 ... say `` sure , it 's no Rob Roy '' , or `` sure , it 's no Mask of Zorro '' to defend this film , since the latter two films were n't all that great either . Or better yet , say `` Every film ca n't be an Oscar '' . In conclusion , `` The Musketeer '' = worse than most B movies .
 I strongly prefer `` The Three Musketeers '' with Charlie Sheen , Kiefer Sutherland , and Chris O'Donnell over this . The ladder room scene what the only this I actually considered worth watching .
 The director took perfectly good characters from the greatest classic and decided to make his own story with them . Oh yeah , and he used a Chinese chareographer to make them jump around like ninjas . And another thing , Athos , Parthos , and Aramis were portrayed like a bunch of drunken losers instead of noble swordsmen . The director picked completely wrong actors to play the musketeers . This movie is a joke .
 Born and raised in France I will tell you this movie is a supreme insult to Mr. Alexandre Dumas ! The original masterpiece has been hacked to bits by a Hollywood mob hooked on fluff and with no regards whatsoever for substance ; the characters are shallow , the acting without flavor and the the whole movie altogether pointless . The fighting scenes would have been enjoyable had I not been bored to tears by the senseless rubbish stuffed in between them.I give it one star for the mere reason the Amazon does not offer the possibility of a lower grade . Save your money , buy the book instead !
 This movie is pure garbage ... After watching this for an hour and forty minutes I fell tired , and even dumber for the experience . The plot is interesting enough , but everything else falls on it 's face hard . D'Artagnan -LRB- Justin Chambers -RRB- is the least interesting character in the movie . He mulls through his lines as if it hurts his mind to speak the flat dialogue they have for his character . Mena Suvari 's flat dialogue at several points in the movie seem to coinside with the most mind-numbing parts the story has to offer . The sword fighting is good , but you never for a second believe Chambers is the one doing anything but waving a sword at nothing every ten seconds or so . The old man that teaches D'Artagnan to be a musketeer is interesting , as is the Queen , but Tim Roth , the coolest bad guy with a sword next to Darth Maul -LRB- Ray Park -RRB- , seems as though he was trapped into the film and is nowhere near as intence as he was in Rob Roy . His charater seems to have no ambition in life other than to kill everyone and make a name for himself as the most evil man alive.All i can say is a lot of people will rent this dumb movie because the trailer showed the most thrilling 20 seconds of the movie . In reality , the 20 second they show you are dull upon their arrival in the movie ...
 As soon as the credits begin at the start of this movie -LRB- accompanied by the most awful attempts at heroic-sounding music and cheesy graphics -RRB- , you know you 're not going to be seeing a great movie.Aside from the oft-mentioned lack of chasing of the escaping carraige by the guards , there are several other parts in this movie that just do n't make sense . My personal favorite :D ` Artagnan gets away on a carraige with some compatriots , while being chased by Tim Roth and his men on horses . Inventive as always , D'Artagnan explodes some gun powder barrels on a stone bridge after his group passes over it . Despite the fact that the explosion almost instantaneously becomes a 6-inch high little smoker , leaving the bridge completely intact , Tim Roth and his men all stop . Tim and D'Artagnan exchange the evil eye , but , no ! Tim Roth can not follow ! His horse could not possibly jump over the smoke , nor could it simply ride through.The acting , as well as the plot , is dreadful . How did Mena Suvari get into this picture ? Is it because she says her lines with as much expression as a head of a lettuce ? Looks even more out of place in a period movie than Leonardo did in Titanic?Justin Chambers is a miserable D'Artagnan , and his character is completely mauled , like everyone else . I can not think of a single character in this movie that is unchanged from the book.Even though this movie is a deplorably bad interpretation of book , it is also a deplorable waste of film . Did anyone in this movie actually think they were doing something intelligent?Despite all this , I actually had an immensely fun time watching it just because there is so much to make fun of . So , if you have n't seen it , I would recommend seeing it once because it 's such a -LSB- poor -RSB- movie that it really comes off as quite amusing .
 Perhaps the most entertaining part of this movie is watching an unintentional small luminous squid skitter across the screen about 30 minutes in.The second most entertaining part is watching with disbelief as a band of guards give up chasing a coach going five miles per hour the minute it passes through a set of gates.The movie was laughable and to be honest I could n't sit through the whole affair.The script was awful and the actors a -RRB- should have known better ; b -RRB- were really desperarte ; or c -RRB- thought it was a comedy and everything would work out all right in the end.This goes into my list of movies with no redeeming features , along with Spirited Killer and Modern Vampires .
 Many reviewers have done an excellent job detailing the shortcomings of this movie . I wish I would have looked here before renting it . On the plus side , The Musketeer has some nice looking sets and some well lit scenes . On the negative side , the lead actor is awful , the script trite and humorless , the whole presentation is just bland and unengaging . I did n't even like Tim Roth , who is just too sickeningly evil and even HE ca n't bring the part to life . Worst of all was the action choreography and editing . The fighting was so poorly staged and cut that I had to go back 2 or 3 times just to figure out what happened . Did anybody storyboard this stuff out ? Why do these filmakers think they need to cut the action so fast ? You rarely get a good look at the Musketeer when he 's fighting . I quit watching after the 2/3 point .
 Dear Makers of the Musketeer : So you tout yourself for having superb action sequences - okay , I 'm interested . So you say I should see your movie because it 's the same choreographer doing YOUR fights as The Matrix - now I 'm intrigued . Then you hire Tim Roth , who is a God among actors . And now I 'm hooked . OH YES PLEASE MAY I SEE YOUR MOVIE ? Then you do 4 VERY bad things .1 -RRB- YOU SPEND NO MONEY ON CINEMATOGRAPHY . Whoever lit this movie should be shaken ... repeatedly . Somebody thought it would be artistic to film this movie in `` Natural Lighting '' . Too bad that some of the scenes are so damn dark you ca n't see anything at all . You guys were WAY too interested in making pretty shots and not at all interested in whether or not I can actually SEE them .2 -RRB- YOUR EDITOR IS PROBABLY THREE . No , that 's insulting to toddlers everywhere . Whomever it was that put this film together has issues - he/she must be spastic . It 's great that you put in all these wonderful fight scenes - it 's great that you used your entire budget to choreograph everything , but at least film the stupid movie so that I can watch the scenes without the camera moving angles 57 times . It was jarring . You see the fight from one angle - something cool happens - then the camera abruptly cuts to a face shot . Action is flying everywhere BUT THEY 'RE FILMING THE LOOK ON THE ACTOR 'S FACE . WHY ????? WHY ????? Trust me , the acting was n't good enough to warrant filming their faces ! 3 -RRB- YOU HAVE NO SCRIPT . Storyline-wise , you have a bunch of drunken , disorderly Musketeers who are very sad because the king has disbanded them . Suddenly , just because the hero says so , they all follow him like rats and the Pied Piper ! Wheeeeee ! Wish life was that easy . And the dialogue ... do n't get me started .4 -RRB- YOU WASTE TIM ROTH . In reality , you had a pretty good cast . But when you give them no script , do n't inspire them , and under-pay them , they give wooden performances . And you wonder why ? The only interesting actor among them was Tim Roth , and his lines were so cruddy that it was difficult to appreciate him . That 's just heinous - sinful . Bad.This movie was such an abomination , and to think I actually looked forward to it . Please , Please do n't make another movie like this EVER again . I do n't think I could live through the hype and the hideous product . Really . It brought tears to my eyes . Yuck .
 Forget about Battlefield Earth . Forget about Tomb Raider . Forget about Planet of the Apes . This is easily the worst big budget Hollywood film made in the last five years . Yes , the trailer was awesome , and had many a moviegoer drueling to see what the Three Musketeers would be like with some Hong Kong flavor to spice things up , but the movie itself is complete and utter filth.Where does one begin ? First of all , the much-touted choreography is hardly anything but a cameo in this picture . Action sequences are sparse and everything good was on the aforementioned trailer . Wirework is excessive to the point where it seems that gravity is non-existent . The actors do n't seem to want to be IN this film either , which is clearly reflected by their pained facial expressions as they deliver their incoherent dialogue . Even the cinematography is bad - sometimes it 's too bloody dark to even see what 's going on ! And do n't expect to see much of the Three Musketeers here either . They 're bit parts , if that , and severely disrespected at every turn by the hero who should look up to them.This film has got some bad press , but not half as much as it deserves . If you want some Dumas , go watch the far superior Count of Monte Cristo . If you want some musketeer action , check out the 1998 adaptation of The Man in the Iron Mask . Heck , you 'd be better off watching Disney 's 1993 Robin Hood rip-off . Just do yourself a favor and avoid this like the Black Plague .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever watched . The story line is weak and the acting is horrible . For example , this woman got shot and she was like `` I 'm not dead yet , please go and kill him ! '' ok , that was just stupid !!! Also , they overdid the fighting and it was just too much , as if they tried hard to make it too amazing.Overall , HORRIBLE MOVIE !!!
 `` The Three Musketeers '' has been a Hollywood staple for decades . 2001 's `` The Musketeer '' was an attempt to update the franchise using the latest in movie special effects and a focus on the character of D'Artagnan . Unfortunately , it falls short of being a successful adaption.In `` The Musketeer '' , Justin Chambers plays D'Artagnan as a hunky superwarrior , capable of fantastic feats of martial arts and swordsmanship on a par with `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon . '' The movie 's traditional story gets buried beneath a series of set-piece fight spectaculars . The fight scenes are interesting , but the plotline stringing them together has become paper-thin . The traditional plot complication involving the Duke of Buckingham and the French Queen is told in a confusing manner , while the three Musketeers themselves seem to have little to do with the story . Only Tim Roth as the Cardinal 's evil henchman shines at all . Young and attractive actress Mena Suvari is prominent as the Queen 's aide and as a love-interest for D'Artagnan , but her very modern and very immodest female personna wrong-foots the role . Catherine Deneuve seems uncomfortable as the Queen , as if looking for the nearest exit . Justin Chambers is wooden in delivery and lacking in the on-screen charisma we have come to expect from D'Artagnan as a character.This movie will be entertaining primarily to those with no expectations of the traditional story of `` The Three Musketeers . ''
 A lamentable adaptation of the classic `` Three Musketeers '' saga . This film looks stylish , but is appallingly dreadful in its cliche-ridden script and clumsy execution ... To begin with , trash all hope of seeing Alexandre Dumas 's grand story in a millennial revamp -- the script takes such liberties with the original material that we should consider ourselves lucky they remembered to call the hero D'Artagnan . The big deal with this film is supposed to be the Hong Kong-style `` wire works '' action scenes , which were choregraphed by Xin-Xin Xiong , of `` Crouching Tiger '' fame ... Well , there is no dragon hidden in these sequences -- they are both kinetically flat and a distracting anachronism
 Dumas would turn over in his grave . The story is terrible and where or where is the infamous Milady Dewinter -LRB- a central character -RRB- . Do n't bother .
 Wow , it is really really bad movie . I would rate it a B-Hong-Kongmartial arts movie -LRB- not even just B-movie -RRB- . I wonder who came up with this `` wonderful '' idea to introduce Chinese fighting into this classical story . Complete failure . Jerking plot -LRB- and just motion , even in fighting sequence -RRB- . Clothing was Ok and Mena Suvari acted well . Actually , many actors were potentially good , BUT the director and `` fighting horeographer '' are amazingly not good .
 This movie is outrageous and ridiculous and stupid and corny and just not one to watch and enjoy and absorb often . Please do yourself a favor and stay away from this mish mash of scenes . It do n't make much sense . Very little character development and even less fun ...
 I just want to say that I feel sorry for the wasted Blockbuster coupon - `` rent one movie get another free '' . So I rented `` Heist '' , which is another story , and this `` masterpiece '' . People from Newark of De United States might enjoy this -LSB- junk -RSB- but not me.My advice to all who concider to buy or rent this movie , do n't do it .
 i felt this was just a mish mash of scenes . it did n't flow nicely along and the star could no way handle the lead . after seeing MAN IN THE IRON MASK , you saw the unity of the musketeers , something i did n't get out of this . 5 of us watched it together and in the end we all agreed it was pretty boring .
 The Musketeer is just the same as the 3 Musketeer story that has been told over about 6 to 8 times already . All of those a better than this although The Musketeer has a few entaining sword battles at least and Tim Roth is good as the villain . Although Tim Roth 's villain with the eye patch has been seen before and is nothing new . Michael Wincott was very good in the same role in the Disney 3 Musketeers film too . Plus the end fight between Justin Chambers and Tim Roth involving ladders is kind of entertaining but it makes you wonder why all those ladders are even there though . If they were gon na make yet another one , they could of at least offered an original story . The Iron Mask was n't fantastic but at least it gave the Musketeers something new to do .
 The Further Perils of Laurel and HardyI received this item this week -LRB- March 7 2008 -RRB- & it was one I did not know was avalable & saw thru a link . I have the other items in this Youngson series from other publishers late last year . This one is poor to , say the least , with faded & washed-out images although the sound is OK . The grain is very high and contrary to another review , PAL TV in Australia in the 1950s & 60s did not look anything as bad as the images in this DVD . The other Youngsons that came out last year were better although the highest priced one did leave a lot to be desired in picture quality also but not like the Further Perils . If only Warner bros would buy more of these things for extras on their great DVD releases then we would have restoration similar to what they have provided on at least one L&H ; DVD set . But to have this title in the collection gets us to more completion of the Youngson compilations on DVD .
 After recently watching such classic Hitchcock films as `` The 39 Steps '' and `` The Lady Vanishes '' , I had high hopes for this effort as well . Unfortunately , the end product -LRB- while nicely polished -RRB- lack one key ingredient that would have automatically ratcheted it up a notch
 This dvd is a complete joke , and I believe my single purchase paid for the entire production . I am ashamed that I purchased it . This might be helpful to anyone who has NEVER seen or played volleybal . Furthermore , this product certainly can not be called `` advanced . '' It is so pathetic that I can not even hand it down to the 12 year-old level coaches . Pay for shipping and you can have my copy !
 Freud , famously , despaired of discovering what women wanted -LRB- perhaps he might have done better to ask women , but that thought was a little too left-field for him -RRB- . What a shame he flourished in the wrong century , for otherwise he would have discovered courtesy of this finely untuned film . The answer to what women what is
 Apparently women want boring predictable films with cardboard stereoyped characters wherein the women is able to reform the handsome , fun , yet roguish male . I am guessing the film was made by cynical old men attempting to appeal to the middle age female demographic .
 DREK ... absolute , pure drek . Offensive in its man-only-thinks-of-sex premise , even more offensive that Mel Gibson , like so many aging actors , is paired with ever-younger female costars . That studios still pay actors like Gibson to make such drek , and that those studios pay screenwriters to write it , and that people go see the movie in the theater and then buy the dvd , is as great a mystery to me as any .
 ** 1/2 In &#65533; What Women Want , &#65533; Mel Gibson plays an ad exec so misogynistic in his outlook that he makes Henry Higgins look like Richard Simmons . A confirmed bachelor , he basically sees women as little more than sex objects to be wooed , made love to and discarded at his own convenience and pleasure . Suddenly one day a freak accident occurs , allowing Nick the ability to overhear what women are thinking . First he is stunned to discover that many of the women around him find him to be a crass , obnoxious male chauvinist . Then he realizes that knowing what women want beforehand might come in very handy in helping him in his conquests . Finally , he comes to empathize with the struggles women face in their lives , particularly having to deal with boorish oafs like him.Like most movies based on a gimmick , &#65533; What Women Want &#65533; offers both good and bad elements in about equal measure . On the positive side , the gimmick itself is a clever one &#65533; as long as it remains fresh that is . It &#65533; s fun watching Nick get his comeuppance as he comes to learn that what he thinks is attractive behavior to women is actually the very thing that turns many of them off . However , as is usually the case in these films , the gimmick eventually begins to wear thin , and when Nick starts going the reform route , becoming , in effect , a &#65533; sensitive man , &#65533; the film loses its satirical bite and becomes soft and squishy . -LRB- Actually , this theme was explored to much sharper and more hilarious effect in &#65533; Tootsie &#65533; almost 20 years ago -RRB- . This kind of plotting was a staple in the TV series &#65533; Bewitched , &#65533; but there it was forced to wrap itself up in less than 30 minutes , thus avoiding the problem of diminishing returns . This film , which runs a needlessly long 126 minutes , ends up exhausting the possibilities of the premise quite early on . We always know where the story is headed so we simply wait around for the events to play themselves out . Moreover , the filmmakers want to cover far more ground than they are able to in one film . Time and again , we find ourselves deflected from the core element of the film &#65533; Nick &#65533; s romance with a fellow advertiser played by the always wonderful Helen Hunt &#65533; by side forays involving his teenaged daughter , a coffee shop employee , and even a suicidal clerk at his office . I suppose this is an admirable attempt to give a fuller dimension to Nick &#65533; s life and character , but the strands are never very fully developed and they end up attenuating the romance at the film &#65533; s core.Gibson does a very fine job parodying his macho tough-guy image and Helen Hunt brings her unique glow to a woman who , though she finds herself at the top of the corporate world , still yearns for the peace and serenity that only a life of casual simplicity can bring . In an amusing casting coup , Alan Alda , long associated with &#65533; sensitive man &#65533; roles in the 1970 &#65533; s and &#65533; 80 &#65533; s , appears as Nick &#65533; s boss . &#65533; What Women Want &#65533; offers some excellent performances and a few funny moments &#65533; but the limitations imposed on it by its gimmicky nature ultimately do it in .
 This movie was just boring . The only funny parts were in the commercials . The movie was also so predictable , that even before I watched it I knew what was going to happen .
 This movie sounded really great and original , but at most times , it just feels like you 're wasting your time . You hardly get any laughs -LRB- just one -RRB- , and the so little parts which are meant to make you llaugh are just way too overdone and boring . I do n't really recommend this moviealthough it sounds really promising .
 I adore romantic comedies and am capable of suspending disbelief with the best of them , but this movie inspired neither chuckle or teardrop , just the overwhelming desire to kick myself for renting it.Mel Gibson is his usual `` I 'm too cute for my own good '' self as he half-hamedly works his way through this inane story about an ad man -LRB- one of the usual careers for movie characters -RRB- who finds himself far more devilishly charming than others do . After a jolt to his under used brain he obtains the ability to read minds - but , for some mysterious yet convenient reason , only those of women . Instead of rubbing his hands together , laughing fiendishly , and start plotting to take over the world , he uses this new super human power to seduce the ladies , connive his way into a promotion , and manipulate his daughter . Of course , he learns some mighty important lessons in the process and changes into a better dad and a nice guy.Helen Hunt is given nothing new to work with and might as well be doing an episode of her old sitcom without the laughs.A perplexing amount of people seem to love this movie which must mean I have far superior taste < sticks nose in air > or else I 'm just some twisted old hag who 'd rather knit sweaters from my dog 's hair then embrace this gift that Hollywood has so generously bestowed upon us . Either way , I still consider this a lame excuse for a romantic romp .
 The previews showed a man who could hear the thoughts of women . So promising , so much fun it seemed but the movie fell flat . Do n't waste your time ! Mel Gibson looks old and dowdy , Helen Hunt looks lost and the rest of the cast has a dull lokk as if to say why me ?
 Yes , I was shocked to see great actors in a film that to my licking was not worth watching , but that I did , I never saw the ending found the movie to dull.That is only my opinion , so try it and write your own Commentare !
 How can a movie be so awful even with Mel Gibson and Helen Hunt as the lead characters ? It was n't funny . I could n't sit through it . Even Mel Gibson was n't enough to hold my interest through this poor excuse of a movie . Awful .
 Helen Hunt was her usual self - acted well , portrayed a good character and was beautiful . Mel Gibson , as much as I looked forward to seeing him in the movie , was uncomfortably `` gay-like '' - and by all means I have nothing against gay people but he was n't trying to act like one in this movie , he was trying to be a hot shot women 's man . He just could n't act it . Somehow Mel is not good acting funny in that way . Storyline was so-so . I would say rent it if you 're curious about the movie , but do n't bother buying .
 Mel Gibson should choose better scripts to do . First the Patriot , now this ... And testicular cancer is relevant , depending on the temperature of female conversations . You can see it , but dont go with high expectations .
 When I saw the previews for this film I figured it would be a great way to spend two hours . After I had spent my two hours with Mel and Helen , I wanted them back.If you have seen any trailer for this film , then you have seen the best and funniest parts . The `` funny '' scenes in this film were not funny at all . I understand that this is a romantic comedy and all but , Mel gibson seems awkward throughout the entire movie . I was upset that Helen Hunt , a woman that performed beautifully in As Good as it Gets , even chose the role in this film.From the beginning a viewer already knows the outcome of the movie . We all know that the man 's life will change because of this accident . The concept of hearing what women think , as far-fetched as it is , is interesting . I only wish someone could have been a little more creative with it.The movie also goes to great extremes to waste good talent . Marisa Tomei plays a mindless woman worring about petty things . Delta Burke plays Gibson 's `` yes girl '' and could have given much more to the picture.I do n't expect an epic like Braveheart or an action film like Twister every time these two are on the screen . I just want something that is entertaining . The best part of this film goes to the set decorators and designers.The film does prove one thing ; we should all listen to our mothers when they tell us not to plug in a hairdryer near a tub full of water .
 I gave it a one-star because that is the lowest rating available . Negative five star is more like it.With the hype , you would think it is a decent rental , but it is not . It is a complete disappointment.Mel dancing with the cloth tree - nauseating ! It amplifies his `` shortness . '' In fact , this film shows Mel is over the hill . Poor Mad Max . Helen - same old girl next door overrated nothingness.The story - what story ? The rolling credit was a great relief . What a ripoff !
 Mel Gibson and Helen Hunt are both fine actors , and no doubt have their choice of dozens of great roles anytime they want them . So how did they wind up in this stilted , overproduced piece of jetsam ? I should know by now that any film written or directed by Nancy Meyers is going to stink , but somehow I watched this one anyhow . Big mistake ! Every scene feels contrived ; you can just see the writers going `` now comes the scene where ... `` If the same premise had been developed by the `` Seinfeld '' team , it could have been hilarious . As-is , it 's heavy-handed and moralizing through and through . And Gibson gives his hammiest performance since ... well , ever . Ugh ! I 'm giving it two stars -LRB- rather than one -RRB- because Helen Hunt 's warmth and sincerity make it at least bearable , and the production values are quite good for the most part .
 This started out as a descent movie . As other reviews state , it is a fun watch . Fun that is , until my wife asked me what I thought the message was going to be . When the end came , the message was clear
 This is the worst film I have seen for at least 3 years I was so bored at the end of this I thought I had died and gone to hell . my advice is if you want a bonfire buy this film otherwise avoid it
 As a romantic comedy addict , I expected a lot from this movie . The original idea was very interesting and could have made an excellent comedy about women and emotions . MISTAKE ! this is one of the worst film i ever seen in my whole life and without a doubt the most predictable and boring piece of garbage . The acting is terrible
 There 's one thing you will learn at the end of this movie -LRB- and it is n't even the title -RRB- ; that Mel Gibson is a good looking man . That 's pretty much it.So , Mel can read women 's minds . So cue LOTS of scenes of women checking him out , forming clear , straight sentences in their minds -LRB- does anyone talk to themselves like the women in this movie ? If anyone could read anyone 's mind , would n't it just be a bunch of indeciphrable gibberish , half sentences , words , songs and ideas ? -RRB- But I digress . I can buy any premise if it 's well thought out and , for a comedy - funny . And this is n't any of those things . Instead we get to see Mel mugging to the camera for an hour and a half until all you want to do is smash his head in with a shovel , Psycho II style . `` Are you sure you wo n't have any tea , Mel ? CLANNNNNNNG '' . Now THAT I would watch.So , is this DVD What Women Want ? Maybe , but only the really stupid ones.The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 Opening credits ... . SUCK ... The End .
 Yes I am reviewing another Mel Gibson movie , and yes , it 's not worth the silicon it 's recorded on!Every once in a while a film will come out that really will make you want to hunt down the cast , crew and backers , and inflict pain on them.This is such a film!Truely awful from beginning to end , if you really must buy this , do n't watch it , just use it as a coaster or something , for your own sanity !
 Mel Gibson gets hit by lightning three times and does n't die ? What type of script is this ? Who 's supposed to believe this tripe ? Helen Hunt looks like an overgrown owl and any man in Mel Gibson 's place would use his powers for the good of sex instead of throwing it all away . Also , when he says he 's gay , I truly believed him because JUST LOOK AT HIM !!!! This was obviously a chick flick and every man 's nightmare and I 'd watch out because I know who the writers are . BEWARE .
 Need I say more ? A delightful and talented cast get thier paychecks and keep thier popularity in check , by doing a cutsie date movie in between thier serious roles . Mind reading is not a new idea , but it certainly has potential for interesting situations on the big screen . It falls short in this department though , despite the cast 's charm . It does ` nt surprise me that this movie was pretty much put together by women , because it certainly reflects a chick flicks common traits
 First off let me say that I 've always liked Mel Gibson ever since I saw Gallipolli . I loved The Year Of Living Dangerously , Maverick , Ransom , the Lethal Weapon series , Conspiracy Theory , even some of his less successful movies such as Mrs Soffel , The Bounty , Hamlet and The River . I think he is a fine , often underused and under-rated actor . I also really like Helen Hunt . However , this is the point where I say BUT -LRB- and this is the point where most people reading this review will move to the bottom of my review and click on no -RRB- I think this is up there with Air America as one of the worst movies Mel Gibson has ever made . I just thought it was dull , uninspired , unimaginative and worse still , clich&eacute;d.If you want a movie that perpetuates the myth that all men are male chauvinist pigs -LRB- I thought that idea went out with the 80 's -RRB- then this is the one for you . Mel Gibson who regularly tops polls as the man all women want , stars here as an advertising executive -LRB- Nick -RRB- in this unimaginative , high concept low inteliigence movie about a man who can hear what women are thinking and discovers they do n't all love him as much as he believed.Essentially this is a romantic comedy with the plot centring around Nick 's attempts to undermine his new boss -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- when she gets the job and the promotion he thought were his . Using his ability to read her thoughts , he steals her ideas and just as his plan is beginning to work , would you believe it he falls in love with her and develops a conscience ? Not exactly the most inspired , original or imaginative plot twist me thinks.To my mind this was a movie with a good premise and it could have been a good movie had they avoided the schmaltz and the stereotypes . They did n't . It 's not all bad though , Mel Gibson is his usual charming self and Helen Hunt makes a sympathetic , intelligent and attractive love interest , even if the lighting throughout this movie does her no favours . The movie does have some good moments but if you 've seen the promotional ad 's you 've pretty much seen all the best bits . I hope this review does n't come over as a male taking offence to a bit of male bashing . I just think this was a missed opportunity .
 Rather pretentious comedy featuring Mel Gibson , who , despite all the emasculation , is in bumpy , toothy , silly-little-boy mode . What women want , indeed ! He 's a Don Juan in the advertising world , who gets zapped by his blow-dryer while drinking some interesting-looking Cabernet . The result ? He 's given the ability to read women 's thoughts . This is distressing , at first . Regressive , too
 How can a movie be so awful even with Mel Gibson and Helen Hunt as the lead characters ? It was n't funny . I could n't sit through it . Even Mel Gibson was n't enough to hold my interest through this poor excuse of a movie . Awful .
 I am not a fan of Mel Gibson , nor am I a fan of Helen Hunt . Their pairing here is not endearing . The jokes are tired . The story stale . The idea of a chauvinistic , womanising man getting electrocuted and then magically living through the ordeal only to be able to read the minds of all women he encounters ... in his dreams . A man this callous and shallow would not use this power to become a gentler , more sensitive man . He would use it to get exactly what he wanted . Sure , his character does exploit his new gift to an extent , but of course , the end is just picture-perfect because he has become so sensitive and soft-hearted that he can practically read the mind of leading lady Helen Hunt even without his improbable skill . I am not impressed .
 This movie was absolutely horrendous ! All the men were ... manipulative and dominating evil doers while all the women were either small , petite , no self-esteem mice or strong , commanding , feminist CEO 's . I was just appauled at the awful stereotypes that were being given to men ! Sure , some , if not most , guys are actually ... manipulative and dominating evil-doers but if I did n't know any better , this movie was just some radical feminazi propraganda designed to make men look like the bad guys . But Mel Gibson was great , though I do n't know what possessed him to take up this role .
 I am a woman and this movie is not what women want . This movie was terrible . The guy was a jerk and he stayed a jerk and if he came to me and told me he stole my job , I would have punched him . He would have annoyed me anyway saying every little thing I said after I thought it . Mel is old ; the movie may be great for some porky housewives drooling over Mel . And the movie is filled with stereotypes -- the typical skirt chasing men in the office for example . It just plain stunk and I wasted a Sunday afternoon on it when I could have been twiddling my thumbs .
 `` What Women Want '' is merely a slight twist on the cliched genre of romance-comedy , adding in the unique aspect of Mel 's ability to hear women 's thoughts . This idea had enormous potential , and potential to be funny . But this was not the case.A few cute jokes , a strange scene of Mel dancing in the bathroom in pantyhouse and lipstick , and the obligatory cheesy make up with his daughter at the end of the movie after a rocky relationship . We all saw it coming.It 's a good date movie , but little else .
 I 'm not even going to spend much time writing this review because this movie is not worth my time . But anyway , the movie had a few cute moments , but other than that , neither my fiance or I enjoyed watching it . We did n't even finish it before deciding to sell it off . Definately not recommended . If you really feel the urge to watch it , rent it first .
 I 'm sorry but I think Mel Gibson is much too old for the character of this role . I thought the story line relied too much on crude humour , obviously Hollywood does n't think that people can enjoy a movie without a little naughty stuff in their movies.Well their wrong , I did n't enjoy this movie because of the objectionable and disgusting crude humour , etc. . I thought that it was silly , and shallow , and definately this is not Mel Gibson 's best . He 's much too old for this part.I do n't know what Hollywood wants women to think they want , but I know that I was sorry to have wasted my time watching it . His character is manipulative , and disgusting . I do n't understand how the director , could glamourize this . It has too many offensive things for me to like it.I think that the romance storyline was ridiculous and silly .
 As usual , the previews show the only amusing parts of this vapid flick . Mel Gibson has great presence but it is wasted here as he acts confused and stutters his lines in a script that portrays most men as thoughtless nitwits . His transformation to telepathy is stupid and appears to have been dreamed up over a coffee break . Helen Hunt is no better and constantly looks as if she is ready to cry her beady little eyes out . Marisa Tomei ! This beautiful talented actress who won an academy award is given a bit part as a brainless bimbo ! She needs to fire her agent . Mels daughter is supposed to be a sympathetic character but comes across as a snotty brat until her -LCB- you guessed it -RCB- creep of a boyfriend dumps her . The only subplot that interested me was of the hard working but overlooked and ignored go-fer . I do n't recall her name but the scenes with her and Mel were the best part of this movie . So , if you liked `` Married , with children '' humor then watching Mel hop around in pantyhose and rip hair off his legs should amuse you . For me , it got old real fast .
 My guess , is that women want a stronger movie than this . It 's an interesting premise . But what we have is a strictly average movie . The movie is formulaic . The movie is beneath Mel Gibson and Helen Hunt , and I 'm surprised that either of them took the parts . In the end he turns around to be the better man , she gets her job , love wins out , a neat , pat ending , blah , blah , blah . We 've seen this movie many times before . This one just runs a little longer .
 I did n't like What Women Want very much , but it 's only fair to say that this boxoffice hit entertained a lot of moviegoers , as well as a number of critics . Sometimes a reviewer , like anybody else , finds himself at odds with the majority . Because my opinions are published months after a movie 's initial release , I at least know when mine is a minority voice.What Women Want is a satirical romantic comedy about a guy named Nick -LSB- Mel Gibson -RSB- who discovers he can read women 's minds . This occurs after a night during which Nick , attired in panty hose , slips and falls , along with the hairdryer he is holding , into a bathtub full of water . -LSB- You 'll have to see the movie to find out why he is dressed the way he is . -RSB- Stunned by a mighty electric shock , he passes out . His new psychic ability is revealed to him the following morning.Nick is a hot commodity at a big advertising agency . He is quite the charmer , but he treats women like objects . Now that he can hear their thoughts , however , he learns that - surprise ! - many women are rational , intelligent beings . He quickly learns that his ex-wife thinks he 's an idiot , his daughter thinks he is a lousy father , and at work , the girls ' opinions range from indifference to outrage . To make matters worse , his new boss , Darcy -LSB- Helen Hunt -RSB- , now has the position he thinks he should have been given . People rarely change overnight , so the conniving Nick decides to use his new talent to his own advantage . He will use it to seduce women and to get Darcy 's job by artfully stealing her ideas and making them his own . Too bad for Nick that he also finds Darcy so attractive.What Women Want is Gibson 's first romantic comedy in nearly a decade . Ms. Hunt had a much better role as a woman who reforms a man in As Good as it Gets . Marisa Tomei and Bette Midler are very effective in small parts . The best character is Nick 's daughter Alexandra , who is undergoing major teen angst . Ashley Johnson does a remarkable job of playing her.Why did I have problems with the movie ? In part , it 's because producer and director Nancy Myers , whose work -LSB- Father of the Bride , The Parent Trap , I Love Trouble -RSB- I 've never cared much for , is in charge of a story idea that seems to be too clever for her abilities . Also , with a woman at the helm , you might expect that the female characters would think some interesting thoughts . Sadly , what these women have on their minds is so stereotypical and mundane that we wind up learning nothing new about what women want . Certainly some of the thoughts are hysterically funny , but I anticipated at least one or two fresh insights . Lastly , What Women Want is way too long . There is a silly pseudo-Freudian flashback used to explain why Nick is the way he is with women . It 's unnecessary and pointless , as is a subplot concerning Nick and a female file clerk who thinks everyone ignores her . These scenes take up twenty minutes , explain nothing , and worst of all , are n't the least bit funny . Of course , several million viewers might disagree with me .
 I 'm neutral to Mel Gibson . He 's getting old . The movie was n't acted all that great , but it did have some humor . It 's almost a must-rent , but not quite . I wish I 'd rented something else , but at least now I can say I 've seen the movie , and that I 'm truly traumatized by seeing Mel Gibson dressed up like a woman . * shudder *
 This was boring after about twenty minutes . After the boredom came self-reproach , for having thought that this idea could be properly exploited by fairly talentless writers like these.It 's about the level of an average `` Friends '' episode , which I 'll admit would make it funny enough for some .
 I knew I was not going to be watching Doctor Zhivago when I checked this DVD out of the local library , but I thought , with Mel Gibson and Helen Hunt involved -LRB- as well as Alan Alda and a wonderful Marisa Tomei in supporting roles -RRB- , the story would make some sense whatsoever , or at least be mildly amusing . What a waste.This film can not decide whether it wants to be an aburdist comedy , a `` Working Girl '' like tale of a woman rising to the top in a man 's business world , or a love story involving the two lead characters . They also throw in a little rebellious daughter v. overprotective father stuff for good measure . At various times in the movie , it tries to do all of the above , none very well mind you , only to abandon the premise in favor of something else.Mel Gibson is a successful , cocky , chauvinist advertising executive in line for a promotion by his boss Alan Alda . On the day he is supposedly destined for glory , Alda pulls an about face and hires outsider Helen Hunt for the promotion , who was recently fired from her job at a competing agency , despite her supposedly great marketing ideas for targeting women consumers . There follows a rather predictable effort at sabotage by Mel , while -LRB- equally predictably -RRB- he starts falling for his new boss Hunt at the same time he pities her.Within this fairly unexciting plotline the writers have thrown a bizarre twist , namely that Gibson , who receives a shock in his bathtub , can now hear the secret thoughts of all women around him . One horrible scene involves Gibson walking through a department store , I think it was the prefume section , and being literally tortured by the bombardment of thoughts assailing him from all females present . After they believe this joke wears a little thin , -LRB- and believe me it does -RRB- , the writers just basically abandon the premise!By the conclusion you just want this dog to end , since many reviewers here rightly pointed out the movie is about thirty minutes too long . I liked the scenes with quirky Marisa Tomei , an aspiring actress who works in a coffee bar and worries about the impending loss of her looks , but Mel -LRB- and the writers -RRB- drop Marisa like a dirty shirt about halfway through the film . Gibson ends up being , at least with Tomei , exactly the kind of chauvinist jerk they are trying to convince you he is not . You have to admire Gibson 's willingness to take risks and change gears every now and then , making a film like this in favor of yet another Braveheart/Patriot clone . However if you still want to watch What Women Want , by all means rent this movie , you wo n't want to sit through it more than once .
 What Women Want is n't a bad film . It 's just too long ! . This is movie is a half hour longer than it really needs to be . It drags on way too long and I think that hurts the film . Mel Gibson stars as an adman who receives the ability to read women 's minds after getting electrocuted in his bathroom by falling in the tub with a hair dryer . Yeah , it could happen . Sure . Predictably , Mel starts to use it to his advantage . Would you ? . He uses it on his new co-worker played by Helen Hunt . After a while , he realizes he 's using his newfound powers for the wrong reasons . He also makes Helen 's character lose her job . Of course , there 's romance between the two . How could there not be ? . The movie takes a more serious turn as Mel starts feeling pressure from hearing things he really does n't want to hear , including a co-worker who he thinks wants to kill herself . The film could of done without that part . Again , the movie is n't bad . It could 've been funnier and a lot shorter . Mel Gibson is very good in this . Helen Hunt has little to do here . But , on the up side , she looks incredible . This is a film that will not be everyone 's taste .
 i have not seen this movie , nor do i EVER want to . i 've only seen the previews on tv and read about it in previews . why do i think it 's probably one of the stupidest , pointless movies on the face of the earth ? , because i bet just about every guy who 's had trouble getting girls watched it , took notes , and believed each and every single thing that was in this movie , and believed every sentence that was in this movie where you got to hear the woman thinking out loud in the movie . i bet many guys took this movie way too seriously.well , i bet some of the stuff said in there where it has the woman thinking out loud was garbage . not all women are the same , and not all men are the same ... you ca n't believe every thing a woman says . not all women want what that one individual woman wants and some women lie . but hey , nobody 's perfect . every guy had individual tastes too , and guys lie sometimes to.i for one , as far what i finad sexually appealing with a woman 's appearance , like women who are a tad bigger . i like'em to weigh about 140 to 160 lbs . if they 're around 5 ' 5 '' to 5 ' 7 '' . yet there are guys who like petite women -LRB- i personlly do n't know why -RRB- . there should n't be a movie that tries to help guys get girls . the movie title `` what women want '' was just wrong . i bet many guys thought of it as the gateway to seriously improving their game if they 're looking for a date.i personally think guys put way too much emphasis on trying to find out what women want . i do n't think that should be necessary . i think it 's ridiculous . i think the guy should be himself like the girl is practially all the time and just feel good about himself . not every girl is going to be into every guy ... i think self-confidence is probably the most important thing for a guy to have when trying to get women.i 'm a guy and that 's my opinion ...
 The premise of this movie is very good - Mel Gibson , after a freak accident , can `` hear '' what women are thinking . However , the director should have given a little thought to what men want.Mel can read the thoughts of all women and the woman he choses is ... HELEN HUNT ? Not to bash Helen Hunt too much , but she is neither a particularly good actress nor particularly attractive . Her popularity in Hollywood can only be explained by one thing - she seems to be the only actress who can play a neurotic woman . And that was n't called for in this flick.Let 's see
 In Mel Gibson 's latest vehicle -- and I use the term in all seriousness ; his films are like beautiful , empty cars that he somehow manages to power with his charisma -- he plays a womanizing cad with a lot of charm and no manners . He 's involved in a highly implausible freak accident involving a lightning bolt and a hair dryer which allows him to hear what women are thinking . He learns to be more accepting and eventually develops something akin to human empathy . And , heaven help us , there is even a cameo by Bette Midler . It 's a great date movie ; it 's light and fluffy , like popcorn or cotton , and there 's some funny business with Mel as he does funny woman things , like waxing his legs and trying on pantyhose . The soundtrack is so uninspired that , frankly , it finds itself right at home .
 This movie was poorly designed and not a great movie at all . I rented this movie on DVD and it 's a good thing I did n't buy it before I rented it . Mel Gibson is a great actor but it 's movies like this that make him look bad .
 This movie was an insult to my intellegence . Helen Hunt must have needed work bad to portray such a dim-wit . Everything funny in the movie had been shown in the trailers . Mel Gibson as a non macho man would have been worthwhile , had he pulled it off . His attempts at being sincere reminded me of Bill Murray in Ground Hog Day before he got it right .
 I have never actually been angry with a movie before , but this one did it . I saw it in the theaters , and it put me in a bad mood for days . Obviously it did not have this effect on some of you , maybe even most of you , and my reviewer rating will take a serious hit from this . . but I want to put out the warning to those people who read the reviews , that if you are ever uneasy about Hollywood 's attitudes about women , you 'd better stay far away from this movie.I found this movie incredibly insulting , in the way it portrayed every single female character , in the jokes , in the plot , and in the conclusion - pretty much beginning to end . I did n't go in looking for trouble , but it found me - I saw it in the theaters with a girlfriend looking for some light escapism and got a nasty reminder of just how dumb , useless , and incapable Hollywood thinks I am as a woman . This is present in some small degree in most every Hollywood romance , but it is obvious , blatant , rampant in this one . You know the premise . So , what do the women in this movie think about ? Mel Gibson . Constantly . Their lives are practically centered around him . They have nothing better to think about , whether it 's on the job or on the street . They are shallow . They are needy . Their careers are open to the manipulations of Mel Gibson 's character , but we forgive him , because he is cute and much more important than anyone else . What does Mel Gibson learn about women ? They sure do lots of dumb things , do n't they ? Funny ! It sure is hard to look pretty all the time ! Maybe Mel will deign to talk to them and make their lives worthwhile ! What am I doing surfing the internet when I could be applying mascara and waxing my legs ! What do I need a job for , anyway , when I could have a handsome boyfriend instead ! Excuse me while I throw up.This movie is not funny , and manages to be incredibly derivative of every successful romantic comedy without learning a thing from any of them . The leads are not compelling , as a couple or seperately . Mel Gibson 's character is an ... at the start , and even more of an ... at the finish , even though we 're supposed to believe he is enlightened for understanding how much women want him . Gee , thanks Mel . Are you gon na stop manipulating every girl in sight now ? Can Marisa Tomei have her dignity back ? Can Helen Hunt have her job back?This probably wo n't bother a lot of you , so do n't worry about it . It 's the same old thing , only moreso . It 's got eye candy , and requires no thought whatsoever . Keep giving Hollywood your money . But some of you know what I 'm talking about , and to them I stress
 This movie proves that Hell is full and the dead are walking the Earth , making these movies and sitting in theatres watching them . The old `` all men are scum until they get in touch with their feelings '' plot is dredged up again in this lamebrain film . I guess I was supposed to get all doe-eyed and say `` Is ` nt Mel dreamy ? '' and laugh at the supposed `` Comedy '' while watching this flick , but it made me wretch ! Boring , silly and a waste of time.What do men want ? Our money back !
 This inoffensive romantic comedy follows the ups and downs of Nick -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- , a well-suceeded and pretentious publicist who always knows how to act towards women , never failing to achieve his goals . The situation gets tricky when , one night , he starts reading their minds due to a strange short circuit . Then , Nick acknowledges that women actually think and -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- have feelings ... Who could have guessed ? And sometimes they are n`t quite what they seem at first . Yep , believe it because it ` s true , folks ... In order to solve this situation , he just has to act in a kindly , affective manner , and the new problems are solved . Not that difficult , heh?So , this is n`t quite heavy material or thought-provoking stuff , although the beginning of the movie has its funny moments and scenes , credit be given to Gibson . But , as the plot unfolds , it all turns very predictable and even melodramatic , requiring the typical Hollywood ending that everyone ` s expecting . Despite a somewhat promising central idea , this is just another average piece of fluff , simplistic and innocuous as it should . Watchable on a rainy saturday afternoon , anyway .
 It 's a comedy , but you wo n't laugh . I was very depressed when I watched this movie , the idea was wonderful but the story -LSB- was bad -RSB- , the performance also is so stupid , if you watch Helen Hunt you will be confused weather you are watching Mad About You , As Good as it Gets or even Twister !! In briefe , if you are getting this movie , do n't expect much !!
 Mel Gibson plays an advertising executive who suddenly becomes able to read women 's thoughts , which he uses to his advantage until he become a reformed character and starts wanting to help women instead of taking advantage of them . Too sweet for words . The women in the film are a bunch of hopless losers , all of whom need the help of a man -LRB- Gibson , of course -RRB- to help them out . Helen Hunt plays Gibson 's boss , and she 's so sweet and helpless you wonder how she ever got to be a tea-lady , let alone a top executive in a ruthless business like advertising . Gibson stitches her up by stealing her ideas , and naturally she ca n't do a thing to help herself , poor little thing , until he takes pity on her . His daughter spends most of the film slavering with lust over her boyfriend , then suddenly she inexpicably goes off the idea of having ... with him -LRB- why ? -RRB- , but she ca n't get out of it herself , oh no , Daddy has to come and rescue her . And the girl in the office who 's going to commit suicide because she ca n't get promoted -LRB- yes , honestly -RRB- guess who comes to her rescue . ...
 Duck and Cover , Take the Money and Run , etc are some of the phrases that come to mind when I think of how I would describe this movie . No , more correctly these are phrases that would describe why Mel Gibson would ever make a movie like this . They had to drag me to the theatre in the first place to see this film . Luckily I needed no such assistance when the film ended . Seriously , this is a very forced comedy and not a very good one .
 It 's a stupid movie if you ask me and a waste of time - fast forwarded through half of it after giving it a chance . Do n't like M. Gibson any more after his drunk rantings that showed his psychological state - superficial and shallow .
 I thought this movie would be soo funny , but its not . Its not even funny at all . I laughed like once or twice , that 's it . The same cheesy love sick movie that we see all the time , only this one has a horrible story plot to it .
 predictable hollywood flick . not horrible if you 've just eaten too much , it 's 1 in the morning , and you need something to zone out with . aside from that scenario , not worth the time .
 Not enjoyable . Made it through the first hour with rarely a laugh , and then gave up . Zero enjoyment . Terrible movie .
 What Women Want was a smash hit when it was released but this romantic comedy is unfunny and way too long . Mel Gibson gives another solid performance but I just could n't relate to this film and I am a woman ! Helen Hunt was so over-rated when this film was making millions of dollars at the box office but jeez you never hear anything about her anymore , her ship has sailed . This is a movie you rent or borrow from a friend , not worth purchasing !
 I found that most of the good parts of the movie to be in the trailer , but is n't that the way of movies today ? In all honesty , the movie was okay . It had it 's cute moments but when the entire package does n't deliver and I go away unsatisfied I ca n't in good conscious recommend a movie . For me the end negated anything that was good about the movie .
 Rather pretentious comedy featuring Mel Gibson , who , despite all the emasculation , is in bumpy , toothy , silly-little-boy mode . What women want , indeed ! He 's a Don Juan in the advertising world , who gets zapped by his blow-dryer while drinking some interesting-looking Cabernet . The result ? He 's given the ability to read women 's thoughts . This is distressing , at first . Regressive , too
 Ugh , this movie is shocking . It was good concept to start with , but as we journeyed deeper into the film it began to become too cliche . Most of the actors were so busy passing horrible lines at each other and being played as typical romantic comedy stereotypes , I was only entertained by Marissa Tomei 's open and funny preformance . In the end the movie is nothing special , so if you want to see a good recent Gibson movie watch Ransom , and if you want to see a good recent Helen Hunt movie ... Uh ... watch Project X !
 What a great premise . Mel Gibson , a male chauvanist of the worst order , can hear what women think . The previews looked like the movie was going to be a great comedy . If you 're looking for comedy , though , just watch the previews . All of the funny parts are in the previews , and the movie turns into a romantic drama about Mel Gibson 's character reforming and seeking better relationships with his daughter and boss . This had all the makings of a truly fun comedy , and there are great actors in this movie , but it just does n't satisfy . Perhaps if I had known going in that this movie was a drama , I would have appreciated it more , but this is a movie in search of a theme . Also , Mel Gibson 's character is hard to like as he first is a chauvanist , then uses his gift to manipulate people , then finally reforms . By the time he 's turned things around , it 's too late to turn this movie around . Definately one that I would skip .
 Enjoyable but rent it first or buy on sale or second . It is fun but not sure if it is worth full price .
 This movie was , in many ways , a cute `` chick flick '' . I like Mel Gibson , but can not stand Helen Hunt , so I was a bit torn on whether to watch this movie in the first place . Eventually , I did , and I have to agree with those who claim that this movie is much longer than necessary . For example , the big `` Mel Gibson Solo Dance '' is charming but utterly unnecessary to the plot , as is the `` Suicidal Co-Worker '' portion of the story . This `` character '' -LRB- I frame that word loosely because we do n't know why she 's so depressed , etc. . Frankly , I did n't want to know -RRB- served no purpose , and his `` be a good guy , offer her a new job '' solution is way off base.The dance scene with Helen Hunt , also , is wasteful -LRB- in the post-movie interviews , this is explained away by the director 's misled belief that these scenes somehow added a `` Tracy/Hepburn '' atmosphere to the film -RRB- , time consuming and a bit frothy . Additionally , the entire date scene with Marisa Tomei is just wasted filler . If the movie was supposed to be about Nick 's gradual emergence into a `` good '' guy , then this scene blew it . Somehow in the middle of his `` metamorphisis '' he scams a date with a woman , knowing she 's vulnerable , sleeps with her and never calls again . Yet never gives it another thoughtI should also point out that this film supposedly takes place during the two-week period of Nick 's ex-wife 's honeymoon . Are you telling me that it is possible to wine and dine a VERY difficult client to get , come up with an outstanding ad campaign for said client , and dazzle the client in that short a space of time ? And while you 're at it , fall in love , become superdad , etc. . A bit too unrealistic ... even for a movie.Last but not least , I LOVED the soundtrack . The only problem was there was too much of it and it was much too loud . I found myself turning up the volume in an attempt to figure out what the characters were saying underneath Sinatra 's pipes.Overall , an okay rainy day rental but nothing more .
 Is to stop being insulted by Hollywood . I find it difficult to believe that this movie was written and produced by women . All the female characters are 1 dimensional , and weak I might add . Even Darcy , who is supposedly a fire cracker at her profession . In the end , she ca n't even stand up for herself when she realizes she has been taken advantage of by someone she trusts . It 's high time Hollywood and society realize that what women want is more than love from a man . They want to be healthy and have good careers and have fun hobbies . They do want to be loved , but love comes from friends and family , not just men . This movie had a lot of potential , but it did n't deliver .
 I was able to watch `` What Women Want '' free of charge.And that is the only way to watch it since it is quite disposable as a romantic comedy . This is one of those films the wife begs to see - if you catch my drift.Now I am not saying I despise romantic comedies . Great ones do exist . This is simply not one of them.The film starts out promisingly enough . The anti-Cary Grant character that Mel Gibson plays finds it necessary to clue his playboy self into what women want materially in order to keep up with the new female boss -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- at his ad agency . Due to a freakish accident -LRB- in one of the few genuinely funny scenes in the movie -RRB- , he receives the gimmick of being able to actually hear women thinking . Blessed/cursed by this gift , he surmises that he can use it to get exactly what HE wants . Wronged by his new outsider boss who stole the position he was due , he subtly begins to undermine her career . But even as he does , he finds her to be more than he imagined , falling in love with her along the way . Think of it as an update of a film in the manner of `` His Girl Friday '' . But where that film is a classic , this one is a lesson in how to suffocate a movie . Each minute of running time draws a noose around the neck of the film so by the time it ends its finale is impossible to write . In fact , this movie has one of the most contrived and poorly-penned endings in the history of romantic comedies . My wife and I just looked at each other and said , `` Aw , c'mon ! '' To the director/writer , I simply give the advice that it is essential to make the audience buy the ending in any romantic comedy . She failed miserably in this regard and just killed the movie . Sadly , the DVD 's commentary track exposes her own trepidations concerning the ending , but she never listened to those nagging doubts and the ending is a mess because of that.Oscar-winning actress Marisa Tomei is wasted in the film . Mel is often forced to do schtick while Oscar-winning Helen is simply lifeless compared to her turn in `` As Good As It Gets '' . So much high-caliber talent , yet such torture to watch them flail within their caricatures . When you see the gears grinding , you know the film just is n't working.The DVD offers no great redemption , either . Usually a director 's commentary provides some insights , but the director is so self-important it is hard to listen . I feel for the male production designer who joined her on the commentary track because she interrupts him mercilessly . I think the director 's misandry is showing.So what rescues this movie from the dreaded one star review ? Well , I 'm being benevolent by giving it one more for the wonderful Astaire impression Mel does while dancing to `` Old Blue Eyes '' . He also provides good laughs during his lame attempt to get in touch with his feminine side -LRB- just before receiving his supernatural ability . -RRB- In short , skip this one and buy something worthy like `` A Room with a View '' , `` Roman Holiday '' , `` Bringing Up Baby '' , or `` When Harry Met Sally '' .
 A wretched romantic comedy in which Mel Gibson can suddenly hear women 's thoughts , and changes from a big sexist jerk into a cuddly , sensitive sweetie-pie . It 's not so much the premise that -LSB- stinks -RSB- , but rather the script and its muddled , uninspired execution . It 's actually kind of surprising that a female-led film production could have taken such a simplistic , one-dimensional view of the subject . But , gosh , is n't Mel adorable with those cute baby blues ?
 This DVD takes what was really a wonderful tour and hatchets it up into so many pieces the viewer is never allowed to sit back and enjoy a concert . Every song is followed with 3-5 minutes of hijinx , fawning celebrity interviews , or spaced out ramblings from Brian himself . To make matters worse , the song selection features just about every number Brian covered that was originally sung by Mike Love , ignoring many of the gems Brian performed that he actually originated as lead vocalist . If you saw this tour , this mess of a DVD is a real disapointment .
 I was greatly disappointed to find that I ca n't share this video with all company to my house , especially the kiddies , due to the occasional profanity . Brian Wilson uses the F word once as does Ronnie Spector , and Brian uses `` Go ## ammit '' once . I think Brian uses bad judgement to include the profanity on this DVD , as I really doubt if the use of profanity is going to add to anyone 's impression of him or his DVD , but the profanity and R rating will exclude it from being marketed in the WalMart stores , so he loses a potentially big market there.But the performances and sound are awesome . Brian adds more vocal harmonies and really takes his songs to another level , its just mind blowing . I wish I could get just the songs on CD for when I 'm driving .
 The title suggests that the couple would be spoken of equally . However , this work is much more about the husband than the wife . The wife does n't appear until 35 minutes into the documentary . Still , many documentaries give much more scant treatment to the wives of famous men than this one , so the work can be seen as progressive in ways.Even though C. Lindbergh went on to become a famous daredevil of sorts , this work suggests that he was originally a momma 's boy . He did n't have his first date until he was about 26 years old . Maybe that 's not surprising in the time before a certain 1960s godsend . Still , the Freudian in me is shocked how one body can contain so many masculine and feminine elements . It almost reminds me of how Yukio Mishima went from a very feminine boy to a hypermasculine man.This work will remind people that worshipping celebrities is nothing new . For parents who have lost children to foul play or death , many may relate . Still , I was sympathizing with C. Lindbergh until they said he promoted the Nazis . After that , this work became incredibly painful to watch . Peace to all that promotion of eugenics ! Yes , he may have turned a new leaf when he began to promote environmentalism , but this is no hero of mine . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The first time I watched these years agoI liked them . Today they seem a little outdated ?? Just did not enjoy them really . Thumbs down .
 I like the movie . But this recording is terrible.It is NOT 1080p , and the sound is mostly mono .
 Not sure why none of the reviews are actually for the Ultimate version ? They all seem to be for the basic Dirty Dancing no frills dvd versions . Anyhow , my review is for what 's actually in the title here which is Dirty Dancing Ultimate Edition . Unfortunately this versin is frilless as the extra cd you get is filled w / useless crap that is of total uninterest . You get footage of Jennifer Grey 's screen test which while neat to see for a coupel min ... It goes on forever and gets real boring very fast . I 'd rather had seen Patricks , but that 's not even an option . Then there are a few interviews one beign JG and the other are behidn the scenes people along w / oen other actress in the film and they go on and on for so long that I lost interest after 15 min or so . Other then that the rest is simply the trailer for the film , a coupel music videos and that 's it ! I wanted out takes , interviews w / Patrick as well as Jen and his screen tests etc. . . Not all this filler crap that 's of zero entertainment value . Love this film as I have seen it well into the 100 's at this point counting the numerous times I saw it when it came out in theaters . Do n't pay extra for the Ultimate edition . Luckily I got mine for cheaper then if just buying the regular version off ebay so I wasted no money .
 The stab at Ayn Rand was the only really enjoyable part of this movie . The rest is just flatulance . The songs were good , but would n't you agree that they were a little too 80s to be part of the early 1960s ? Jennifer Grey is believable as the love-struck adolescent ; everyone else is so-so . If you want a good Patrick Swayze film , see `` Ghost . ''
 Dvd does not work in my samsung blu-ray player ... . Just keeps trying to load ... Very disappointed . Would have order a replacement , but saw that somebody else had the same issue . So why bother.JUST WANTED TO LET EVERYBODY KNOW WHO HAD THIS PROBLEM THAT THE DVD DOES WORK . YOU HAVE TO GO TO SAMSUNG 'S WEBSITE AND DO THE UPDATE FOR YOUR BLU-RAY PLAYER . AFTER WE DID THE UPDATE BLU-RAY DVD WORKED GREAT .
 I sent this as a gift and did not realize that the disc was blueray and the recipient could not play it o her machine . Had re-sell it and wil have to get another one . I have seen the movie many times and have always enjoyed it .
 I received my Dirty Dancing Keepsake edition DVD in a timely manner . Since I was busy with my job , I did n't get to view it right away . When I did play it on my laptop , only the 2nd DVD would play , the one with all the interviews and information on how they made the movie , etc. . I then went to play the actual movie and it would not play on my laptop . When I got home that night , I put the DVD in my TV/DVD player . Sure enough it would not play in that machine either.As of this writing , this issue has not yet been resolved with Amazon . I have purchased many movies through Amazon and this is the first time I 've ever run into a problem like this . Hopefully my Keepsake edition will be replaced soon and at no cost to me . Time will tell whether I purchase future movies at Amazon .
 this film was okay but by no means worthy of all the hype.Jennifer Gray is a weak actress.as for Patrick Swayze he is a 2nd tier dancing John Travolta knock off.catchy but nothing that merits all the Love it got .
 Basically , a nice , wholesome girl from a good , caring family looses her virginity to a male prostitute , helps a female prostitute get an illegal abortion -LRB- which almost kills her -RRB- then WONDERS and is ANGRY about why her father is worried about her and does n't want her going near the aforementioned people.Well duh ... The soundtrack is decent ; I suppose that 's worth another star
 I ordered DVD Dirty Dancing expecting it to be used in Uk and find it is not compatible with UK player although purchased in GBP
 i ordered the `` dirty dancing '' dvd , the description online said it was the fullscreen version . when it arrived it was the widescreen version . i do not care for movies in the widescreen . i have checked back since i got my order and it is still being advertised as the `` fullscreen version . i love the movie and always have , that 's why i ordered it in dvd . i really think it should be advertised as it really is so other people do n't get the wrong product like i did
 Had a big problem streaming the video . The video would get stuck every few minutes . We did n't even get to finish watching the movie , which stinks , because I paid $ 1.99 to watch it . : - -LRB-
 I ordered , paid and the movie did n't download , never got to watch it . One of my favorite movies . Was going to watch while husband was hunting , we were camping in our new camper , camp site had Internet we were connected to everything , email , Iheart , but could n't get movie : -LRB-
 First , the movie , the story , the characters are all wonderful , they get 5 stars . This Blu-ray , it gets a 1 star -LRB- I wish I could give it less -RRB- . A common issue with early blu-ray discs are lack of qualtiy . The color , graininess and `` WIDESCREEN '' on this Blu-ray are all a joke . Talking to the people who did the work on this Blu-ray ; if you 're going to transfer garbage then all you 're going to get is 1080p , hi-def garbage ! Whoever did the work on this Blu-ray release does not know what they are doing and most likely did not care . The skin tones go from just OK to bright pink and even orange -LRB- we 're talking skin tones that would make an Oompa-loompa jealous -RRB- . The transfer is also dark , lacking all the great details that the movie is known for , leaving those of us who watch this film with a less than full -LRB- forget about `` BEYOUND HIGH DEFINITION '' -RRB- experience . The graininess on every version of this film is bad and this Blu-Ray is no exception , it is very distracting . Then , finally , the `` WIDESCREEN '' part of my review , the back of the Blu-ray tells us that it is 16x9 or 1.85.1 - DUH ! The thing is Blu-ray , of course it is widescreen ! Not to mention that they stretched the whole thing , the people look like they 've all been on a mid-evil torture device.My advice is to stick with the `` Ultimate '' version of the movie on DVD and watch it though your Blu-ray player 's up-converter feature . You will end up with a much more enjoyable experience
 Was it the long polka-dot hot pink shirt with the belt around it ? Was it the leotards ? Was it `` The Time of My Life , '' Johnny 's final number ? I ca n't remember , but at some point you remember that this is n't really the '60s . Oh , it was Baby 's hair . Nobody puts her Aqua Net in the corner!I watched this flick for the first time ever , after having some weird compulsion that told me that everyone else in my generation had seen it . Now I know why I should have seen it when it came out - when I was in elementary school.Can anyone actually call this a good movie with a straight face ? Now , I know I risk getting `` unhelpful '' votes because of my unpopular opinion , but you got ta realize that a 25-year-old man in 2004 may not have the same sort of feelings a 14-year-old girl would have in 1987 . This movie is silly , unrealistic , and lacks any real conflict . I waited almost two hours to hear Swayze 's most famous line . I was surprised that Baby was literally sitting in the corner . Maybe she likes to see everybody . I always sit in the corner in restaurants.Anyway , I 'm giving it 2 stars for 2 reasons
 I have a Samsung Blu-Ray , and the BR disc of the 20th Anniversary version of Dirty Dancing . The picture quality of the movie is just awful , particularly on the indoor scenes . Faces and backgrounds were almost fuchsia , almost always . I did not adjust my TV color , since all of the `` extras '' , including extended scenes , outtakes , and deleted scenes were perfect quality . What a pity . My first BR disc purchase and such a disappointment . The manufacturer should be ashamed.Dirty Dancing -LRB- 20th Anniversary Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 Ordered for delivery for Christmas but after order was told it would not be delivered by Christmas . It was confirmed at purchase time to be delivered before Christmas . Now I have to go back out and find it in a store and then try and return this one to Amazon . Not much fun ...
 I think the title is enough said but never received movie and no contact to refund or fix the problem until i filed claim with amazon !
 On 4/13/09 I ordered 2 dvds -LRB- Flashdance and Dirty Dancing -RRB- . I received Flashdance almost immediately , but to this day , I have never received Dirty Dancing . I just received my bank statement this week and Amazon withdrew funds for both movies -LRB- Flashdance - $ 6.43 / Dirty Dancing - $ 22.94 -RRB- on 4/14/09 . Please help me straighten this out.Laurie Mobilia
 I bought this blue-ray disc , it keeps on spinning -LRB- with the logo of a few wheels turning with the word `` Loading '' -RRB- , and never finish loading , and never get to the menu to play the content . Does anybody have the same problem ?
 Tchoh , this is one of those stupid movies that really annoys me . I mean , let 's get right down to it - it 's RUBBISH , OK ? Everyone knows it , yet mention it to a certain demographic of empty-headed girls and they all cluck and sigh and say how much they love it etc. . Fools.For the record , The Curmudgeon is not some stony-hearted macho man . Hey , probably my all time favourite movie is Wizard Of Oz . But we 're not here to talk about the good stuff , remember -LRB- read my profile -RRB- - only the bad . And oh man , is this ever bad.It 's not the dancing I resent - I do n't mind that . It 's some of the stupid plot devices that really grate on me , and they 're the ones that usually get the girls all gooey and resting their cheeks on their hands.Plot device one - Patrick Swayze blubs at the end of this movie because of all the sex he gets . Yep , he 's actually UPSET about the amount of MILFS he manages to pull in the job he has . `` They just use me '' , he sniffs . OH BOO HOO - Poor you . Sorry , we 're supposed to FEEL for this character ? Did those women FORCE him to bang them all ? Give me a break.Plot device two - one of the girls gets pregnant sleeping around . Whoops , well , that 's what happens . Nothing wrong with a bit of a moral in the tale here and there . But - girl gets abortion , so - abortion girl crys , the lead girl crys , Swayze looks `` deep '' - alright . But - NEXT SCENE -LRB- !! -RRB- Swayze and lead girl are in his house dancing - cue romantic music - cue first kiss - cue sex scene . Yes , nothing like an abortion to get you in the mood for more casual , pre-maritial sex . JUST the sort of thing we want to shove down the throats of the impressionable 12 year old girls watching . `` Nobody puts baby in the corner '' , quothe old plasticine face at the end . Fair enough - put this crap there instead , and crush it into oblivion.The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 i do n't like dance movies in the first place , so it was really hard for me to enjoy this.actually , i did n't enjoy it .
 `` Nobody puts babay in a corner . '' That one line doomed an already bad film to the garbage heap .
 I must be one of the few people on the face of the planet that ca n't stand this movie . I do n't care about that fact either because nothing could convince me to put up with this boring old movie again . I had the misfortune of seeing this some time ago , and even more misfortune of seeing the stage show . Boring . I 'd rather pull my eyelashes out one by one or something equally as torturous . I know I 'm not going to convince many people about this mundane tired movie , but I feel better having said my peice and maybe I could save someone from the pain .
 I 'm assuming that if you are looking to buy this title on DVD , you have seen it before or at least been told a lot about the movie ... So , I 'm not going to write about the story or anything like that . This is geared more towards a movie collector.The description on Amazon.com and the box itself indicates that this is just a great DVD for collectors . It has tons of extra features -LRB- which I know we all go for -RRB- Some of the features listed are featurettes , music videos , commentaries and the like . It , of course has all these , and more.However , Artisan apparently wanted to boost sales by printing a new DVD collector 's title but did n't want to put the money into it . ALL of the special features are of VERY poor video quality -LRB- most looking like they were encoded from a VHS tape -RRB- and the audio quality on these extras is n't much better . Very disappointing to say the least!To top it off , the movie itself is of less than good quality . Especially seeing that this film was `` remastered '' and rereleased a year or so ago ! The video quality is better than VHS , but no better than SVHS and it seemed to me that the contrast of the transfer was way to high . Things are blurry when they should n't be and the transfer , at times looks digitized -LRB- LOW bit rate to save space ! -RRB- The only decent things about this disc are the movie itself -LRB- I suppose I would still rather own this DVD copy than a VHS copy -RRB- and the AUDIO for the film sounds pretty good - not great , but pretty good.Basically , what I am saying is that if you really like this movie and are a DVD person like myself , buy it - but do n't expect to be awed by the presentation !
 I had high hopes for this Bluray as I love this movie . I figured a new AVC transfer would bring this disk back to life after suffering the SD DVD bad transferrs I already have.It was not to be . The movie is soft and washed out . There has been a large amount of electronic grain reduction undertaken that has bascially destroyed the PQ by sofetning the entire image and crushing the blacks in some scenes to the point where the picture look posterized.While still better than a DVD it is a disaster . Lionsgate should chastised for failing to use this bluray as an opportunity to present this movie as it should have been.If you take a look at the deleted scenes , you will see how good the transfer could have been . These are much better than the movie itself as the intense video processing to remove grain hasnt been done.Liongate , You wrecked this movie and are now on my watch list for future transfers which I have to investigate closely before spending my money on your product . You should be ashamed.On an up side note . The Audio quality is excellent with the PCM sound track.It worked first time in my Samsung 1200 Bluray player .
 I have notified amazon about this issue already . This NOT a Blu-ray Disk.The Collector 's Edition Blu-Ray Does not Exist.The Blu-Ray 20th Anniversary Edition Does ... Linked BelowDirty Dancing -LRB- 20th Anniversary Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- The UPC Number for this DVD is 012236100027 . . http://www.upcdatabase.com/item/012236100027You will be very sad if you order this product thinking its the Blu-Ray Version . .
 Beware !!!! If you are a ` Dirty Dancing ' fan you will realize this edition has some scenes that are missing from the original movie . I 'm extremely disappointed in this DVD . I tried to find the edition that had all the scenes , knowing there was one like this out there . No one stated in the reviews that the movie had been edited . I watch this one anyway just because I do n't want to take a chance on ordering another one and have the same thing happen again . I would gladly pay the money for a complete movie , but no one seems to state this in the reviews . Order a different version !!!
 Okay , now you know my alltime unfavorite 80 's movie . Sure its set in the early 60 's - then tell me why the hell are they dancing to 80 's songs ? I almost shelved Patrick Swayze after this one but he was redeemed by Roadhouse . This movie could only be enjoyed by a pack of prepublescent girls at a slumber party who are wondering what its like to lose their virginity . And am I the only one who thinks that Jennifer Gray is a total dog ? Sure she 's got a hot body but that face ! UGGG ! That is the one thing that kept this movie from scorring with the guys in my opinion . Skip it , rent roadhouse instead . Better plot , better chicks !
 i was disappointed ... i wanted widescreen presentation ... i got full screen ... very very angry of you ... . the box said widescreen movie . . the best way to see any movie ... i love this movie . .
 If you 've ever seen any truly inspired or exuberant dancing you 'll find this film very run of the mill . The script is very predictable with characters that are n't particulary sympathic or endearing.To see some good dancing check out ` Dance with Me ' with Chayanne and Vanessa Williams .
 when we recieved this product it looked ok , but when it was played , it skipped , we were not happy at all , cost too much to return so take it for its worth , ty and no , i didnt try to contact the dealer , maybe they would have maDE IT GOOD TY MUCH
 Patrick Swayze has appeared in a number of worthwhile movies and some corny ones , too . Swayze 's two biggest pictures fall in that corny category - GHOST and , of course , DIRTY DANCING . Fans who like the actor in such silliness should take a look at his better films , including POINT BREAK , THE OUTSIDERS and ROADHOUSE , even if Ben Gazzarra upstaged him the latter .
 Old movie so the quality is poor but it is informative about the llfe of Handel . I would play it on something other than a computer to improve quality a bit .
 My one star is more for what I 've been through with this title , which looks to be another great set from Warners - not that I 'd actually be able to tell you from being unable to look inside!I purchased this item recently - along with the Classic Comedies -LRB- Briging Up Baby , Philadelphia Story , etc -RRB- and Classic Musicals -LRB- Easter Parade , The Band Wagon , etc -RRB- box sets as Amazon listed them at a third off and I 'd had them on my wish list for a long time . All three sets turned up in very poorly packaged conditions , but the Classic Comedies was a passable acceptance -LRB- I would n't have taken one home from a store in the condition it was in , but there you go -RRB- . I wrote to Amazon about Rooney & Garland and the Classic Musicals collections , asking for replacements . These both came -LRB- at a little more cost to me than I had originally paid , the reason for buying them -RRB- , and were arguably in even worse condition , even though the packaging this time was sturdy boxes . I then wondered if Amazon was selling off damaged or `` second hand '' stock at the reduced prices . I 've been an Amazon customer for many years and never had a series of purchases turn up in such a state.They have now commendedly refunded my money on Rooney & Garland and the Classic Musical boxes -LRB- I did n't complain about the Classic Comedies , but that was n't in the best shape either -RRB- and have said they will review their stock on these , barring me from actually buying them again . Now I am still left without decent editions of these boxes and will probably have to pay top price again for them.I hate having to complain as I otherwise have nothing but good comments for Amazon and how they deal with any issues , but in this case , and being invited to report on my experience , I thought I had better point this out to other potential purchasers of these collections . Bottom line
 Even Mickey Rooney has to admit that it was his privilege to work with Judy Garland . She is the authentic star . And what of the grandfinale of Girl Crazy ? Stages by Busby Berkeley , musical direction by Roger Edens , orchestration by Conrad Salinger -LRB- these ar the names that matter -RRB- , Garland sings the Gershwins ' I Got Rhythm . A defining moment of popular music as it used to be written , and has long since gone wawy .
 A horrible movie which makes Dull & ordinary -LRB- with the exception of sex -RRB- one of the most complex writers/individuals that Ireland has produced . If cinematography alone is your sole requisite in a film by all means buy the DVD . One good aspect of the movie ; Ewan & Susan Lynch 's rendition of ` The Lass of Aughrim ' ... but you can download that .
 Writers ' life fascinates moviemakers . We had `` Tom and Viv '' dealing with T S Eliot ; and recently `` Total Eclipse , '' too . Now we have a story of James Joyce and his wife Nora.To be precise , Nora was not legally a wife during the time of her life the film depicts -LRB- though much later they married in 1931 -RRB- , but the point is clear . The film is about Nora , strong-willed woman whose presence is supposed to influence the life of Joyce , and vice versa . And her name happens to remind us of Ibsen 's heroine . As to describing a strong woman in a male-dominating time and place , the film succeeds , thanks to Susan Lynch 's deft performance , which vividly realizes the invincible will of a woman whose presense tends to be overshadowed by the great writer of the 20th century.However , the flaws of the film seem to obliterate its merits . The greatest problem is that we are not allowed to know much about the nature of the relationships between Joyce and Nora . In short , what part of Joyce , a man , attracted her so much ? During the tempestuous relationships between the two leads , there is few key-moment that accounts for the intense love-hate emotional ride between them ; so , we watch they love , they fight , they part , and they reconcile , but no development of the characters is seen . Consequently , the film looks too episodic ; sporadically engages our mind , but jumps to the next scene without a reasonable step of the story . It is regrettable , because there is still interesting facts that are introduced during the film -- for example , Joyce briefly was involved in movie theater business -- but these facts are soon forgotten , never fully explained . What is worse , Joyce 's complex relationships with Ireland , which should never be ignored when we talk about him , fails to be fully explored in spite of the good use of period costume and location . The couple leave Ireland to go to Italy , the film surely shows , but you can not describe an image of Joyce , who had deep , complicated feelings towards Ireland , without convincingly showing the cultural difference between the two countries . The last point is the weakest part of `` Nora . `` I think Ewan McGregor is not bad though fans of Joyce might think otherwise , considering him a little miscast . After all , life of a writer is a difficult topic to handle
 What a travesty this thing is ! More of a blend of As The World Turns & one of John Ford 's more embarassing quasi-Irish efforts than anything having to do with Joyce & any part of his existence . There is no passion , no intensity & ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE OF LANGUAGE -LRB- in a movie purporting to be about James Joyce ! -RRB- . The performances are shallow & contemporary , which is probably as much as most movie audiences will ever ask of it . Shame !!!
 although ewan mcgregor is my ultimate favorite actor in the entire world . . i have to say that this was a terrible movie . and yes . . sadly , ewan co-produced it ! < i do n't why he would ever sign to be co-producer of THAT film . . it should have been moulin rouge ! > So back to the movie . . I hated Susan Lynch in this film . has she ever heard of shaving ? I know this is back in the day so I 'll give her that much . But she was a little TOO hairy for me . This movie is really graphic and it shows a lot of uh . . stuff . Ewan was so cute in it ! But I think there could have been a better Nora picked . This is definitlely an erotic film like the actual overview says . the reason why i gave this film only 1 star is because it was so hard to follow ! i figured out in the middle that time was jumping VERY fast . they should have dates as subtitles . It jumped ahead quickly , it was too graphic , and overall . . it 's probably one of the worst films i have ever seen . sorry ewan !!!
 I bought this DVD . I did n't really like it . 1 . It does n't show the first part of the theme . Also , on each episode , it has the same credits at the end all the time . You would n't know who the guest stars were . It also does n't include the real theme song . The picture was n't so good , same with the sound . I did like the extras , but the 20 episodes were n't worth it . I reccommend you buy the `` Beverly Hillbillies Ultimate Collections '' volume 1 & 2 . That has the theme song , real credits . Better quality .
 Very rough video . Looks like it was taped off of someone 's TV ... Very noisy and blurry . Love the episodes but not the quality ...
 Do n't be fooled , this is a cheap public domain copy of Beverly Hillbillies episodes ; hence they do not contain the original music -LRB- Ballad of Jed Clampett , etc -RRB- . and the sound and picture quality are abyssmal , not to mention the product stamp on every frame of the disc . If you 're a true affectionado of the Hillbillies try `` The Ultimate Collection '' discs as they were produced by the estate of Paul Henning the creator of the show . Only the first two volumes have been released and hopefully a company will release genuine episodes as opposed to these public domain ripoffs .
 `` The Beverly Hillbillies Collection '' is plastered in the lower-right corner of the screen during the show.The Theme by Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs missing as well.What a shame .
 I own The Jack Benny Collection from this company : Passport Video . It has plastered in the bottom of the screen : `` THE JACK BENNY COLLECTION '' and it was very distracting ! I knew what I was watching , for heaven 's sake ! Oh , well !
 Sad to say the pictures are rather blur . Sound is ok.All my other DVDs from Amazon have better quality . Wonder why this one is so bad .
 Alien Lockdown has a plot which is about as formulaic as it gets . The movie is about a secret research base who uses an alien artifact to genetically design a monster they hope to eventually control and make into a weapon . Off course the monster escapes and begins killing everything that moves and the army send in some black ops soldiers to deal with the problem . There is even some corrupt army officers and a mad scientist with a God complex . Now this is the plot to who know how many movies and it is the plot to Alien Lockdown , there is nothing new here , they have just taken the cookie cutter script of monster causes havoc at remote research base , given it a touch of personalization and run with it.I think this is the main problem with Alien Lockdown , not the cookie cutter plot , that is okey you get what you expect with this movie , the problem is that there is just no effort put into any part of this film . The acting is lackluster it seams like the actors where just plain bored , the costumes , sounds , music everything just feels like they did what they had to so that the movie would be watchable , but no one have really had any passion for the movie . Now I do not think about things like the characters running past the same staircase twice when trying to escape the monster , the movie is not a big budget production if they have to cut a few corners and try to make their set look bigger than it really is I am fine with that , I am more thinking about how everything is acceptable but not beyond that . The movie makers wanted to just press out a movie which would earn them a few bucks and be watchable enough so folks would buy it and as long as it passed that line they just did not give a * beep * about anything else.Like I said Alien Lockdown is watchable . Yes there is plot holes big enough for the monster to crawl though but all in all the story works , it have a bit of suspense , it is by no means a masterpiece but at least for me Alien Lockdown kept me entertained for the about one and a half hours it lasted . I do not recommend getting this movie at full price , but if you manage to find it cheap like I did then I think it is worth it . Yes Alien Lockdown is mediocre , formulaic trash but on an evening when you are just bored and want to see a monster rip soldiers to shreds it might just do the trick.One thing positive about the movie I want to mention is the monster , first off all I like to see a creature made with prosthetics instead of computer graphics , and also the genetically engineered beastie in this movie actually look pretty good . Yes sure it looks like they have crossed a Xenomorph , a Predator and an alligator but it moves well and I think it is designed pretty well . Now a well designed monster can not save a trashy movie but give credit where credit is due.All in all Alien Lockdown is trash bit it is entertaining trash . It is the kind of movie where just make a big bowl of popcorn , have a pizza on the table and sit with friends and laugh as stereotypical characters get picked off one by one . There are allot of better creature features out there but there is allot of worse ones to .
 This movie is a watchable Alien knock-off . It looks like a made for TV movie that was probably shown on the SCIFI channel . It has a heavy mix of CGI and live shots , most likely to keep costs down.But , the bottom line for me is that it 's simply not interesting . It 's a low budget film with flat uninteresting characters that relies heavily on cheap CGI to establish set placement . The funny thing is that if I saw this playing on TV I would change the channel because of the low budget production . So , why in the world would I want it in my DVD collection ... This is a perfect example of a low budget movie that is bad , and do n't get me wrong , I like low budget films . Low budget independant films give filmmakers chances to really explore their creativity . That 's not the case here .
 This film poses an important question
 It became very apparent in this film that the government does control this facet of our media . I did n't quite see it at first , but as the film progressed I could see the embarrassing tactics of the government trying to be implanted onto the minds of our youth and sci-fi aficionados . I walked away from Alien Lockdown -LRB- possibly should have been running -RRB- with a stronger knowledge of how I should be a soldier . Here are the rules -LRB- from watching this film -RRB-
 It 's just so bad!Since I 'm the first review , I 'll spend a little more time summarizing the movie , rather just saying how bad it is . The movie explains that a long time ago , a meteor crashed into earth , and in the center of the crater was a green stone . Then throughout the centuries , men fought for possession of the stone because they believed that whoever carried it would have an invincible army , and they were right . It was as if the stone had some sort of magical power . Anyways , over time the stone disappeared , until now . Fast forward to today . The stone is unearthed in an archeological dig in some desert someplace and then taken to a secret underground lab someplace where it is unveiled that they have genetically engineered some sort of super creature . Anyways , the creature gets out , kills everybody , and the lab is locked down , hence the catchy title . An assault team is sent in to find out what happened , and they discover a couple of survivors and piece together that they created this beast as a weapon and now it 's on the loose . Sounds pretty cool . Yeah , that 's what I though after seeing the trailer . WRONG ALL WRONG!The movie is completely bad . There 's just no way to explain it any better . It had all the elements to be a cool story . I mean , after all , since it pretty much just copied cool parts from a hundred other stories , it should have been cool . But it was n't . Not one of the characters is likeable , so you could care less as they are picked off one by one . It should also bother anybody watching this that the `` creature '' is VERY similar to the alien , but with the face from the predator . But to say this was an alien-predator rip-ff would still give it more credit than is deserved . The actors are all cold and un-emotional . The story is FILLED to the brim with inconsistencies . Does the stone have magical powers ? If they used the code on the stone for the creatures DNA , then why or how did the doctor infuse his DNA into the creatures ? And why did the one creature ignore him and not kill him , but then the other ones actually attack him ? Did n't the helicopter pilots wonder why their boss did n't come back ? Of course , you probably have no idea what I 'm talking about , but trust me , these are just a few pretty big details that are messed up.I knew this movie would n't be great going into it , but I thought it would at least slightly entertaining . WRONG ALL WRONG :-RRB- Stay away from this one . Hope this helps.I will say this one positive thing . I honestly gave this movie 1 star . Usually when I put 1 star , the movie is really worth zero stars or less , but amazon wo n't allow that . This movie is a genuine 1 star flick .
 When I first heard about the creation of the Sci Fi Channel , launched in 1992 , I had high hopes of a network catering to science fiction aficionados showing , and perhaps even producing , some of the best material within the genre ... perhaps I expected too much . They do , on occasion , show some classic stuff , but their original programming , in terms of films , has left something to be desired as exemplified by the film Alien Lockdown -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , which is essentially just a mishmash of material taken from other , more popular science fiction/action films released some twenty years ago , namely James Cameron 's popular 1986 feature Aliens and John McTiernan 's Predator -LRB- 1987 -RRB- . Directed by Tim Cox -LRB- Larva , Mammoth -RRB- , the film features Michelle Goh -LRB- Out for a Kill -RRB- and James Marshall , who had a decent turn in the blockbuster A Few Good Men -LRB- 1992 -RRB- in the role as Pfc. Louden Downey , one of the two soldiers on trial for murder -LRB- the white guy -RRB- . Also appearing is T.M. Van Ostrand , who is also one of the five , count ` em , five , writers on this film , Atanas Srebrev -LRB- Shark Attack 3
 Oh , you silly Mad Military Scientists ... when will you ever learn ? How many experiments have to go awry ? Why do you continue to use genetic manipulation and MavGyver technology to build creatures that are meant to be the new `` Ultimate Weapon '' ? Going by movies like this one , you 'd think that somehow a rampant lizard-ape - thing would be more effective than a nuclear bomb . But these silly Mad Military Scientists ca n't ever seem to even keep their eye on these creatures long enough to unleash them on the enemy . Their creations invariably escape and start running around , and the Silly Mad Military Scientists watch with a mixture of horror and admiration as their reptilian problem child rips through battalions of screaming army folks.The latest entry in the Saga of the Silly Mad Military Scientists : ALIEN LOCKDOWN!So , the Mad Scientist in this one is played by John Savage , who meanders through the movie with a confused look on his face , as if he 's wondering where Jessica Alba went to and why his agent agreed to let him do this NuImage movie . He 's building some kind of alligator-alien-guy and ... get ready for the spoiler ... . it escapes!Enter the screaming soldiers ! Yay!These guys rush into the fray as if they 've never seen a movie about a genetic experiment gone bad ! With so much gusto ! They do a lot of military-style chatter that was probably meant to make the movie feel `` gritty '' or `` real '' . There are also a couple of heartwarming moments where the soldiers take time out from the battle to tell each other about their more human side . It 's supposed to make you care more about them , I think . I was reminded of Phoebe Cates in Gremlins when she starts talking about how her dad got stuck in the chimney on Christmas Eve and died . Honestly , I do n't understand why people in these movies decide to start divulging their deepest , darkest secrets at the worst possible moment . Anyway , so these screaming soldiers take time from being killed to discuss their issues with each other.John Savage continues to admire his creation , and he seems to be trying to channel the Brad Dourif character from Alien
 If Alien vs. Hunter was an obvious rip off of the first Aliens vs. Predator , Alien Lockdown is a rip off of its sequel Requiem . The plot has more in common with Species - scientists discover an extraterrestrial stone and use it to create a killing machine `` to replace ground troops . '' Surprise , surprise , the thing gets loose , killing most of the scientists in the top-secret government glacier base . Enter our victims , a top commando team whose purpose is to show how ineffective Earth 's puny weapons are against the genetically mutated menace.It 's surprising how much Alien Lockdown talks . And talks . And talks . Be it the narrator blathering on about the stupid green stone , lead scientist Woodman -LRB- John Savage -RRB- describing how the pinnacle of killing perfection that is the `` alien , '' or computer geek Charlie Dryfus -LRB- James Marshall -RRB- whining about how all their efforts are futile , Alien Lockdown is eager to convey its plot in great detail . It 's awfully insecure for a movie about a monster eating people.The monster in question is a hybrid between a Predator and Alien . It has the overall body structure of the Alien and the head of the Predator , a lot like the Predalien from AVP
 Trouble Bound -LRB- 1993 -RRB- scores points for entertainment value and aconvincing dream-like quality to the story from a litany ofimplausible situations and risible events.It also has a hip and joyful soundtrack from start to finish , resminicent of numbers from Johnny Guitar Watson or Guitar Slim , other mini-moog and Miles Davis Quintet numbers , etc.This is a road movie , comprising various elements , ranging fromtexas hold 'em poker games , provocative strippers , bar fist fights , a beating victim in the trunk needing to be disposed of , and atreasure hunt for a high roller 's stash of cash , in between mobgang rivalry.The picture is also a comedy of sorts , not shy in actively urgingviewers see the lighter side of various absurd yet lethalconfrontations , some with gunplay , or concerning the rapportbetween Michael Madsen 's character , -LRB- a decent card player -RRB- , andPatricia Arquette chatterbox , 18 year old character , somehowshowing a juvenile set of mind , reminiscent in some ways to KateWinslet.Billy Bob Thornton and Seymour Cassel add texture to the story , andmore credibility.The humor does well , often from over the top situations , such asthe meeting held between Arquette and her grandma - the appearancealmost a parody of the original Godfather movie from itssuddenness or clear-break at a mansion estate in the context ofthe action . Another example is the exaggerated profanity which isrisible , especially in the gangland climax of the movie , and takenin context with a large number of comical earlier moments.This movie could have been improved with a wide-screen , but itis n't the case as it seems designed for the high school crowd basedon the dialog , although the story is more mature than that , centering on the underworld , gambling , showgirls , the mob , etc.In sum , this is an obviously entertaining Hollywood and TV stylemovie , underlining an imaginary world , comical , relaxed andappealing to the child in every man and woman . Worth seeing .
 I guess thats what happened , everything ive see from him sucks , the hunted was ok , but other then that i guess he ran out of ideas or something . This movie is too short to tell a story , it feels incomplete , the performances are average at best -LRB- Gene as done better -RRB- , the so called fast pace isnt there -LRB- its boring for an 1 hour and 40 minute which is way too short -RRB- , there is one half decent sniper chase other then that there is some bad jokes , bad music , bad camera work , and a poor attempt at a story . For some reason a women pushing a baby carrage gets shot during the only half decent scene of the movie which was basically 110 % underplayed and he just walks away without so much as seeing if she is dead or not , i guess it was supposed to be shocking or gritty or dramatic but it felt like an afterthought . Bad film making overall . Like I said Willy must have used all his talent on the masterpiece known as The Exorcist , without a doubt his best movie . Everything else he made feels like he just got lazy and didnt even try to make a good movie with any quality whatsoever . Maybe if somebody would just tell him about caffiene , and give him a good script , we might see another movie that is actually somewhat entertaining . 1 out of a 10 for a half decent sniper chase , the ending is also bad because i thought he shot himself but after that it says he was fired or something like that , whatever .
 -LRB- NOTE
 I 'm afraid I have to agree with other reviewers of this Blu Ray version of William Friedkin 's masterpiece . It looks awful a large part of the time , which completely ruins the other times when it shines.Ironically , the problem lies in the film 's strength - its gritty portrayal of New York and the drug culture taking a grip of it in the early Seventies . The Director wanted realism - not just in his actor 's performances , but literally how their New York playground looked - so he went for that . Movements are blurry , alleyways are hazy , characters are observed from an out-of-focus distance -LRB- aping what Popeye Doyle sees -RRB- - everything 's grimy and washed out - matching the film 's down and dirty feel.Unfortunately when you get outside of the sunny Marseilles sequences and into the seedy bars and restaurants of the Big Apple - the Blu Ray picture resembles worn out videotape - it 's really awful . Which is such a shame , because as you watch it again - but this time on the big screen - you realize what a blindingly fabulous film `` The French Connection '' is - and how it deserved so much better than this.In fairness to Fox , the opening credits are squeaky clean - no lines , no scuffs , nothing - no print remains that clean after 38 years , so some restoration has to have been done . Unfortunately when you get to the street action - instead of enhancing the watch - the Blu Ray only makes the deliberately grainy effect look even worse.Half way through it - I could n't stand to look at it anymore - I turned it off ... Unless you absolutely must own this , rent it first before wasting your hard-earned on yet another dog on this increasingly frustrating format ... What a disappointment .
 if this is the best transfer for a blue ray product the studio shold be ashamed of itself . I compared it to the original and guess which one was better .
 As with most movies based on real life , this movie is a poor recreation of the original . The real French connection refers to a trans-Atlantic heroin trade with roots in the Cold War , organized crime and the CIA . The history begins in the 1950 's . As the Iron Curtain descends on Eastern Europe , communist parties throughout the rest of Europe make gains in local and national politics . Their rise is most noticeable in France where they poll well in elections . In response , the US CIA allies itself with members of France 's organized crime network to undermine the French communists in ways both illegal -LRB- by both French and American laws -RRB- and immoral . The CIA gets willing henchmen in France , and in exchange they turn a blind eye towards other illicit activities such as heroin smuggling . Some believe the CIA even aided the drug trade , but this is still a point of contention . The heroin smuggled from the Port of Marseilles arrives in East coast cities such as New York . One major effect is the corruption of the New York Police Department.This movie leaves out the CIA , the Cold War fight , and even the police corruption , and focuses solely on the contact and ensuing conflict between several of the heroin smugglers and two US cops , Buddy and Popeye . The former is careful , by-the-books , and honest . The latter is reckless , brutal , violent , and a womanizer . When released , this movie was groundbreaking in the level of violence involved , bad language , its depiction of police life and police officers -LRB- Popeye 's character -RRB- , and was probably the first major movie to revolve around the international drug trade . Watching it now in the 21st movie , the movie is quite boring . The dialog is meager in quantity and poor in quality . The violence is actually tame . The car chase scenes were soon surpassed in excitement by those in the Blues Brothers -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . The character development is minimal and the portrayal of the criminal life is also minimal . Even the archetypal relationship between the reckless cop and the by-the-books cop has been recreated better in movies such as Training Day and Lethal Weapon . In fact , the movie seems to be one long series of gunfights between good guys and bad guys . It sure says a lot about movie quality back in the early 1970s if this movie could get so many Academy Awards . Not worth the time to watch it or the money to rent/buy it .
 I was disappointed with this film , having heard all the good reviews . The chase scene really is n't that spectacular . I could not believe it when I saw this garbage beat out A Clockwork Orange for best picture ! For a better action flick , check out Dirty Harry ; It has a much better chase scene which involves Clint Eastwood riding on the roof of a school bus .
 C'mon people ! How fun is it to watch a racist , lewd , borrish , and dumb person beating up people for no -LRB- ... -RRB- reason . As little as possible . All the film does is show two unorthadox sleep in car all night , hold up bars just because there are black people there , and reapeatedly getting the same food as 24 minutes ago . And a point that should go out , THERE IS NO CAR CHASE ! Just someone chasing a train ! I will end by saying that this trashy film deserved no oscars ! BYE !
 Do n't be a sheep and listen to all the reviews about how great this movie is , because it is n't . The movie is very slow , the action is not as well filmed as newer films , and although on paper the plot sounds fairly intriguing -LRB- a true story of two cops who made the largest heroin bust in US history -RRB- the movie falls pretty flat.Just for a little context on myself , I was born in 1980 , so yes I am a relatively younger viewer . However , I am not a big fan of today 's special effects oriented , plot light action films . In fact , in my opinion , the seventies were the golden age of filmaking.Special effects then were advanced enough to make action seem realistic , -LRB- but had n't gotten so good that directors got carried away with them -RRB- acting had reached its pinnacle after having the method actors firmly entrenched in Hollywood by this time , and plots were still strong -LRB- some would argue weakening in the seventies , in my view they were stronger than the classics , but I can somewhat understand that view -RRB- . But what we have with the French Connection is basically a film which is caught between two eras , and succeeds in neither one . The action is closer to classic cinemotography than modern . The acting is fairly good , but with little plot to carry it -LRB- unless a two hour limping plot to catch the bad guys is a good plot to you . -RRB- The car chase seen is about as overated as overated can be stated without being a cliche . Here I was bored for an hour and a half , waiting for this car chase , and it really was n't filmed that well or was that exciting , hardly the best car chase seen in any movie.If you have nothing but time on your hands and want to see this because everyone else says you should , go ahead . But if you value your time and want to see a film that is both a classic and entertaing , I would suggest the Seven Ups with Roy Scheider . This may be actually be the best car chase in any movie , and although modern movies can film a bit better , I would argue it gives any modern film a run for its money in that department . Also , the film is n't dated , and the plot does n't put you to sleep . Another suggestion would be Serpico , although also slightly dated to the younger viewers , it still manages to keep its edge , and even during its length and slowtimes , you remain engaged.Why this film is so popular is beyond me . I think it is a combination of Gene Hackman 's acting and a cool sounding name for a film , and then everyone jumping on the bandwagon about this being a classic.Go ahead and ignore my review and buy it anyway , but anyone who likes a decent paced film with an engaging plot will wish they listened .
 What was really the big deal about this movie ? Sure , it has 2 of my favorite actors in the cast -LSB- Gene Hackman And Roy Scheider -RSB- but , The movie is quite slow-moving and quite slow-paced for an action film . Here 's the story
 Why did it win 5 oscars ? With a main character that never stops to think about anyone else . A soundtrack so intense it hurts you ears . Half the dialogue is shouting or arguing!Half the film seems to be set either in their car following somebody , or them walking about - still following somebody . The car chase is OK , but it 's so long it loses any intesity it ever had!Overall it 's an OK film , butexpect anything amazing .
 Unfortunately , This particular DVD was of such poor quality that I will have second thoughts about purchasing any DVD 's in the future .
 This DVD was very disappointing because it was not the full movie . It ended in America with the Frenchman returning home . The movie was much longer with Popeye Doyle going to to Paris to follow up on the case . The most exciting and important conclusion of the film was deleted .
 This had to be the most boring cop movie I 've ever seen . Not only was it boring , but I found myself hoping the bad guys got away . The movie was basically about a racist , sadistic cop who spent the whole movie either beating innocent African Americans or chasing a drug dealing ring . No intersting dialogue at all . The only halfway good part was the car chase scene , but when Doyle almost hit a woman crossing the street , I lost interest in the dynamics because it was so thoughtless . Then , if you were n't sleep by then , you get to watch the police tear up a drug dealer 's car for probably 15 minutes . What was really stupid was that they completely ripped the car up , upholstery and all ; however , when the owner picked the car up , it was in tip-top shape . I do n't know what other movies this one was up against for the Acadamey Awards , but surely one of them was better .
 C'mon people ! How fun is it to watch a racist , lewd , borrish , and dumb person beating up people for no f ----- g reason . As little as possible . All the film does is show two unorthadox sleep in car all night , hold up bars just because there are black people there , and reapeatedly getting the same food as 24 minutes ago . And a point that should go out , THERE IS NO CAR CHASE ! Just someone chasing a train ! I will end by saying that this trashy film deserved no oscars ! BYE !
 The French Connection was and remains an immensely entertaining cops and drug smugglers film . The movie is probably best remembered for Gene Hackman 's manic car chase , during which Hackman appears to be oblivious to both his own safety and that of the citizens of the densely populated city he is sworn to protect . However spectacular that scene may have been , it was far down the list of the film 's best moments . These come , ironically , in the slower scenes , such as the unauthorized stakeout during which Popeye and his partner doggedly pursue evidence against a suspected small time drug dealer . All in all , the film is an excellent portrayal of the gritty , dirty world of drug law enforcement.That 's the good news . The bad news is that the print quality of the blu-ray disk is virtually indistinguishable in most scenes from a standard definition DVD . Worse , in some places -LRB- Particularly the night and low light scenes -RRB- the added definition of blu-ray actually seems to emphasize the graininess and soft focus of the film . In short it 's a great movie but an inferior blu-ray product .
 The color scheme that was used for this Blu-ray product looks unnatural and is not true to the original film . The color changes are so pathetic that the Blu-ray production should be called `` The French Disconnection ''
 The picture of the product with Gene Hackman on the cover of the jewel case IS NOT what I received . All I got was the movie in a blank jewel case . Is n't that false advertising ?
 I purchased a DVD of The French Connection , a classic movie , to send to a friend of mine in the UK . Upon receiving it , my friend said it wo n't play on his set.That it will play on only certain sets is n't noted on a DVD , of course . It should be . I now think even less of such manufactured products . In sum , what their producers need is to be tied to a stake and suffer a thorough thrashing with a heavy whip .
 WARNING
 This movie is terrible ! This movie deserves one star for the greatest car chase in film history & the other for Gene Hackman 's performance . `` French Connection '' is very uninteresting & boring at most times . It is not an intelligent movie & the characters are weak .
 Based on the true story of how two New York police detectives , `` Popeye '' Doyle -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- and Buddy Russo -LRB- Roy Scheider -RRB- , uncovered a drug smuggling operation between France and America.Given its five Oscar wins -LRB- including Best Picture , Best Actor and Best Director -RRB- , it appears that , back in 1971 , `` The French Connection '' was considered very highly and even today it still enjoys a very high reputation , but after sitting through this movie , I ca n't , for the life of me , figure out why . With the exception of the ending -LRB- which is a bit of an anti-climax -RRB- , `` The French Connection '' is n't a terrible movie , but it 's not all that great either . The film is slow moving and did n't engage me at all . There is little tension present and the script did n't provide me with any means of relating to or caring about `` Popeye '' Doyle . The car chase , which everyone talks about , is disappointing by modern standards , and although I would agree that Gene Hackman is an Oscar-worthy actor , I do n't think he did anything Oscar-worthy in this film.What makes the reputation of `` The French Connection '' even harder to understand is that it was released the same year as `` A Clockwork Orange '' and `` The Last Picture Show '' , beating both of these films to win its many accolades . I recently saw `` A Clockwork Orange '' for the first time and I was blown away by just how incredible that film is , even more than 40 years after it was made . If `` A Clockwork Orange '' were released today , I am certain that it would be just as highly regarded as it was in 1971 , whereas I doubt that the same thing can be said about `` The French Connection '' . If you do watch this film , keep in mind that , even when it was made , film makers were capable of better .
 Man , what a bore . I watched it because of all the accolades this movie has received over the years . Maybe it was good years ago , but this movie has not aged well at all . I mean , cmon , the whole premise is around $ 500,000 worth of heroin . Please . Even in today 's dollars , that 's a joke . The movie spends 10 minutes watching the cops rip the car apart trying to find where the drugs are stashed . Today , drug traffickers rent 26 foot Ryder trucks to move the stuff around . The vaunted chase scene was ok , but again , it 's nothing special compared to what 's done today.Essentially , almost the entire movie consists of watching a couple unlikeable cops tail bad guys for over an hour . Yawn .
 This movie is almost as old as I am , and it shows . I just do n't have an hour to invest in getting interested in a movie . I just about gave up at the hour mark , but pushed through it . This is just a snoozer of a film.The ending is just ridiculous , there 's no tension , Roy 's character barely speaks . If not for Hackman this movie would n't even be watchable .
 I purchased this movie because it was FINALLY closed captioned so Deaf people like me can FINALLY watch it . I have heard much about this movie and it was one of the few I was anxiously awaiting re-release with captions . Once popping the tape in my VCR , there were NO CAPTIONS at all and I am trying to get in touch with 20th Century Fox regarding this ... If I ca n't watch it , this movie simply deserves no stars at all -LRB- I just was n't able to enter a `` no stars '' field .
 This movie was incredibly boring . The whole movie is basically one long chase scene which is never finished . To jlind555
 I have read the other reviews and think that most of the other reviewers are aging hippies that saw this movie in the '70s when it came out . The music was great and imaginative . The stake out scenes were too long.There was probably 30 minutes during stake outs that had maybe 4-5 pages of dialoge . Anyway the ending was typical of the time like `` Billy Jack '' or Easy Rider '' . Show the cops in a bad light and let the rotten drug dealer get away . I 'm sure it appealed to teenagers back then , but not today where we have 30 + years of hindsight on the drug scene . The mark of a great film is how soon would like to see it again . The answer in this case is never . I would rather get a root canal !
 long winded NY firefighter with a lot of `` I did 's '' and `` I '' , `` I '' , `` I '' . I thought the read was teadious and not very educational .
 Is this what African-American films have to come to these days?This piece of junk has to be one of the lamest Black films to come out in a minute.It 's not really funny and Vivica Fox & Co. seem like they want their check-and that 's it!I do n't blame them 'cause if I was in this dumb movie , I 'd just show up for the check too !
 This movie had too many production issues . Even though I love to watch Vivica Fox , her narration in this movie annoyed the heck out of me . She talked to the camera WAY too much for the movie 's own good . Anthony Anderson was the only character that I truly liked in the movie . His attitude and playful posturings was a refreshing change of pace to the -LRB- numerous -RRB- annoying crying and whining scenes . I have to ask one question to Morris
 This movie is so predictable and boring . I seen this movie so many times before , could n't they have gotten an original plot ! And then the picture quality was bad . It felt like I was watching an 80 's movie .
 I am part of an African-American book and media club . We try to support all A-A entertainment . I was told be another member to go watch this as a movie . Boy was I sorry . DVD is no better.I like Vivica Foxx . But she plays in some lame movies , starting with Booty Call . In this movie , her character kept talking to us -LRB- narrating -RRB- by looking directly into the camera . This was annoying but was sorely needed for a poorly scripted movie . Also , the upclose camera shots of Foxx showed her as an AGING actress , perhaps too old to be Morris Chestnutt 's lover . When will Vivica be a producer/director of films instead of an actress/employee ? This movie was supposed to be funny . But what was funny about Morris Chestnutt receiving -LSB- bad -RSB- advice from his thuggy friends ? Also , I never felt that Foxx/Chestnutt are `` successful '' in this movie . All Chestnutt did was sit behind a desk during `` working hours '' gossipping with his `` homies '' about Foxx . Good example for young Blacks hoping to make it in the corporate world , right ? Oh , and Foxx ? She 's wealthy for no reason . During one of her so-called corporate office scenes , she has to `` sneer '' into the camera again to TELL you she is an executive -- evidence that the script and acting and even background setups were all faulty in this movie.In a leading African American magazine with Fox and Chestnut featured on the cover , Fox mentions her attempt to `` turn out '' Hollywood by being the leading lady of this film . -LRB- Translation
 `` Two Can Play That Game '' operates under the notion that relationships in distress call for a set of rules used to keep the opposite sex under control , only to relinquish this concept by concluding with a shot of our two main characters embracing after ninety minutes of cloyed storytelling and little to no comedic relief . But it 's perfectly okay for the movie to end on a note of heavenly bliss ; after all , when it comes to love , their are no rules . So why have a game ? Better yet , why have this movie?The story is carried by a narration from its main character , Shante -LRB- Vivica A. Fox -RRB- , an advertising executive who believes basically that all men are scum . It would appear that she has every right to hold such a belief
 One has to wonder what good film was n't made for this p.o.s. Too many cliches to count
 not a great movie ... someone made a comment in these reviews about . . `` Have you ever screwed up unintentionally in a relationship ? '' . . and all i can think is please , the guy in this movie goes out with another girl cause he wants to sleep with her , even tho he doesnt want to admit it to himself , but he does admit it to his friend ... he knew what he was doing when he went out with that other girl , it wasnt unintentional , he was a jerk , and he deserved what she put him thru , i found the main actress very funny , and i dont understand why she wanted this jerk back , wont she keep wondering if hes straying ? its kinda sad , if a guy with a g/f that pretty strays , what hope is there ? i suppose not all guys are jerks ... this movie was a rollercoaster , shes showing his whos boss , and he shows her they make eachother jealous , blah blah blah ...
 to me and many others this movie has no point it didnt even deserve the 2 stars the worse movie vivicas been in and the worse movie morris has been in since the brothers just BAD
 The volume is low and even with my Tv turned all the way up I can barely hear it
 The movie has the characters that you liked and scenes that are funny . But I did n't like the story . I am not a game player when it comes to relationships so I had lost interest .
 This Spanish DVD series seemingly look like the canceled Ultimate Uncut series , but this is a very different matter . First , the footages are not the same as they used on the Ultimate Uncut series . It 's the same as the remasterd and cropped footages of the Seasonbox Series . Product Details say that the aspect ratio is 1.33:1 but it 's a lie . Second , the included audio is Spanish ONLY . There 's even no Japanese original audio . Third , there are no menus in the DVD . I do n't understand why the FUNimation is releasing the Spanish series like this . It 's really cheap , but in many ways . You should exercise caution before making a purchase .
 Wow what a dissapointment a big disapointment . I found the trailer funny and could not wait to see this movie and was the movie ever boring and bad . The trailer gives away all the funny moments and all the funny moments are when Uma Thurman 's charactors tells Strepp 's charactor about there sex life . The film is very boring and has hardley no funny moments , it also drags on and on and on . The acting is not that good also . Overall dont waste your time watching this waste of a movie .
 Lovely acting and dear moments in a movie that could have been really good.But , the movie ended ; and , I almost felt sick to my stomach . The two main characters have let their souls die on the ancient , twin altars of religious bigotry and social conformity.Meryl Streep 's part - the antiseptic , re-worked Archie Bunker of the 21st century - is bigoted , hypocritical and professionally corrupt . And , the movie basically laughs and gives it all a pass.Surely , the 60 's were fought in vain .
 This movie sucked , yes i agree that it had it 's funny parts but for the most part it sucked .
 finally got around to watching this film because I 've always been a Huge fan of Meryl Streep 's & heard about the story that has Uma Thurman & Bryan Greenburg in a story of a Relationship between a Older Woman & a Younger Man . the interesting story is that the Younger Man 's Mother happens to be Uma 's character 's Shrink . but the Movie has so many cliches & drags in places . I did n't like how it ended & I felt it could have had more bite in the middle . after a while the film feels run of the mill & a waste of the Talent that was Assembled .
 This movie is extremely boring . All characters are unsympathetic , the material is trivial , and acting is mediocre . It 's probably the cinematic equivalent of watching paint dry .
 This movie was extremely disappointing . I do n't know why it was marketed as a comedy . The only two funny parts of the movie were in the trailer . The rest of the movie was a dramatic softcore porn . Meryl Streep 's performance was terrible . I could n't believe it . She looked very uncomfortable in front of the camera .
 I never thought that Maryl Streep could give a bad performance . It is difficult to believe this is the same actress from Sopjie 's Choice and The French Lt. 's Woman . Oh , well , I guess one stinker in an otherwise glorious career is to be forgiven . Do n't watch unless you are a `` movie masochist . ''
 Wow . A movie about age difference in a relationships . Wow . What an earth-shattering idea ! wow . Add a punch of bored actor and clumsy acting and have one wow of a mediocre movie . I do n't know what bothers me more
 I do n't wish to be insulting , but I did not like this movie for several reasons . I should disclose that I turned it off a little over an hour in . I had no problems with the story , but nothing thus far had lead me to believe that the writer/director had the skills to save the movie . Please be assured , the one-star ranking is not an insult to anyone who liked the movie , made the movie , etc. . Just a measure of how good I thought the movie was .1 -RRB- There was no chemistry whatsoever between the two romantic leads . At the end of their first date , Uma Thurman 's character leans over and says `` I had a really nice time , '' and I had to blink twice . Really ? Did I miss that ? I only heard you giggle awkwardly at an unfunny joke your date made that did n't even come off as cute , and then the date was over .2 -RRB- The dialog is entirely unexpressive . There 's something to be said for giving the actors room to play ball , but too much and it becomes a meandering excursion in futility . At least it was n't corny , with the exception of Bryan Greenberg 's jokes . And many of the characters ' reactions made no sense . Greenberg shows up unnanounced at Thurman 's work , barges into a private area , acts like a jerk to someone who actually belongs there , and when she 's upset with him he tells her that he 's had a bad day and she instantly forgives him . I did n't buy it .3 -RRB- The biggest failing , I felt , was the lack of music . It can be nice to have silence or a minimalist score -LRB- thinking Match Point or Monster 's Ball -RRB- but big gaps of silence for no reason just make the stilted , ineffective dialog even more awkward than it already was . I actually watched the beginning over , to look for some effect that the depleted score brought to the table . I came up empty .4 -RRB- The Jewish thing , while not offensive , is not very well explained . There 's a good deal of Jewish stereotyping , most particularly that Meryl Streep 's character wish her son to marry a Jewish girl . I dated a Jewish girl once and her family loved me , but I 'm told this happens frequently , so it would likely be readily understandable to anyone Jewish watching this movie . To anyone else , her character could come across as bigoted without an explanation of why she feels the way she does . A single line of dialog , given early on , could 've done this .5 -RRB- The sex scenes were awkward to watch . Moreover , afterward you have to hear Uma Thurman rave about them . You really get a feeling that the script is trying to talk you into seeing things that you did n't see.That 's enough for now . I hope this was helpful .
 Glossy . Pretty to look at . Gorgeous apartments , pretty people , sexy sound track . But , tries to be funny and it so is n't . Tries to be smart and it so is n't . Uma tries to act well but she does n't . Poor Meryl . So not worthy of her talent.Skip it .
 This predictable film would have been better spent on the cutting room floor . I 'm not particularly certain why this film was green lighted by the studio . I suppose given it 's two stars , one being a true star , the other being Uma . The writing is predictable . If you 've viewed the trailor , you 've seen then entire film . This film drones along with no true entertaining purpose . It 's ridiculous . Were it not for a MINOR starring role by Streep , I would have turned this film off within twenty minutes of it 's start . Do n't bother , you 'll be fine without this predictable diatribe .
 I had looked forward to seeing this movie since I heard the cast and the premise . It failed to deliver however and I was actually very disappointed in it . I found it a little long winded in parts and slow going in general . There was so much room for more humour and yet it never got off the ground . Honestly , the only thing I was impressed with was Uma Thurmans younger boyfriend/Meryl Streeps son , Bryan Greenberg . He 's hot.Overall , I am sorry to say that Meryl Streeps talent was severely wasted here and I 'm hoping her Devil Wears Prada movie is much much better . She and this movie were both off the boil . Do n't rush to see this .
 In the beginning there is Adam and Eve ; so is Hollywood genre . A man and a woman and how they tackle obstacles and finally happy together is the basic form of the very popular romance genre . The rest of the Hollywood romance story is to twist it as much as possible.They start with age segmentation `` Melody Fair '' / `` On Golden Pond '' ; to race `` Far From Heaven '' / `` The World of Suzie Wong '' ; to different sex orientation `` La Cage Aux Folles '' ; you can name as many variations as you want . And , of course , cross over i.e. mixing genre
 However did they convince us Streep was the best actress of her time ? The female De Niro ! Here she tops even her Lindy Chamberlain Australian travesty . Australians still laugh at her accent in that `` performance '' . Here she channels Dustin Hoffman in Tootsie to play a wooden Jewish psychologist . Her `` Jewish '' mannerisms do not ring true at all . All stereotypes and woodenness . Merryl honey , find me a New York Jewish psychologist as inarticulate and mumbling as the one you portrayed . Yeah right ! The plot is weak and strained as it tries to parlay a single idea into a whole movie . Uma Thurman is the best thing in this movie and that 's pretty faint praise my friends.Avoid this film like the plague . It has the feeling of made for TV at best .
 I rented this moving thinking it would be good ... Big Mistake ! Save yourself some time and money and do n't rent or buy this movie ... waste of good film and I really like Meryl Streep . There is no exciting plot , no great acting just very dull . If you do happen to rent the movie anyway just be prepared .
 Hallo , unfortunately this kind of DVD does not work within European countries , therefore I am going to return it back to Amazon . But the movie itself is great , funny and Meryl Streep is incredibly great !
 FOR ME , it was a very slow movie , i was hoping to find it more interesting later . . but i stayed and stayed watching it for what ? for that bad ending ? damn . . at least i thought it would have a happy ending . Was n't funny for me at all . . and thats it : D
 Luckily I rented Prime from the library ; otherwise I 'd be ticked at wasting $ 5 at Blockbuster.Brief summary
 This movie was okay , it was n't a 10 more like a 3 ... . I could have gone without buying this foolishness
 When I saw the previews for Prime , I thought it would be a really good movie , but I after watching it I was rather disappointed . The situation is not very believable -LRB- a woman seeing a much younger man who happens to be her therapist 's son -RRB- , but the greatest disappointment is the fact that the movie does n't have much of a plot to go on . It is almost like a half-hour sitcom stretched out too far . After Lisa , the therapist , reveals to Rafi that she knows that the man she 's dating is her son , there is n't much left to go on.David and Rafi are happy at first . Then there 's friction after David moves in with Rafi -LRB- understandably -RRB- because he appears to be taking advantage of her . She breaks up with David ; then they 're back together . The they break up again . It 's almost as though the writer is buying time in order to make a movie.I also found Rafi 's detailed descriptions to Lisa about her sex life with David to be in extremely poor taste . Also the fact that Lisa seems more concerned that Rafi is n't Jewish than she is about the fact that she 's much older than David is n't believable . The idea of David ' best friend throwing pies in the faces of girl who reject him is really dumb.There are only two good things I can say about Prime . One is that the ending is not as predictable as it is with so many movies . The other is the clever irony of Rafi 's real name being Rafael , and David being an artist .
 I was a bit excited to see this but I was dissapointed.I bet you know already the plot of this movie but I would like to point out the things that are `` wrong '' about this movie :1 . The lovers in the movie does ` nt have the chemistry2.Cheesy lines , specially the scene when theyre breaking up while having sex ... EEEEWWWWW ! 3 . Uma 's character was ` nt developed .4 . Streep 's -LRB- good performance , as usual -RRB- character does ` nt really help the movie as a whole.These days , its really hard to find a good romantic movie and this one in particular is not good.Watch at your own risk .
 How did I get hoodwinked into wasting 2 hours in renting this movie ?? Meryl Streep seems to wearing a mask , doing a SNL parodie of herself `` acting '' Jewish . Every bad cliche in the book , along with silly dialog , and shallow charactors are stuffed into this unfunny bore of a movie .
 The older woman , younger man theme is just really harsh.Add a Jewish doctor for a mother who is treating theolder woman after her divorce and you get a disaster thatreally never convinces us of more than animal passion.As a basis for a long term marriage with children , a `` happy ending '' is probably a disaster?It takes more for a successful marriage than just lust ...
 It always amazes me when a Meryl Streep movie turns out to be less than fabulous . `` Prime '' is one of those rare instances where the film never quite comes together in spite of Streep 's awesomeness.Part of the problem is that Streep 's role in this movie is only supporting . The real star is Uma Thurman , who plays 37-year-old Rafi , a recently divorced woman who finds love in the most unexpected place
 Somewhat weak romantic comedy , better at the romance than the comedy . The usually fabulous Meryl Streep 's comedic acting seemed awkward to me in this although I thought Uma Thurman did a good job as did the male lead .
 `` Prime , '' despite strong performances from the lead actors , is a one-joke film that tries to make that joke work for far too long.The joke , of course , is that Rafi Gardet -LRB- Uma Thurman -RRB- , a 37-year-old divorcee , has fallen in love with a much younger man who happens to be the son of her therapist -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- . Unfortunately , you could watch this film 's trailer and `` get '' that almost immediately.In fairness , `` Prime '' features some terrific work from Thurman and Streep -LRB- the scene where her character figures out that her son is Gardet 's young lover is borderline priceless -RRB- , there are some funny moments , and there 's an attempt to establish interesting relationships , but there 's the problem of that one-joke plot , which hangs on for fully half the film 's length.Then there 's the problem of what I like to call `` unique-character-itis , '' which is endemic to romantic comedies like this . You have , of course , the male lead 's churlish best friend , the female lead 's gay and female best friends , and , of course , glamorous careers filled with Interesting and Unique People that pay for Really Nice New York Apartments . Let 's just say that `` Prime '' is no exception in this regard.In the end , you have a film that 's unworthy of the good work of its actors .
 If I try to watch another Manhattan comedy romance flick , I shall poke my eyeballs out first in order to better appreciate it . Meryl , Uma , what are you thinking ? Ah , Money of course . Who can blame you ? Formula , formula , formula . The really big problem here was the numbskull leading man . Clearly a Mafioso insert `` actor '' . Are we really expected to believe this stud dudoo is an artist ? Who is loved by Uma ? No acting required ... just read the lines , raise the eyebrows in that sexy TV manner and be `` cool '' . I 'm not an airhead chick that this movie was manufactured to target , so it is easier for me to be objective / / \ \ a poop is a poop . My wife even thought it was terrible . What more can I say?Oh yes , really bad pop music score to boot .
 This one was not even close to as good as the first one , it had a little better graphics , more graboids , but it was stupid ! It is okay for one of those `` So dumb it 's funny '' movies , just to sit and watch . Take my advice , the first one is the very best , one of my personal favorite movies !
 Tremors 2
 Tremors 2 does n't live up to what I had hoped for . The movie has its funny moments , but just does n't hook the viewer like the original . A key ingredient missing in this movie is Kevin Bacon . If you have n't seen the first Tremors , I would strongly recommend NOT viewing the sequel . However , if you enjoyed the first one , the sequel may be worth your time .
 Guys , just listen . This is n't a great movie . If you 've only seen it , and not the original , it 's okay . But to point everyone in the correct direction ... buy the original . It 's so great and funny . It should have been titled `` Val and Earl '' -LRB- The two main characters -RRB- rather than `` Tremors . '' The character interaction is what made that movie . This film does n't have , or master , nearly any of those qualities . The original is a barrel of laughs .
 This was oneof the lamest sequels to any given movie . First off , you could tell they wrote around availability . Examples , primary ones . Were n't able to bring back Kevin Bacon but , keep Fred Ward in it , even though the bubby thing between the two was seamless in Tremors . Ca n't bring Reba back in , well , let 's say they were divorsed . Please , that notion is an easy out to admit she was n't coming back to it.The newer evovled `` tremors '' was a stupid idea . Tremors was called Tremors for a reason , the monsters shook the ground , that registered on the richter scale . These stupid chicken designed ones in 2 takes away fro mthe whole point and the name . Now if it had evolved and was huge , Godzilla size , then it could still be called Tremors , and add to it.My love for the first movie ca n't be ruined but , 2 does n't even exist as far as I 'm conscerned , it was n't Tremors and 2 never needed to be made.Honestly , if I could select 0 stars , I would .
 `` Tremors 2 '' is as bad as `` Tremors '' is good . -LSB- See my review of `` Tremors '' -RSB- This movie had absolutely NONE of the integrity , quality ... this movie is the EXACT OPPOSITE of `` Tremors . '' This was a very sad attempt to make money from the cult video sales of `` Tremors . '' As a huge fan of the first movie , `` Tremors 2 '' just makes me violently ill .
 well sequels arent exactly the best of movies . Mainly because in a sequel it is basically the exact same thing except with maybe a few extra characters . This movie as you may have guessed is about giant man eating worms with multiple tounges that try to kill people . The acting in this movie is just a hair above saved by the bell the new class material . This is nowhere near as good as the first -LRB- i loved the originol tremors -RRB- .
 Being a self described fan of TREMORS , I watched with anticipation the sequel TREMORS II . After suffering through the entire length of this `` film '' , I can sum my feelings in only two words -- Stuu ! Pid ! As far I can gather , here is the plot to Tremors II . Take five out of work , has-been actors , that will do almost any movie for a paycheck , give them an innane script about some giant baby worms -LRB- with feet ? -RRB- who try to nurse their way through a town full of hicks . The End . This flick was so bad and such a waste of time that I do n't even want to waste another second on this review . My advice ? Go out and rent TREMORS . Sit back and enjoy and try and forget TREMORS II .
 Lets see , where to begin on this disasterpiece ? For one thing , the acting on this film is pretty bad and seems to reek of B-Movieness . Actually , now that I think of it , everything in this movie is pretty average , except there is one thing in this movie that is extremely stupid/annoying
 I am a big fan of the original when I was small and I remember picking this sequel up at a Borders and begging my father to buy it when I was in my pre-teen years . I remember my eyes lighting up when I saw it on the shelf ... I wish my eyes never even glimpsed it . I was so excited to watch the movie sequel ... what I got was a major disappointment . I could let the whole `` son of Draco '' thing pass because in the first movie Draco comment about Bowen killing the `` scarred one '' and mentioning she was a female so its possible they could have had an egg together . It does give a opening to a hatchling through that loop hole . However , what bothered me about the movie was that I remember it being boring . Its been years and I have n't seen this movie in a very long time . I think the number of times I have seen this movie was twice compared to the original Dragonheart in which I saw hundreds of times . The most disappointing part of the movie that I remember was that the climax was a big let down . They build it up and it looks promising . The climax fight lasts at most ... a few minutes and then the movie is over . I remember thinking that this movie was not worth the money my dad paid . I actually felt bad asking my dad to buy me it . It is a terrible movie and I say watch the original and let this one stay on the shelf .
 This deserves -10000000000000000000000000000000000000 stars . It is the worst movie ever made . While the first was a good film that can be recommended to fans of The Mummy , this is some Kiddie Crap -LRB- referencing an episode of my favorite TV show -RRB- about a punky little dork . They ruined it the same way they ruined Conan the Barbarian , by making a KIDDIE sequel .
 Here we have a visual retelling of every cliche the canon of fantasy has to offer . Unfortunately , `` A New Beginning '' does not examine its cliches and build a meaningful plot out of them , like the first `` Dragonheart '' did . No , this abominable sequel simply strings cliches together and hopes that something will come out of it . It goes without saying that the film is a total failure.The plot , in a nutshell
 I watched `` Dragonheart '' last night , and `` Dragonheart
 I was so looking forward to this movie . What a disappointment . It was NOTHING like the first movie . I guess a good -LRB- great -RRB- act is hard to follow . If your looking for a good fantasy movie I recommend the origional Dragonheart or Excalubur . If your thinking about purchasing this movie PLEASE rent it first to see if you like it .
 I was gon na write a review about this bad sequel but then i saw your rewiew dracaa and i just couldt have sayd it better ... if you are thinking of buying this movie because you where a fan of dragonheart -LRB- which is btw the best movie i have ever seen -RRB- then read dracaa 's review above and dont say whe didt warn you .
 Acting plot and everything is so bad that it made me cry ... Dragonheart was breathtaking this is ... B.S. . worst acting and story i ever saw in a movie
 I am not someone who hates sequals . I absolutly hate the first Dragonheart it is a masterpiece . Great effects , great story , sad ending . It is a five star movie all the way . This is horible . First of all the effects are awful . Many dragon films form the 1960s looked better . Drake looks like a cartoon . The plot is worse then the effects . It involves finding a dragon egg . Where did he come from . The first said draco was the last one . Now this movie said he was n't . THIS RUINS THE FIRST MOVIE . The acting stinks . I ca n't believe anyone over the age of 5 would like this ... Watch the first Dragonheart .
 Blech . That 's probably the best thing I can say about this video . The original movie `` DragonHeart '' , of which I am a huge fan , is a movie with an interesting premise
 Dragonheart did not need a sequel . The story was told . It is over . The first movie peaked therfore , end of franchise . This has bad acting , terrible C.G.I. , and stupid story . Stick with the first .
 I absolutly loved the first Dragonheart . I was extatic that there would be a sequal . Like the first it had geat morels of honer and courage . Plus it had some good action sequences . Still this was a big dissipointment . First twenty minutes you really want to see Drake . You do n't get to see him hatch . Drake was a young dragon that looks like a cartoon . The scam is that the cover has a picture of a realistic dragon . I expected better considering the first Dragonheart was very realistic . Were did Drake come from . I thought Draco was the last one . The two chinise people you do n't know if they are good or bad . The karate scenes were stupid and unrealistic . Dragons spiting ice is a bad idea . They ca n't breath fire and ice . The end battle bettween Drake and the evil dragon who is too small Drake won too easily . The picture quality was hard to tell from the VHS . The first dragonheart had great picture quality . The sound was good at least . The supplements were good telling the story how it was made . If you like dragonheart do n't buy this .
 This video description says 4 episodes of Morocco and Russia but it only shows 1 episode of Morocco ! 1 episode of Morocco is missing and there is nothing at all on Russia ! : -LRB-
 OK the Moroccan program with Anthony Bourdain is fabulous , love it ! Fascinating food , people , country , love the details on Moroccan cooking . But , OK Amazon , this is the 3rd video I 've found with errors . Please please please include the other episodes including Russia !
 I have read Jane Austen over and over for years , and really enjoyed the `` modern '' movies Sense & Sensibility , Emma , and Pride and Prejudice -LRB- with Keira Knightley , although I think they treated it more like a dramatization of a Charlotte Bronte novel than Jane Austen -RRB- . I was really looking forward to this movie , but when I was finished watching , I felt incredibly disappointed . Tom Lefroy was portrayed as a jerk , who seemed to have no real appreciation of Jane as a person , but just saw her as a woman to conquer . Jane was an idiot and I never could figure out what she was supposed to see in the guy . The sexual innuendos were thoroughly 2007 , and stuck out like a sore thumb . I tried the movie again a second time , and could n't get through it . Next time I 'll stick to my previous rule - rent before you buy ! A total waste .
 `` Becoming Jane '' is a so-so film that depicts events which may have shaped the life of author Jane Austen -LRB- played by Anne Hathaway -RRB- . In the movie , Jane 's parents -LRB- James Cromwell and Julie Walters -RRB- are anxious for their daughter to marry , but no one is able to meet Jane 's high standards . When Tom -LRB- James McAvoy -RRB- , a brash Irish law student , arrives in town , Jane is instantly irritated by his very presence , &agrave; la Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy . However , annoyance quickly blossoms into affection , but unfortunately for Jane and Tom , they do n't seem destined for a happy ending.I had high expectations for this film , and was disappointed . I 'm not a big fan of Anne Hathaway , and she did n't win me over playing Jane Austen . I did n't sense any real chemistry between Jane and Tom , which pretty much ruined the whole movie . `` Becoming Jane '' has beautiful scenery , fun costumes , an exquisite musical score , and a great supporting cast , but all that is n't enough to carry this film . My advice is to skip this movie and watch `` Pride and Prejudice '' instead .
 I should have figured out why my local library has 25 copies of this film available for borrowing -- I 'd say that they bought 5 of them and the others were donations by patrons who also purchased and discovered how bad the film is . Not that it is n't a quality production , but it 's very boring . I 'm merely extremely sorry that I purchased it -LRB- the library will now have 26 copies ! -RRB- . The first half of the film is shot in choppy , one to two minute scenes , which is n't helpful since the background of the film is n't established . You are thrown into Austen 's family without any introduction of who is who . One point is a brother who seems mentally challenged until near the end you discover he is deaf -LRB- when Jane does sign language with him , although I wonder if it was invented then ? -RRB- . The film is n't Austin-esque either . Within the first few minutes , her parents do some weird sex thing in bed , preparing you for more lewdness later when the `` hero '' is introduced , a young man of low morals , hardly someone we 'd expect Jane to find admirable . Yet she falls for him over about twenty minutes of snippy bickering -LRB- some of which you ca n't hear over the loud soundtrack -RRB- . I must have fallen asleep at some point , for suddenly she and this man are professing their love for each other . The man , though , is rather unheroic , the actor being kind of puny and peculiar looking . In the second half , when Jane is rejected as his fiance , the film gets more interesting as it probes real emotion and character depth , as well as the problems of being poor or nearly so in a money-driven , elitist world -- something that many of us can relate to today . The only interesting character in the film is Austen 's second suitor , who reveals himself as her intellectual and moral equal , giving her a hope of future happiness , since real and mature love is quite a lot of fun , actually . But he 's rejected , as we know from Austen 's biographies , in favor of remaining single . Austen comes off as a little silly in this respect , being willing to run off with a penniless brat while turning away from an established and well-rounded man . Sad to say , Anne Hathaway 's performance as Austen is drab . She is a fine actress , capable of a great deal more , but I suspect the direction crushed her spirit and talents . She is most often found writing , and there is a show of her editing habit , which is to cut out words with a pair of scissors , making her letters and manuscripts look like they 've gone through CIA censorship . I believe this is played for laughs but is n't really funny . This could have been a fine and meaningful film , a depiction of Jane 's environment that subsequently became her literature , but I have to say that its potential is never reached . Instead , the film was worthy of its failure at the box office . Not something Austenites would appreciate , not something for the general audience either .
 I do n't really understand why you would make a movie about Jane Austen if her life was so boring that you had to create 95 % of the events that happened.I have been studying Jane Austen and he works for years and this movie made me want to retch . The few truths were done well but the liberties disgusted me . The tagline to the movie offends me as one of her avid readers . I do n't think Jane Austen was ever even kissed , let alone try to elope.The attempt to romanticize her life and actually make people believe it really makes me want to go to the highest building and scream , '' ` Becoming Jane ' is unfaithful to Jane Austen 's life and Anne Hathaway is a snooty Jane ! '' ... If you ca n't get away with making a terrible adaptation of her novels , why is okay to absolutely drag her name through the mud ? This Jane was much more sexual than the real life one , and much more stupid.I did n't appreciate the fabrication & creating of facts the movie did , and I think if you have studied the life of Jane Austen you will also be insulted by it .
 When I first heard about Becoming Jane , I was so excited to see it because I have always loved Jane Austen 's stories . Well , I watched it on DVD with a friend , and was thoroughly disappointed!The music is fine , the costumes are fine , the scenery is fine ... but the acting ! the dialogue was so boring , or too risque ' . I did n't see how Jane would even have fallen for Tom Lefroy in the first place . He seemed a complete jerk . I could go on and on , but I wo n't bore you.I want those 120 minutes of my life back!If you want to see a good film based on Austen 's life , watch Miss Austen Regrets -LRB- included in the new 2008 `` Sense and Sensibility '' by the BBC . -RRB- `` Regrets '' has great acting , humor , sexual tension , beautiful music and scenery.Watch it !!
 I adore Jane Austen and although her own personal story is n't as interesting as her books it still could have been enjoyable to watch and told better and then in this film.The first half of the movie is `` barely tolerable '' . It makes you either want to turn off the TV or fall asleep . The second half picks up enough to at least be able to finish the movie , and the end is somewhat tear jerking . James McAvoy was the only thing I liked about it . He is definitely shines here.The reason I give it a one star :1 . The director did a horrible job . It did n't feel professionally done , but more like a collage students first try in directing .2 . The acting . Ann Hathaway is beautiful but not a great actress . I was really disappointed by her performance and everyone else 's except for McAvoy .3 . The music . It was uninspiring and barely noticeable .4 . The costumes . They seemed to be made out of polyester and did n't always fit the period . They looked like they were from a costume shop .5 . The dialog sucked . It was uninteresting and did n't seem to be from the period . Nothing like the dialog used by Austen in her books .6 . The cinematography . They had the beautiful English countryside to work with and it looks like it was filmed in the back yard of a retirement home.The move was n't at all charming like Austin 's novels although that may not have been what they were going for . It did n't capture any cretin style . Not really a romance or a drama film . It was at times crude and vulgar which did n't seem to fit either . Like her parents `` getting it on '' , I did n't need to see that ! I would have rather seen a well done documentary of her life . Maybe they will remake it some day and hopefully next time due the story justice .
 I understand liberties must be taken when making a nonfiction movie . However , this piece of dreck has as much truth about Austen as `` Shakespeare in Love '' has about the Bard . It does n't even try to show what Austen 's world was really like . To those folks who first met Austen via this film , I strongly encourage you to learn about the real Jane . There are several Web sites about her and her works .
 Women were property and had no rights . A good marriage -LRB- money -RRB- was a woman 's only way to have a comfortable and respectable life . Jane Austen broke the rules . She wanted to marry for love , not for money or comfort . When you break the rules you will be punished by society , because society holds on tooth and nail to the status quo . That has n't changed but people ignore a lot of it today -LRB- sometimes at their own peril -RRB- . A great love was lost because the lovers had no control over their own lives . In the end Jane never married , he did , of course , but their love was solid all the days of their lives -LRB- not that it did either of them any good -RRB- . Society is a hard task master . This is a politically loaded movie . Depressing for sure ... no happy ending . Having the love of your life name his oldest daughter , from another woman , after you , would not be considered a happy ending in the opinion of most people . Jane , however , seemed pleased . Basically , the man she loved was willing to run away with her and give up everything -LRB- or at lest try -RRB- . But Jane , being `` responsible , '' and deciding for both of them based on an ASSUMPTION , felt that he would resent her later if she took him away from caring for his parents . He tried , she just caved and let the love of her life go . No gold medals for Jane . He went on with his life and was a good boy . She wrote and kind of wasted away . At the end of the movie she looks frail and pathetic next to her sister-in-law who is about 10 years older than she is . It 's not a beautiful film either . It 's dark and dreary . Even the landscape is miserable looking . Drab ... drab ... drab . If the drabness was meant to show how people actually felt , it worked perfectly ... miserable , dark , dreary and drab . Blah .
 The movie is great -LRB- I rented it from the library -RRB- . But I found out since purchasing this DVD on Amazon that there is no way to find who has the copy with bonus features . I am hard of hearing and need SUBTITLES . The DVD I purchased was only the movie and nothing else . No subtitles , no director 's cut , no interviews.I would love to find a copy with bonus features but I do n't know how to do it .
 The purchase of this film was a complete waste of my money . The plot was trite , disappointing , stale and sophomoric , and the acting was no better . Otherwise ...
 Four and 5 stars ? ! Huh!Knowing there is n't enough material available on this great author 's life to truthfully put together an entire motion picture , I , nevertheless , expected to get an some insight on how she developed her story lines , and - just maybe - be entertained . Like another reviewer , what I like about Miss Austen 's works is the almost metamorphosis her main characters go through as they finally discover the true character of people beneath often misleading facades . Usually the seemingly dull triumphs over the flashy and charming . How then do they have the author falling for Mr. Personality ? How does this help her - er you know - become Jane!While admittedly , the cimetography and cast are impressive , a lush and picturesque nineteenth century scenery and ongoing game of `` can you tell which of Miss Austen 's characters this person influenced ? '' ca n't disguise an exceedingly tedious storyline.Why did n't it delve more into the close relationship between the author and her sister and the sister 's relationship with her fiance . I think a window into the dichtomy of the two sisters ' personalities and their love interests would have been more revealing and appropriate to the title.Brother !! I had to watch this movie in segments , I got so bored . Waaay too Hollywood for me !
 This movie did not hold my interest . I would have liked the beginning to be more about Jane 's formative years and what led her to the writing . I thought Anne Hathaway was an abysmal choice for the lead . There are so many more talented English actresses who would have been better . It was like seeing all of the Anne Hathaway-isms rolled into this movie . I did n't buy her has beloved Jane , no spark . With a modified script , less of a fantasized romance-more true to real life would have been better . However gave it two stars for the English -LRB- really Irish -RRB- countryside and James MCavoy -LRB- gorgeous eyes ! -RRB- . Julie Walters was fantastic , as usual .
 Trying to drag Jane Austen into the 21st century was ridiculous and insulting . I looked forward to this movie but could barely sit through it . The casting was superb but the writing was lacking . It was cliched and downright stupid at times . Please do n't waste your money if you 're a Jane Austen fan .
 If you are looking for a feel-good romance film , this is n't a bad choice . The kissing , the loving looks , and secret hand-holding all help to make this a beautiful , predictable love story . But I warn you , if you 've seen Pride and Prejudice 2005 -LRB- with Knightley and McFaden -RRB- , then you are basically seeing the same story over again here.First , let me clarify that this IS NOT the true story of Jane Austen . I believe that many people have that misconseption . This is a Hollywood film with Anne Hathaway , so how could it be real ? Want to know more about Jane ? Read about her life in books and on the web . But do n't watch this and believe it is true.There are a few objectionable scenes -LRB- rearside nudity , a married couple fondling each other in bed , etc. -RRB- , and I believe that this film almost earned a PG-13 rating . But in the end , I say PG is fine , and it turned out to be a nice love story . I would n't watch it again soon , though
 I 'm a true Jane Austen fan ... have read every book many times over and watched every BBC production . I was completely put off by the sight of Anne Hathaway 's thong underwear showing through her cotton nightgown in the candlelight . Am I only one disturbed by this ? For me , this was like reading a huge type-o in a pretty good book . It stopped me dead , I could n't enjoy the rest of the movie and it 's the only thing about the film that stands out in my mind . I 'm pretty sure that 's what editing is for ... but maybe this movie 's editors did n't know that it was extremely unlikely that ladies wore thongs in Jane Austen 's day .
 Having read Jane Austen 's novels numerous times as well as having read a good bit about her life , I was set to engage in willing suspension of disbelief for a film that magnifies a young flirtation of Austen 's . Despite interesting actors and acceptable dramatization of a flirtation that from Austen 's letters does n't seem to have been this intense historically , the film only gets two stars due to poor sound . It seems as if the director ordered poor enunciation to substitute for other dramatic techniques for showing emotion . Then the sound editing worsened the problem by magnifying background noises at the expense of dialogue and dropping off sound coverage the most at the moments of poor enunciation . It was difficult sometimes because of the sound problems to stay in the world of the film . I found myself picturing the sound guys holding the mikes close , then backing away -- repeat process for 120 minutes and what would 've been a delightful escape ended up a frustration .
 Dreary , silly imagining of Jane Austen 's life as if it had been written by a Hollywood-trained bodice-ripping specialist in sentimental schlock . As overwrought and predictable as Austen is subtle and ironic . Yuch .
 First , I will be upfront
 I am truely a big Jane Austen fan and of Anne Hathaway - which was the real reason I bought the DVD - maybe if it had different Director .
 I thought Becoming Jane was well acted , and the photography was very interesting.This is supposed to be the story of JaneAustin becoming a writer based on made upmaterial . I gave it 2 stars .
 I 'm surprised this movie is averaging at 4 stars.The actors did their job but something went amiss either in the script or in the editing room . I did n't find the love story convincing at all , and that was the main focus of the movie . This movie was rather haphazard . The scenes that could have been developed and dramatic passed by the opportunity and had no sizzle , while `` filler '' scenes used up precious time . Too bad .
 I can only say that the good things about this movie are
 I bought this movie for my wife , she really likes Jane Austin stories , and she really did n't like this movie . The acting was n't good , and the story was worse .
 I think not . Jane Austin was a brilliant woman that saw though cheap tricks and shallow men , just read her book . She watched the games and thought very little of the people who played them . This movie portrayed her as a silly young woman that was wooed by a man of little character and was a TOTAL GAMER . Mr. Wickham was nothing compared to this young man . Granted history tells of a boyish love and a girlish romance , but the way both characters are portrayed in this film you would think that there was only one thing on Mr Lefroy 's mind and that Jane was a complete idiot when it came to men . -LRB- Which as I said before is highly unlikely with several brothers and a keen eye for falseness in others . -RRB- It was more about how young lovers now behave . I did n't enjoy it . We have enough of that kind of romance . I love Jane 's books because they move past silliness and towards mutual respect and affection and then love .
 I really disliked this movie ! It did n't ring true at all . I 'm surprised by the favorable reviews ! Jane Austen running off with somebody ? Tom is a jerk , milk sop and loser ! The nice guy gets spurned , and she likes the ` bad-boy ' ??? This would be like Elizabeth running off with Wickham ... Come on -- this was a modern-day movie using Jane Austin 's time period . I will never watch it again -- once was more than enough !
 The end of the story between Jane Austen & her `` beau '' made me teary eyed , but after that , the blatant sexuality in the movie kind of ruined it for me . The movie took away from the wit , subtlety & the sensuality that Jane Austen had , I 'm sure , to this Hollywood-ized version of it . Almost as if in order to keep us entertained , they had to include the nudity & violence . Others may have a differing opinion , but to me it was n't what I expected & it honestly just did n't fit .
 While it would n't be fair to compare this to the A&E Pride and Prejudice , or the BBC 's Persuasion , or even Emma Thompson 's Sense and Sensibility as those were stories actually created by Jane Austen whereas this is merely a biography of Jane Austen , perhaps it would then be fair to compare it to Shakespeare in Love , then ? In any case , this film fails badly in comparison to any of those . Becoming Jane is painful to observe in many places , especially where they strove , ridiculously , to fit famous phrases from Austen 's work into places in the story . This was a thematic idea in the film which I found unendurable .
 The good points ?????
 This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . It is totally boring . To me , there is no chemistry between Jane and Tom . The character of Jane is just so boring . In fact , there is no chemistry between any of the actors . The music is terrible , too.I do n't recommend this movie at all . Ugh
 This is a fascinating story , about one of the most beloved authors in history . The main problem is that it presents the love story as if it were true , and there 's no real confirmation that such was the case . All the research I did after watching the movie -LRB- trying to see whether it was based on a real story -RRB- shows that the `` relationship '' might have simply been a little flirtation , and not , as it is presented here , true love . Besides , James McAvoy is utterly compelling , but Anne Hathaway has zero appeal , and I found her to be an uninteresting and very plain Jane .
 This is no &#34; Mrs. Brown . &#34; It is a fictitious assumption about Jane Austen and her paramours made into a romantic tale that hardly holds up with plot contrivances galore and the inevitable heartbreak . Watch it once then forget that you did . It is harmless .
 Chris Van Allsburg 's picture book `` Jumanji '' was a beautiful but very odd and erie story for older children and adults . I can say the same thing for this movie version , though I think it hardly holds up as well in film form . First off , parents take note
 I like this movie and my daughter loves it . We were excited about the blu-ray . We have had the DVD version for years . The blu-ray arrived and if you already have the DVD ... please save your money . The image and sound on the blu-ray are no improvement . In fact in many places the image is inferior ... far inferior . The DVD has bright colors and has an fun feel to it . The remastered BR is dark and the colors are dead . The image blurs considerably on fast moving scenes . It is the worst BR I have seen since Wedding Singer .
 take some advice from a 10 year old the movie wasnt that good and one part didnt make sence so dont get the movie
 Jumanji has its moments , but you might as well tape it off cable . Robin Williams is probably embarrassed about this film , although it 's not entirely his fault . The film drags , the characters are stick figures . Almost dreadful .
 Chris Van Allsburg 's brisk , haunting storybook is turned into yet another Robin Williams vehicle about getting in touch with your feelings . Williams stars as Alan , a guy trapped for 26 years in the magical board game Jumanji . When orphans Kirsten Dunst and Bradley Pierce find the game and roll the dice , they release Alan as well as various marauding beasts that flatten the sleepy suburbs . The movie gives Alan a cold father who comes back to haunt him in the form of a psychotic game hunter -LRB- both are played by Jonathan Hyde -RRB- . The hunter , one ca n't help noticing , has a big gun . Freudians should have a field day with the movie
 Movie is fine BUT DVD says Dolby 5.1 there is no rear channel information ... May be great on VHS but not worth it for a good home theather setup .
 The DVD itself is of course fine because its a great movie . HOWEVER , the information that AMAZON gives you for the purchase is misleading . The words `` Collector 's '' and especially the word `` series '' suggest one or more of something - that 's what series means . HOWEVER , what I got was 2 of the very same DVD.THIS IS FALSE AND/OR MISLEADING ADVERTISING AMAZON - SHAME ON YOU . I certainly did not want nor do I need 2 DVDs of the very same movie . And I certainly was n't expecting that I was paying for 2 of the very same DVD 's . So again , shame on you AMAZON .
 This movie is too scary for kids ... with all kinds of dark scary things manifesting from out of walls and sucking you in ... and for adults too dumb . Perhaps the silliest thing is that Robin Williams ' character has spent most of his life `` in the game '' and was living as a knife-wielding jungle-man ... and then he decides to play again once he comes back ... and what happened ... just sits down with two kids , and a woman ... that 's it . Oh my God , what an idiot . I would get guns -LRB- rifles and shotguns -RRB- , machetes , gear , etc. . . and when I started playing again I would be so so very much better prepared to deal with all the stuff that comes at you . Little kids might overlook this point and so might others , but you wo n't now that you 've read this . . Do n't watch this movie
 An average movie , the effects are a bit dated , but it is QUITE OK ! The quality of this DVD is very good .
 This terrifying film is not for children . The effects are fine , if you like this kind of thing . But really , the story is sad and unfair .
 I brought this movie cause my son loves it but they send me a dvd with scratches all on the back of it and a dvd case that looked like someone use it as a plate . Horrible !! And the dvd does n't play because of the scratches what a waist of money i want to know how to return it and get my money back cause i wore when i brought it the thing said new . .
 I 'd say this is one of Williams ' worst movies . He 's not funny at all here , although the movie does have some mild humor here and there . Unlike his other movies , there is really no moral to story , meaning that the plot is ultimately pointless.The movie begins in the 1860 's when two kids bury some locked chest . Then , a boy discovers it on a construction site and pulls it out , discovering a board game inside called Jumanji . He gets a girl to play with him and he is sucked into the board , reappearing like 20 years later , saying and looking like he had been living in a jungle most of his life . Unfortunately , with him also came undesirable things from Jumanji , such as monkeys taking over the town , stampeding elephants , disease , spiders the size of basketballs , and the like . To end it all , they must finish the game , which means it 's going to get worse before it gets better . They end up finishing it alive -LRB- barely -RRB- and then they are back in time as kids right before he got sucked into the board . So the two keep the secret to themselves since no one is aware anything happened and they 'd never believe them anyway . They also get married . Awww , how cute . So they rid themselves of the damned game of course but stupidly just set it in a creek to float away , instead of burning it -LRB- duh ! -RRB- . So then in Japan or somewhere on the beach , two kids hear the African drumming coming out of the board ahead and they rush towards it in curiosity and delight at their finding . Oh boy ! Maybe this means there will be sequel ! Then , we can learn where this game came from and how and why it does what it does .
 I can never believe that an adult would like this crap !!! Robin Williams is a good actor and he did a good job in acting but ... this movie is very poor and cheap!The animation is extremely poor and any viewer eye could see how poor it is plus the story events are very childish!Maybe the story is not that bad but the way it has been put together makes it no better than its poor animation.I recommend this movie to little kids but absolutely NOT FOR ADULTS !
 Robin Williams ' recent pictures tend to bore me to death but this one did n't . Somewhere along the movie there 's a redneck gunnut playing ... the Mexican National Anthem ! How come ? How weird ! -LRB- Besides , there 's no mention of it in the credits . Should Mexico sue ? -RRB-
 I have this movie on video ... and it 's not even worth watching it anymore since it 's played over and over on every cabel network . The only time this movie made an impact on me was when I saw it at the cinema .
 I DID NOT ORDER THIS ITEM , THOUGH I HAVE SEEN IT ON TV . IT IS A GOOD ENTERTAINING MOVIE . I RECOMMEND .
 This movie is not very well written in my opinion and is probably a good thing that it is priced so high . Most of it is uninportant dailog that seems to have little or no piont with no story or structure . There is alittle action at the end , but of poor qualaty . To make a long review short , it is basically like a bad episode of G.I Jeo .
 Apart from some interesting early 20th century footage , this video is just a waste of time . Commentaries are superficial and obvious , useless for those who know a little more than Mao existence . Producers lost the wonderful oportunity in the interviews with outstanding sinologist Roderick McFarquhar , and dissident journalist Liu Binyan , who were asked mostly for well known anecdotaries that can not explain the role Mao played in modern China.The story jumps suddenly from the Greart Leapt Forward to the Cultural revolution , and from here to the Nixon-Mao meeting in 1972 and then Mao dies . Nothing about the significant facts which ocurred from the restoration Deng Xaioping by Mao in 1975 and the death of the Great Helmsman . No reference of the strong relationship between Mao and Zhou Enlai , the Gang of Four role in Cultural Revolution , or to the Lin Biao plot and his death , nothing about the Corean War , the diplomatic strategy for the recovery of the UN seat for C!hina . The sino soviet split is explained in a superficial and annecdotical manner . The role of US advisory of the communist in WW II is also exagerated . Data about deaths in the Mao regime is taken from unexplained sources that diverge from respected scholars , even the most critical of Mao and China . In conclusion , if you think the lifes of political leaders is a good way to understand a society , is better to go to the China Box Sets produced by History Channel entitled China Rising or the China
 1 . too much subjective views , and some facts were ignored .2 . it seems some film and photos were placed at the wrong time period , perhaps to make the biography more interesting .3 . the Chinese maps were not accurate , the maps showed what china is now , but not the first half of the 1900s . it was larger at that time .
 It is tremendously difficult to describe the life of such a world political giant in 50 minutes . Yet this video spend 10 % of the time telling stories of Mao 's affair with some anonymous girls while many much more important historical events and persons were not even mentioned . The writer counted correctly how many times he married , but failed to say anything about his children.In summary , this documentary tries to cover both his political life and personal life , but end up getting none .
 This DVD just did n't do it for me . I felt it was made for people who had no idea who Mao was and/or uninterested high school kids who were to learn some basic facts and pass a test . Very basic and elementary
 Murder By Death , 1976 filmA man sends invitations to famous detectives -LRB- from fiction -RRB- to visit his mansion . -LSB- No mention of fees , so you know this is n't real . -RSB- Lionel Twain lives on an island . A rickety bridge connects to this island . The detectives arrive and are shown to their rooms . The new cook can not speak , hear , or read English . The butler ca n't see . They try to communicate . Sam Diamond arrives with his secretary Tess . Next Dick and Dora Charleston . Inspector Wang arrives with his son Willy . Inspector Perrier arrives with his chauffeur Marcel . Is Wang wrong ? Miss Jessica Marbles arrives with her nurse . Why five detectives ? Perrier explains the test with Wang . Blind people have a keen sense of smell . `` Tacky ? '' The blind butler talks to the deaf cook . The lights go dead . `` Franks and beans ? '' Then Lionel Twain appears . -LSB- No joke here . -RSB- `` You look like number two . `` Can the five greatest detectives solve a murder in a locked mansion ? Two million cash plus film rights ? Charades ? The cook draws their attention . `` This man is dead . '' `` Where is everyone ? '' A voice speaks to them . `` Say your pronouns . '' They find the butler again . Then the dining room is empty again . -LSB- A cheap trick ? -RSB- `` Two dining rooms . '' The cook disappeared . Midnight passes . They find a body , as predicted . `` Nobody move ! '' Dick Charleston offers a solution , but Inspector Wang trumps him -LRB- and exposes a character -RRB- . `` I 'm a Belgie ! '' There are more exposures and confessions from the others . -LSB- Believable ? -RSB- There are threats for the occupants of each bedroom . -LSB- More silliness here . -RSB- Sidney Wang solves the crime ! Who did it ? A plastic body . Others have their solution . `` How did you know ? '' There is a final surprise ! When the show is over the detectives all leave . There is a final unmasking to end this story . Believable?This is a parody of Agatha Christie 's famous murder mystery `` Ten Little Indians '' . Those who write parodies are usually less talented than the original writer , as shown by this story . If you do n't know of the other fictional detectives you will miss the point of this story . A parody is limited to the original story . The ending with the switching of identities damages this story , as if they do n't know when to end this joke.Dashiell created `` Nick and Nora Charles '' and `` Sam Spade '' -LRB- `` The Thin Man '' , `` The Maltese Falcon '' -RRB- . `` Mr Wong '' was a copy of `` Charlie Chan '' . Agatha Christie created `` Hercule Poirot '' and `` Miss Marple '' for many mystery novels .
 Another reviewer described Truman Capote 's acting as unimpressive - decidedly a gross understatement . However , the main weakness of the film is the cornball cheap humor and lack of wit . The great cast is wasted throughout . It 's worse than Mel Brooks `` History of the World '' . Also , there are many convoluted attempts at twists and turns , but the results offer few surprises . In the end , it 's more of a high-school script than a movie.The DVD extras are minimal and mostly unenlightening .
 ... is the script . I am amazed at the rave reviews below . I envy their ability to laugh at jokes that would n't pass muster at Mad Magazine . The direction , by a theater director who seems to understand nothing about film , is flat and awkward . It 's as if everyone , including the wonderful -LRB- and wasted -RRB- cast , conspired to snuff what little comedic potential there may have been in the script . As a supposed satire of mystery novels , the film is obliged to be more clever than the average novel it parodies , yet there is nothing remotely clever about the plot -LRB- if it can be said to have a plot -RRB- , and makes no sense whatsoever , on any level . It was painful enough to sit through a cable channel broadcast . It seems a crime to ask anyone to actually pay for the ordeal .
 This is pretty awful . The jokes are all pretty stale and predictable - a regurgitation of some notion of what humor is supposed to be - not the real thing . What 's even worse is that it 's an all-star cast , so with expectations so high , it has a long way to fall .
 well I really expected this to be a funny movie , given the reviews as well as the stellar cast . But , aside from a couple of SMALL laughs and the surprise ending , this movie is a DUD . The jokes and the plot both fall flat . Ugh I wish I had n't wasted my time on this one . Major disappointment !!!
 I was looking forward to watching this on DVD because I missed it in the theater , but I got really close to turning it off during the movie . It 's just boring , there 's no good story , no good acting , nothing worth seeing in my opinion . It 's really silly and unbelieavable but not even a fun watch . I would not reccomend spending any money on this movie , and if you get it as a gift , return it and watch something else .
 Okay , this movie is really not very good . I do n't like James Bond type of movies . They are always unbelievable and full of outrageous stunts which annoy me . Well this is XXX . Vin Diesel , who plays Xander Cage , is a daredevil criminal of sorts who is recruited by the government to be a secret agent . There is really no other plot . It is goofy and full of one-liners that are lame . Samuel L. Jackson is disappointing , at best . Asia Argento is n't a horrible actress . Vin Diesel , what can I say ? I bought this extremely disappointing DVD simply because Vin is the star . Vin is hot . I would watch anything , even this movie , to see Vin Diesel . He is amazing . There should be a Vin Diesel channel where it is only Vin 24x7 . That is a perfect world . Perfect ...
 The previews made me want to get out and watch the movie . To my surprise , this movie -LSB- was unacceptable -RSB- . I did everthing I could to stay awake . The story was not interesting . The acting was bad . Vin Diesel may be a popular actor , but his popularity was n't enough to make this a good movie . It just was n't interesting . Do n't be hyped by this movie , it 's not all that .
 There is something inexplicably excellent about the blantant mediocrity of XXX . It kind of makes me proud to be an American . Nowhere else could a film like this get made , and then have everyone go see it . I mean this film is ABSURD ! I bet they call the sequal `` XXX 2
 Purchased this , wasted money . If your gon na release high def movies -LRB- sony -RRB- , should n't they be high def ? There is way too much grain on this disc and when there is n't the picture is ` soft ' . When I say soft I mean not much details , especially in ` face ' shots -LRB- do n't get me wrong there are some bright spots on the disc -RRB- . Love the high def format alot but studios need to make sure we are getting just that on every release and not rush these things to market just to make a quick profit -LRB- the format is about the ` DETAILS ' -RRB- . If you do it right the 1st time you 'll find us coming back for more without hestitation , without having to go to sights like highdefdigest reading reviews to make sure the video quality is OK .
 The problem with this tepid movie is Rob Cohen -LRB- the skateboardingfourteen year old teenager 's favourite -RRB- he makes action films for for skipnot fans who do n't shave and live in suburbia ! If this movie was made for a more adult audience , it could have been good . As for Vin Disel , he is capable of much much more . Apart from Pitch Black and ElDiablo -LRB- before it was turned into A Man Apart -RRB- he comes off as a member of The ATeam ! The baddies are sterotyped euro trash with greasy hair in toe . In future Mr Disel should make R rated movies , period . 007 do n't worry , do n't worry at all , you are the best secret agent !
 I realize what this movie was trying to do . It was trying to be a James Bond kind of film for the X or Extreme generation that is into adrenaline pumping sports that usually cause them pain from trauma to the testicle region or have highlights that make you go , `` holy cow ! That had to hurt ! '' over and over . But the thing that they screwed up was making the extreme stuff look to unrealistic and stupid . I liked Vin Diesels character of Xander Cage and I think he has a distinct cool look , charisma and voice that gets him over . His love interest who I will refer to as ` heroin chic ' because of her big dark circles under her eyes is kind of hot but also kind of looks like she might need some methadone and a few months in a detox . I also liked the style and wardrobe that was used when they were in Russian including Xanders big furry coat and the villians apparel . And to the heels or villian ? I liked them all . They were all big hairy eastern European badasses and I thought XXX was a interesting contrast to them.But I must say , this movie pretty much sucked . I have watched it since the first time and like it a bit more than the first time because I am seeing it now for what it really is which is just action shlock . It is n't meant to be taken serious and if you watch it just sit back , make fun of the stupid stuff and enjoy the good and bad . And check out racoon eyes at the end in her bikini and her large tattoo around the nether regions . Still ca n't say if I am attracted to her or not . Its possible that I just want to give her a hot bowl of soup and a couple of sliced cucumbers to put on those dark circles under her eyes .
 The first 3 minutes is all that you need to see . It shows a spy being chased into a Rammstein concert where it shows them playing the song Feur Frei ! After that the movie just sucks , it has a bad plot and bad acting .
 The second time sucked though . The movie has action for the first few parts , but then it slows to a crawl . The first 20 minutes or so of the movie are really boring . As soon as we learn about Anarchy 99 , the movie slows down . Seriously , when the movie is n't in an action scene it is crap . I would write more , but I do n't want to waste my time .
 A little bit into this movie I was thinking
 This movie is literally a copy of James Bond movie.The only diffirence is the agent who tries to be a `` cool '' -LRB- skater , action renegade , trash talking , ... -RRB- agent in the name of being the `` new age agent '' . Vin Diesel totally ... . The movie is tried to be an original one by having a close-to-teenage guy , who is totally stupid.The story is probably one of the most senseless ones in the movie world.Who would like the destroy all the governments so everyone could be free , by poisioning the world?For the ones still interested in this movie and want to know about this movie : a movie that lacks everything to be a good agent classic.I think Vin Diesel and this movie 's makers should watch more James Bond before they shoot the next one .
 Received the CD and it was damaged in several places
 This is the worst action movie ever . This is my first DVD that I had that I was so bored . That I wanted to take my DVD movie and break it to a million pieces . Save your money get something else .
 The only thing that kept me awake during this movie was the surround sound .
 If it was possible to give this movie no stars I would have done so , I had to turn and look at the person I saw it with to see if she was acctually enjoying it , for some reason she did but she saw that it was a ... of the James Bond franchise . The only thing that is n't Bond material are the no brainer punch lines from Diesel , Bond has the brains to acctually insult someone , but Diesel 's xxx only makes the audience laugh at him not with him . The one liners and obvious attempt at trying to take what makes spy movies like James Bond so good , even with the last two Bond films sliping from what made Goldeneye stand out in my mind as the best Bond ever , I feel that Bond will always be around , but with a couple more of the XXX movies people will feel as insulted to spend there money on another waste of two hours like this . I dare the director to come up with some new material , but based on this I doubt he and Deisel have the brains combined to do so . Heres who the characters resemble in XXX to the characters in Bond.XXX A dumb ... BondSamuel Jackson A male MThe guy who makes the gadgets A Faqgy QDo n't waste your time or your money on this movie , or its sequals for that matter .
 I watched this from a projection booth window . The theatre was filled with young kids -LRB- 10 to 17 -RRB- . This new `` hero '' is not worth two cents . He ca n't act and all he knows is violence and we wonder why animals eat their young . This movie serves NO purpose except to promote hate and violence and give our screwed-up youth more sick ideas . I really believe that this new Hollywood is filled with hate and is sending a really bad message to our future leaders of our country . There are plenty of stories that movies can be made about , but this one is pure trash . Bad acting , bad music score -LRB- if you can call it a music score -RRB- bad directing and the list goes on . And then we wonder why the United States kids are so violent . There is only one thing to blame , , , , , HOLLYWOOD !
 Back to a more blatant Bond imitator , this 2002 stunt and gadget laden spy adventure boasted how it was going to usurp 007 's throne by providing `` a new breed of hero '' in the form of shaven headed , tattoed extreme sports star , Xander Cage , played by Vin Diesel . It laboured this claim by opening with a Bond style agent being killed in embarrassing circumstances . As it turned out , few people were tired with the `` old style '' agent , as box office profits for that year 's Bond , Die Another Day , soon put paid to Vin Diesal 's crowing about 007 being old hat.The problem with Xander Cage was that his grunge image was never going to win over the female following that 007 's more refined but dark persona commanded ; I mean , ladies , Vin Diesal or Piece Brosnan ? Which one would you prefer to share the duvet with ? Also the film itself lacked the classy , expert construction that even the bad Bond films like Moonraker could at least boast.That apart , XXX is enjoyable action and did well enough to prompt further missions for Mr Cage . However , its failure to live up to its stated mission of ousting Mr. Bond left Vin Diesal rather egg faced and he tactfully withdrew to concentrate on the proposed Chronicles of Riddick trilogy . This proved another egg facing experience ; the first film flopped and the remaining two have been shelved.Having burnt is bridges , Vin Diesal 's Xander Cage was killed off for XXX2 - The Next Level and replaced by Ice Cube as Darius Stone -LRB- Vin Diesal ? Ice Cube ? What is with the names ? -RRB- Bond director Lee Tamahori was drafted in to oversee proceedings with the new agent playing out a Die Hard style storyline . It was universally panned and XXX has gone Ex-Ex-Ex !
 While waiting for the next 007 film to hit screens , I was hoping that we would have another crime fighting spy that could keep us occupied until then . I 'm still waiting . Once I heard Vin Diesel was to star , the film had lost all hope and excitement . Diesel does n't have star quality . He has no character . No presence . No charm . He 's like a brick wall . A monotonous robot with a voice that sounds like someone is rubbing brick on a cheese grater . He has the tough muscles to be an action hero , but he does n't have any acting talent to pull it off . Why this guy is being made such a big deal out of is beyond me . There 's nothing there . It is ridiculous and pathetic reading reviews stating that Bond is over and all that . In their dreams . Bigger , over the top violence and bigger muscles does n't make a spy or spy film even remotely better . One reviewer said that maybe in another 18 XXX films , someone will shoot Xander Cage and a new spy will take over . Why wait ? . How about we shoot him now ? . Even the thought of this film lasting that long is laughable . 2 or 3 maybe . It does n't have legs . The action is pretty good , but a lot of it is a little too over the top . Very unbelieveable . Of course , that does n't matter much in films like these , but one would want something that is more breathtaking and exciting , rather than laugh out loud funny for being so preposterous . Samuel L. Jackson is there and does n't bring anything . Why would he retort to such a low role ? . Asia Argento is pretty , but you ca n't like her character or care for her . In fact , you wo n't care about anyone . `` XXX '' tried to be something worthwhile , but it failed on every aspect . Some witty lines were ridiculous , as if the cast had no idea how to deliver them . The movie is boring , cliched , and feels dated by the time it 's over . What a horrible bore this film was . Better leave the real action to Bond .
 Xtremely Unoriginal , Xtremley Boring , Xtremely Bad Acting.After the first 5 minutes i wanted to leave . This movie was that bad . Vin Diesel is anything but inconspictuous , and could never be a believable spy . The Human Muscle would whisper and his bass drop would echo the entire missle silo before he even knew it.This was more like a comedy on spy movies.This movie was flat out bad . Vin Diesel Can not act , he is a disgrace to movies . Arnold Should beat his bald ass for stepping foot onto a set and trying to make a good action movie . So far his best role was in Saving Private Ryan . : -RRB-
 A ho-hum `` hero '' goes against a boring villain.Yay.Stuff blows up just like in every other action movie there is.Yawn.So where 's the excitement?What happened to the plot?Why 'd the actors waste their time in this dud?Perhaps they were desperate for fame and money?Watch this and you 'll agree that this is the absolutely worst movie there ever is.If you want an exciting action film , go with `` Indiana Jones '' or `` Jurassic Park '' . Do n't throw your money away on `` XXX '' .
 I saw this movie with a group of friends - we rented it . We only watched about 3/4 of it too because it was so terrible
 There is nothing to recommned this film . To compare it with even the lesser Bond films is not possible . While the Bond films certainly played with reality , this film demands a complete suspension of belief . Vin Diesel , a good actor trapped in a large , clumsy body , looks - well , large and clumsy in the role . Here is a bit of typical dialogue
 This movie is what the outcome would of been if MTV 's `` Extreme Sports '' had been given a big budget and had thrown in some throwaway plot device . This movie does have some of the usual spy movie things that everyone is accustomed too . There are girls , fast cars , chases , weapons , gadgets , explosions , and all of that . What it does n't have is charm , emotion , fear , humor , character , or soul . It is completely empty . This is not Bond , and they are trying hard not to be . What a shame . Even though the deisgn of the end credits is obviously a rip-off of Bond 's opening credit sequences . Vin Diesel may have the braun to be an action hero , but he does n't have the talent or personality to make it worthwhile . A bit of that later . The movie was directed with hammy , over the top style by Rob Cohen , who directed Vin in `` The Fast And The Furious '' . The movie starts off with a Bond like character getting shot while in the middle of a rave . Very unsubtle and ridiculous . Thus begins the movie . Vin plays Xander Cage . His name is the only thing I like about this movie . He is an extreme sports enthusiast who videotapes all of his escapades . His introduction is one of them , and it 's meaningless and pointless . He is recruited by a national security agency under the watch of Augustus Gibbons -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- . Why Jackson took a nothing role with bad make-up and wig is beyond me . The agency has picked Xander as a new recruit to go and stop a villain named Yuri from destroying the city of Prague with a biological weapon . In the process , he gets involved with the man and falls for his lady Elena , who is played by Asia Argento . She is pretty and alluring in an odd , tough kind of way . Basically , there is no need for a plot when the only thing this film tries to do is to set up big action pieces that , most of the time , are not very well structured and seemed to be set up just for the sake of having something exciting happen . Many stunts and action pieces are so over the top that they are laughable . They made the movie as if they were taking it seriously , but you ca n't take this thing seriously . Obviously , they think that bigger muscles and action that is kicked up several gears makes for a better movie and a better secret agent . Wrong . It 's just over the top and beyond anything remotely plausible . Not that it has to be plausible . This is a mindless action film , and you are not going to get reality , but one would prefer some stuff that is not so gigantic that it leaves you with no feeling at all . Later Bind films have kicked up the action , and some are hard to believe , but it has a more fantasy laced feel to it , and it feels like it fits . This one tries to be real , but it 's as fake and cartoony as it gets . The humor is unbearable . They tried to do the Bond quips , and they fail horribly . They came too quick and there were too many early on . It does n't help that Diesel had an awful delivery and showcased no comedic talent whatsoever to deliver those lines . Actually , all of the dialogue was quite limp and uninspired . Diesel seems like a decent guy in real life , but he ca n't act his way out of a paper bag . He comes across as a monotone , wooden neanderthal with no charisma or personality . You ca n't root for him in the film because he does n't bring any kind of feeling in his character that would make you care if he died or lived . Same with Argento . But , he has muscles , and to some people that means talent . It just means he can flex his arm . We can all do that . He is the same thing in every movie . I wanted to get into the movie . I really did . It was just a hard , cold , unfeeling film that left you with nothing but 2 hours wasted . It 's a film and a character that will long be forgotten from your memory by the time you get up from your seat . We need a secret agent who has been around the block . We need a character with feeling and passion . Not a dude who gets his kicks of driving cars off bridges and filming it just for kicks . 007 , you have nothing to worry about .
 This movie sucks ! How can you compare this movie which -LRB- I have read -RRB- is to depose all the James Bond movies particularly the latest Bond Movie Die Another Day ? The Gadgets , The Bond Girl
 Where to start ? How about this . Just as annoying as the super agent who knows everything . Always has the right tools to get the job done & full of witty remarks comes a story at the opposite end of the spectrum . Another attempt at the bumbling-idiot-that-just-so-happens-to-save-the-day cliche . Full of things that go fast , extreme sports refrences , & cheesy over-the-top male bravado . This attempt tries to capitalize on pop culture in every way . Without attacking a particular class of people , let 's just say that this will appeal to those that do n't mind shallow and mindless action movies . Everything goes boom and the day is saved . Oh yah . Now that 's entertainment .
 THis movie is one of the dumbest that I have seen in a long time . It is completely lacking in sense or logic . THe beginning was cool becase of Rammstein , but it went downhill from there . Its fine for a movie to have attitude , but this was just too over the top . And the acting was pretty bad , too . No doubt that it is a showy film , but I would n't recommend it to anyone unless they like dumb action movies .
 Read great reviews for this movie , could n't wait to buy it when it came out . Enjoy watching action adventure flicks , thought this one would be right up there . Have yet to finish it , bad acting , campy scenes , & ludacris dialogue , put me to sleep both times i tried to watch it , not sure what the plot is supposed to be anymore , if it has one . Rent it before you buy . Seeing it once , if you make it through , may be enough .
 I attempted to watch this film a few different times . I could just never quite get to the end . It 's not because it 's a particularly bad movie in fact it 's just a modern day version of James Bond ... its just that it never really excited me . The one redeeming factor is the car - it really becomes a character of its own .
 I must admit I was rather excited to see this film when it came to the rental market . What with all the tantilizing teasers and trailers , it looked like a no holds barred all out adventure that would delight any action fan . Well , this action fan was n't exactly delighted to say the least.XXX was no where close to being hardcore . First of all let it be known that the overall idea behind the film was not so bad . An extreme sports hero recruited to be an undercover agent ... ok , could be cool . UNfortunatley thats about as far as the accolades go for this film.Now , the other side . First ... a PG-13 rating ... I knew that it could n't be hard core enough . I was n't wrong . This film would have greatly benefited from additional sex & violence , even if it meant that younger movie goers would not have been as readily permitted into the theaters . I mean , come on ! Its an action film , not a suspense thriller . Action films , and their fans thrive on the sex and violence!Second . Ok , extreme sports ... fine , but soem of the stuff that happens in this film ? No way , just too cheesey for any to really enjoy . Is this a video game or a movie ?! Overall . I think Vin Deisel is one of the new action stars to keep an eye on . His character in Fast & Furious was excellent , and he played well . This films poor ratings were not his fault ... it was simply the movie . However , it is worth viewing once , despite its flaws.Hey , how about a XXX 2 ? This time ... give something a little more hardcore or next time just call him PG-13 !
 I was so dissappointed . What a stupid movie . I could only watch about 30 minutes of it before hitting the eject button . Since they do n't have half stars , divide my rating by 2 .
 Boring tedious bad acting I could n't bring myself even to suspend any belief for the stunts . This film is garbage . I have 1 good thing to say the GTO looked nice .
 ... I don &#65533; t even know where to begin . With the terrible CGI effects ? How about the cheesy , unbelievable plot that makes any Bond film seem like reality ? No , lets start with how all the mindless action scenes somehow succeed in not being interesting . Since this is supposed to be an action film , these scenes are supposed to be the main thrust behind it . But they &#65533; re not . On the surface they look like they should be fun , but somehow they &#65533; re not . ... Vin Diesel &#65533; s crook-turned-secret agent just isn &#65533; t interesting to me . And it &#65533; s not because he &#65533; s a criminal , rooting for a bad guy can be fun . He just doesn &#65533; t carry that cool aura around him , such as James Bond or Blade . To make an action film work , you need a central character who is fascinating to watch , and personally , Vin Diesel here is about as fascinating as c-span . The absurd plot of having a criminal do a secret agent &#65533; s job on behalf of the United States doesn &#65533; t help , either . I can hold disbelief off during a movie if it is handled right , but from the start I could see XXX was derailing from this department . I just didn &#65533; t buy it as the movie presented it . The bad CGI effects were also very distracting . Scenes such as one concerning an avalanche look like it was rendered five years ago . CGI keeps reaching new standards , and if you don &#65533; t keep up with it , you shouldn &#65533; t use it . Surprisingly enough , however , the acting , while nothing special , isn &#65533; t to bad . Sure Vin Diesel is no acting god , but he doesn &#65533; t give a cringe-worthy performance here . And while Samuel L. Jackson &#65533; s talent is pretty much wasted here in his role as Diesel &#65533; s boss , no one delivers poorly.XXX is best not seen at all , unless you &#65533; re a big Vin Diesel fan . There wasn &#65533; t much here to admire , and what is , truly isn &#65533; t worth the time to view . Stick to Bond .
 Now , this movie seemed right up my alley . I was looking for a blockbuster , throwaway popcorn flick . Bang Bang Shoot-Em Up . I liked the Fast and the Furious , and Vin Diesel without a shirt was worth my ticket price alone , that 's the two stars . But frankly , this was BORING . VERY VERY BORING . It does n't make any sense . I mean , if the poison has to mix first , just tell em it 's been launched and blow the thing out of the water before it 's mixed . Crimony did n't they just SAY that it became harmless ? It 's just stupid . Vin Diesel DID have some good dialogue , the script was n't that bad , but this movie , to put it simply , is BORING .
 I can only describe this film with the same word I would describe the Fast and the Furious as well - `` cheese '' . I 'm a tough guy - stunt man , social advocate , party guy , now turned spy . I 've uncovered secret plans of an elite enemy organization in Prague - the government is going to wait around just long enough to act so I can do my thing and stretch the movie out a bit.OK - suspending my disbelief with this hyperbolic story , I was still amazed at the absolute lack of talent on the part of Vin Diesel . This guy is hired for the way he looks and his scratchy voice - but he ca n't act worth a darn and he does n't even make a convincing tough-guy . Besides the extreme one-dimensionality of the characters , the dialogue is actually painful to listen to as well . Thank god there is a minimum of it.The pacing is aweful for an action film - there are huge slow spots where they try to cram some `` plot in '' . Hint to the producers - have the writers killed.I gave it it 's second star because the action was very interesting , and because I saw it on a plane and it kept my mind off teh flight for an hour and a half .
 One of the most boring experiences that I have ever had at the theatre . The action scenes drug on forever , and the plot was retarted . Vin Diesal does n't know how to act , and the whole movie was just dumb.SKIP IT . I think I hate action movies now .
 Yikes . Was sucked in by the hype . Holy Moly Batman.It is sooo bad it may well become a camp classic , akin to Marijuana Madness.Big money spent on explosions , cars , motorcycles . Early in the movie , late in the movie . In between , you 're stuck with plot and dialog that came as the prize in Crackerjacks.There was one person in the theatre hooting and hollering everytime Vin Diesel did anything . Everyone else was busy snickering at the inanity of it all . In the restroom after the show , people were actually bonding over the discussion of ` what the heck were they thinking ' . This is an example of what happens when there is no one around to say ` no , you can not spend $ 20M of daddy 's money making a movie ' . Samuel L. Jackson , what were you thinking?OTOH , from my 11 year old nephew 's perspective
 For some reason , `` XXX '' showed up on my Recommendations list ... I ca n't think of a movie I saw recently that I liked less.My wife and I were in the mood for some mindless entertainment , and we had n't seen `` XXX '' yet . In the right mood , we like brain-candy movies . James Bond can be fun , and we even liked the new `` Tomb Raider '' film . We rented `` XXX '' hoping for something like `` Die Hard '' or `` Lethal Weapon , '' maybe - just some fun where stuff blows up . Yeah , that would have been good . Too bad that 's not what we got.As a plus , `` XXX '' has Samuel Jackson in it , and some people I know liked it , so we decided to give it a shot . Having watched it , I can only say what a waste of celluloid this movie was . `` XXX '' is a collection of extreme sports and stunts that are a complete break with reality . A story that is n't anywhere close to interesting . A plot that exists only as an excuse -LRB- and a thin one at that -RRB- for the aforementioned extreme sports stunts.I have to apologize to Vin Diesel fans here , but while I see that he has a certain rugged , sweaty , muscular charm , he 's an absolutely abysmal actor . He was all right in `` Pitch Black , '' as part of an ensemble in which he does n't have to talk much , but he does n't have the talent to sustain a lead role all on his lonesome . He delivers his lines with one or two stock expressions and almost no inflection . And the way he kisses just looks nasty . Yuch.This is a film that does n't even succeed on the level of gut-level , mindless entertainment - it 's that stupid . It 's silly , inconsistent , and superficial , and worst of all it is n't even fun . I was completely bored while watching it . I got it as a free rental , so all I can really complain about is the time spent watching it , but now I even want that back!I 'm disappointed that a film like this ca n't even manage to be entertaining . I 'm disappointed that a great actor like Sam Jackson would agree to be in such a stinker . But most of all , I 'm disappointed in myself for even wasting the time to watch it.There now . Hopefully , that will make it clear that this film should never , ever be recommended to me again . Or anyone else for that matter .
 this is one of the worse movie I have ever seen , even worst than MI :2 . The one star is just for the rare funny moments in Vin Diesel 's acting . Asia Argento , please go home and make the laundry .
 First , the Fast and the Furious , now THIS ? Why , oh WHY are movies this idiotic being made ? Look past all of the `` eckstreeeemly kewl ackshin seeenses '' for a second -LRB- which I 'm surprised did n't win an Oscar for ` Best Animated Movie ' -RRB- and you 'll find a boring , badly-acted , hard-to-follow -LSB- mimic -RSB- of Bond . If you like this movie , ask yourself this
 I 've heard this franchise -LRB- yes , there will be sequels -RRB- as the first truly `` American '' answer to James Bond . Well , there are many problems with this claim on many different levels , not the least of which is that XXX seems to have been made for 12-14 year old boys . It 's as soul-less as a video game and Vin Diesel -LRB- who actually CAN act -- just watch `` Multi-Facial '' -RRB- is as wooden and pre-programmed as a virtual hero can be . Even when he tries to emote , he ca n't quite pull it off.I ca n't think of one genuinely funny moment in the entire film . Xander 's quips are n't even clever . They are as two-dimensional and hackneyed as the characters . The movie itself is n't clever enough to be a parody , nor is it good enough to be an homage.Whether it 's Diesel or the character , XXX simply lacks the charisma and sheer charm of any of the James Bond portrayers . Diesel would seriously work better as one of the thugs he so skillfully dispatches throughout the two hours of this X-box / commercial.Yes the visuals are stunning as are the stunts , yet I ca n't help but remember that a stunt-man was killed while making XXX seem invincible . Did I miss it or was there NO mention of this man 's death anywhere in the film ? Correct me if I 'm wrong ! I would like to think that Diesel or Cohen have that much class . Yes , movie fans , as effortless as this film may look , in the real world , real people die trying to be Superman.Since it made nearly 150 million in the theaters alone , XXX is sure to have at least two sequels . Should keep plenty of hack writers employed for a few years . I just wonder how many more stunt-men or women will die in an effort to make XXX indestructible , at least virtually so .
 Man , I was so close to going to seeing this in the theatre , thank god for the internet and movies leaking out the week of release . This movie is nothing but an overhyped commercial flick . It overplays the teen audience to death . Every other scene you see a new stunt and Diesel overplays every scene . You could of put Fast and the Furious 2 in front of this picture and it would of been about the same . Vin Diesel needs to select his roles wisely or he may end up being the next Jean Claude Van Damme .
 XXX starts off with an exciting , total action-packed blast of a beginning , slowly begins to sag , gets awsome again for about 9 minutes , then sags and never manages to become the least bit interesting or exciting again . I also did n't like the fact that it became WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too much like James Bond films and it does not live up to any of the hype it got . It fails on most levels , and succeeds on only a few , if that . Rent it , but do n't expect too much . Vin does pretty good , though .
 Triple X is the type of film which everyone is stupider for having seen , which the world is at a loss for harboring , and which eats away at the integrity of film as a creative medium , as 16M Sulfuric Acid does to tissue paper . That anyone would willingly allow the creation of such a mindless , poorly-written truckload of intellectually bankrupt drivel is entirely beyond me . Shame on the writer for accepting money for falling asleep on his keyboard and calling it a script -LRB- as well as for soiling the good name of `` The Vandals , '' by quoting `` Anarchy Burger . '' -RRB- Shame on Vin Diesel for doing a decent film like Boiler Room , and then making `` The Fast and the Furious '' look like `` Schindler 's List , '' by making `` XXX , '' all the while accepting the 10 million he demanded for the role . It was literally a pleasure to see a total of fifteen people in the entire theatre . It was downright satisfying to see two people leave within the first five minutes . Hopefully , word of mouth can spread on how awful this is , and we can just let the wretched thing writhe in pain , as it drowns in its own shame for deliberately poisoning so many perfectly good minds . If you appreciate the fact that your body produces energy for you to perform any function , including seeing movies , you will spare it the humiliation of having wasted all of those nutrients , which it went through lengthy chemical processes to digest , on seeing the cinematic equivalent of septic leakage , known as `` XXX . ''
 The LA Times printed -LRB- after some crude chopping -RRB- my letter in their Calendar section of 02/20/05 . It 's a response to an article in which Samuel L. Jackson is being recognized as the top box office champ of all times , having starred in enough films -LRB- like the god-awful `` Caveman 's Valentine '' and the equally embarrassing and forgettable `` Changing Lanes '' just to name a fluffy few -RRB- to have raked in over 6 billion world-wide . `` I am now the No. 1 box-office star in the world , '' said Sam.In the article , the writer boasts of how `` strenuously '' Jackson prepares for a role , how he demanded the film 's makers not kill off his character in the `` XXX '' sequel -LRB- which stars that formidably-talented , classically-trained thespian O'shea Jackson -- otherwise known as Ice Cube . The original `` XXX '' -- as we all well know -- was a well-crafted character study starring none other than screen legend Vin Diesel -RRB- , so that , in the -LRB- inevitable and unfortunate -RRB- subsequent installments of the destined-to-be-classic film franchise , his character -LRB- the beloved and oft-quoted `` Gibbons '' -RRB- can appear once again , and invariable work his screen magic.The Los Angeles Times article was titled `` HE 'S THE $ 6-BILLION DOLLAR MAN . `` Here 's my submitted response : -------------------------------------------------------------- Regarding the Samuel L. Jackson Article of 02/13/05One can only wish that Samuel L. Jackson was as concerned with pushing the boundaries and challenging himself as an actor , and consistently choosing projects with more meaning and substance -LRB- than that contained within the `` XXX '' film franchise -RRB- , as he is with `` the numbers . `` As an African-American actor , I 'm greatly inspired by Jackson 's accomplishments within the entertainment industry , but not by his lackluster approach to the craft of acting . Although always solid on screen , and despite how he 's said to prepare for a role , Jackson essentially seems to play himself in every film he 's in.With his formidable presence , and not-to-be-messed-with attitude , he rarely shows human vulnerability or more than one dimension on screen . Jackson does n't appear to have really challenged himself since his star-making turn as a crack addict in `` Jungle Fever '' -LRB- his later role as Jules in `` Pulp Fiction '' appears to have cemented the stoic , one-sided image of him fans have come to admire , expect and invariably receive in his every film -RRB- . Sadly , I think Jackson 's attitude is indicative of what 's wrong with the entertainment industry at large
 This is possibly the worst movie of the year . Let 's just forget for a moment the outlandish stunts that are for the most part , absolutely impossible and not even close to believable . Let 's focus on the writing . This is just a poorly written movie . It 's cheesy and disgustingly predictable . It 's a great movie for people who do n't like movies with content .
 I love a good action movie . But unless you are the target audience for this movie -LRB- 13 year old males -RRB- this is not the movie to see . The dark , vulgar undertones of this movie traumatized my nervous system almost as much as the loud continuous noise and explosions that did not cease from film beginning to film end . The special effects attempted to be breathtaking , but the CGI in this film was poor at best . Many times I found myself shaking my head as Vin Diesel rushed into danger in a clearly fake CGI world . Then there is the acting and script . What acting and script ? I truly think that they were making this up as they went along . Have we really sunk this low that we are expected to be entertained with noise , explosions , and special effects without the benefit of meaningful acting and scripting . I feel insulted . The only redeeming factor of this movie -LRB- and I mean the only redeeming factor -RRB- was Samuel L. Jackson 's performance . But this was not enough to salvage this poor excuse for a movie . This really could be the worst movie ever made .
 Do n't watch this ... vin Diesel is a really bad actor ... and how come Sam Jackson signed up for this movie ... I ca n't explain how bad it is , It 's not even funny bad it 's just a head ache
 This film is awful . The plot is a twisted Bond-film scenario with only difference being that Disel is n't a professional spy , but recruited by the US Government because he appears to be tough and , at the same time , a criminal . The special effects were okay , but very predictable and hardly believable . The film also had some lines from previous Bond films , and even some screen shots that looked awfully similar to some of the past Bond movies . But Diesel is no Bond . He ... as a spy , and is an awkward actor at that .
 I am not going to compare this to Bond , as everyone else has picked up the similarity . What i will say , is some action films are so well crafted that even though after wards you will sit back and think wow , now that was ridiculous , whilst watching it you can lose yourself in the action . Unfortunately , xXx does not fit into this category . i exchanged incredulous chuckles with the stranger sitting next to me in the cinema at the sheer overblown action , which in no way convinces you of any realism involved . I dont know what decides whether an action film lives up to this particular benchmark of success , but several factors contributed to xXxs failure . One the stereotyped and cliched ` baddie ' characters left no doubt as to who would die a dramatic death in a stunning climax . The initial attempted chemistry between Xander and WhatsHerFace left no real doubt as to who would suddenly change sides . Unfortunately the wooden acting of Diesel did little to help matters , and where he was not grunting in monosyllables , he was attempting -LRB- and failing -RRB- witty comments . A fence post has more entertainment value than this actor.Anyway thats my review and my reasons for disliking it . Maybe it is me-as i do fit the MTV 18-25 category who i assume this film is aimed at . Maybe if i were female i would be bowled over be Diesels good looks , but i can only be thankful that i am not . To conclude , ill ignore my initial statement . This film lacks the believability , wit , fast paced action and character development of Bond films . although you always know bond will save the day , the plot of said films tends not to be signposted quite as obviously . That said , ill have to wait and see how Die Another Day compares .
 This movie is just like a James Bond wannabee , the cars the gadgets , are all copied from some James Bond movies . I am an avid fan of James Bond movies and I am not saying that I being a James Bond fan is bias in commenting this movie , but this movie and all its cast & characters still can not hold a candle to all the James bond movies .
 `` xXx '' must rank among the most insultingly stupid scripts of the year , ineptly directed in terms of actor/character direction , and mindnumbingly dumbed down for its presumably intended audience . I almost walked out of `` xXx '' at least five times but it was just so unfathomably bad that I was glued to the screen out of pure shock.Aside from probably the least - ... screen kiss ever , Vin Diesel does little to distinguish himself as an actor in this vehicle . His lines are delivered as though being read off cue cards . The plot is insipid , predictable and , surprisingly , even dated -LRB- aside from the notion of biological weapons -- no , wait , that 's been done before and better , too -RRB- . Not a single element in this movie aside from the inclusion of every imaginable `` extreme '' sport is anything that has n't already been included in a Bond film . Ironically , the first scene in `` xXx '' is designed to let the audience know they are NOT watching a Bond movie . It 's a tongue-in-cheek -LRB- if mean-spirited , like much of the rest of the film -RRB- nod at the Bond franchise that suggests this movie is going to go places Bond would never dare . Well , if going somewhere completely lacking in class and wit is where they intended , that is just about the only fresh ground covered . So intent were the producers on out-Bonding Bond that they ended up creating only a pale , inexplicably illogical , dull imitation . If all a viewer wants is to see some cool extreme sports stunts , renting a specialized video ought to be a much more fulfilling experience , especially since the stunts will be real and not riddled with editing gimmicks and digital enhancements .
 I was able to see this movie in Europe for free and let me just say it was terrible ; big explosions , and big stunts are the only dosis you 'll be getting , because as far as a good story or a bit of acting is concerned not a chance ! ... unless showing off your muscles every second can be call acting.Vin Diesel is one of the worst actors I 've ever seen , I wish Hollywood would give a chance to real actors who are just waitingfor the opportunity.Please do n't allow this to continue , bad movies must be stopped once and for all.Rent this movie if it makes you happy but do n't be another victim , or worst yet another supporter of this movie .
 No plot , full of cheesy lines you could recite before the characters did . The action did n't thrill me , the script did n't hold my attention . It even helped me like Vin Diesel a little less . I understand why it 's popular with the younger people - it would appear it was designed just for them . But defninitely - seeing a four star rating on this one has convinced me to NEVER trust a rating system EVER again .
 The first thing I noticed ? PG-13 ?? NO WAY ! Definitely NOT for YOUNG TEENS !!! There are a lot of sexual situations -LRB- basically having sex with whoever is behind the next door , including multiple partners , is highly glamorized , including the `` deleted scenes '' . -RRB- This is soft porn folks with a very misleading PG-13 rating . Now for the rest of the story
 For those folks who thought Micheal Bay 's `` Armegeddon '' was too realistic and too complicated as well as too boring , this film is for you . DUDE!This awesome flick is about one extreme dude who gets drafted by the system and is allowed to kick a bunch of gnarly butt all to an awesome soundtrack filled with even more extreme music . This movie rocks because it is non stop action and explosion . Vin Diesel is totally shredded and a totally hot actor who really knows how to snowboard , skydive and drive totally radical cars ... XXX also has a lot of totally fine babes who really know how to answer a booty call and pole dance to super X rave music . This movie just rocks . It 's almost as good as X-Box ! -LRB- I wo n't even mention Sega ! -RRB- I ca n't wait until XXX II , and XXX III , XXX IV and so on!Just kidding . It says something about a movie when my 10 year old alpha male son finds a film boring and gets up from the TV and goes off outside to shoot baskets with his friend in the below freezing weather . That was his reaction with XXX . His tastes run toward the `` Behind Enemy Lines '' and early Sean Connery James Bond ...
 This was the stupidest movie I have ever seen ! Awful acting ! Vin Diesel made guys like Arnold Swartzenagger look like Oscar material . Samual L Jackson was awful in this movie too , and he 's usually a great actor . The one liners that were supposed to be funny were n't , the action scences made you laugh . Like the part where he jump over the house on a motorbike and is able to shoot some guy in mid-air . I would give this 0 starts if I could .
 If you want a real spy thriller movie go see `` Die Another Day '' and watch it on DVD . I saw this when it came out to the theatres and trust me it 's a big ripoff . Everything in it is Diesel 's 007 impersonation . He 's jealous for one thing
 10 . You 're a girl that has a crush on Vin Diesel 9 . You 're a kid that has no idea who James Bond is . 8 . You 're a serious movie goer looking for comedy relief . 7 . You thought it was rated XXX . 6 . You 're a student from the USC film class `` Bad Movies 101 '' . 5 . You had nothing better to do with your time and money . 4 . You 're a first-time moviegoer that was tricked by your 15-year-old sister . 3 . You 're a critic that 's in hot water with his boss . 2 . You believe that the WWF and WCW is a real sport . 1 . That Vin Diesel guy is hot even if he ca n't act .
 This could have been a Patrick Swayzee flick made for the USA Network . Vin Diesel does what he can with what little he 's got to work with here , but he 's a star who deserves a much better vehicle than this . Cheesey as can be , bad , no , HORRIBLE acting and worst of all ... very mean spirited . At one point , the villans turn on a group of scientists who 've made a toxic nerve gas for them and from behind the safety of a thick , glass wall , use that weapon to kill the scientists and mock their deaths , pretending to choke and gag and plead for help while laughing at the dying victims . It 's unbelievably sadistic and violent for a PG-13 movie ... On a positive note though , the soundtrack is awesome . Seriously .
 Bad acting , unbelivable action shots , terrible dialogue , no plot , what more can I say than xxx is a waste of money and time .
 -LSB- I was very torn between giving this movie 2 or 3 stars , so I decided on a 2.5 rating -RSB- This movie is n't as great as it was hyped up to be . Right after seeing it , I thought it was really good ! But then once all the excitement died down , I realized that this movie pretty much stunk . It was very predictable . I mean , you know that Vin Diesel 's character is going to save the world , and that he 's going to get the girl . James Bond has nothing to worry about , since any of the Bond movies are better than this flick . It 's worth a peak , but it 's not a movie I would go out and buy . Sure it has a lot of action , but just action does n't make a movie . The plot is unoriginal and not that exciting . I think I kind of forced myself to like this because the kids I saw it with thought it was `` so tight '' but actually it 's not . So , if you 're looking for a cheesy action movie , you 've found it here ! Not that highly recommended . ... Enjoy ... well , maybe not ...
 I have to admit I am picky in the movies I like but I sat through XXX with a friend just waiting to see how bad this would be . Boy how I wish I had the two hours of my life back that I wasted watching this . This was the most awful movie I ever saw . I thought Queen of the Damned was bad but XXX takes the cake as the worst movie ever . Vin Diesel looks like a deer in the headlights trying to get his lines right . The confusion on his face just oozed out when trying to say a three syllable word . The movie was aimed at the teen/MTV world who do not like any dialoge in thier movies . The stunts were old , tired and cheesey and defied any bit of reality . And the effects looked like a cartoon . They used so many digital effects it was hard not to notice . Does anyone use really explosions anymore ? Yes it is a movie but when someone jumps 40 to 50 feet in the air on a dirtbike something is going to break . But neither Vin Diesel or the bike had a scratch . Just another bad line after every action sequence . I would rarely think of writing a review here but I just wanted to warn my fellow movie fans of this horror of a film . I like action movies like The Matrix , T2 , Total Reacall that have great action and a good story . XXX was just one long commercial for motor bikes , the X-Games and sleeping pills
 This is certainly one of the worst movies I 've had the unfortunate opportunity of viewing ... and the two friends that viewed it with me completely agree . Do n't get me wrong
 It is certainly the worst movie I have ever seen in all my life . Vin Diesel -LRB- so good in `` Saving Private Ryan '' under the direction of Steven Spielberg -RRB- plays so bad in this third rate movie -LRB- under the direction of Robert Cohen -RRB- . Vin Diesel looks so rigid with no facial expression and no acting . He is tatooed as a Christmas tree or a Casino fitted carpet -LRB- your choice ! -RRB- and he simply looks ridiculous . When you consider the natural presence of Vin Diesel -LRB- when he is himself -RRB- , what a pitty ! His clothes in this motion picture are certainly coming from a recycling clothes shop ... The scenario is completely empty . No dialogs , no drama , no unexpected scenes ! Just a ton of `` clich&eacute; '' or `` d&eacute;j&agrave; vu '' or `` one thousand times seen '' scenes . This movie is just a pretext for ridiculous stunts ... I am waiting when the US movie industry will propose to us a competition between a motorbicyle and the space shuttle at launch !!! -LRB- Could be a nice stunt -RRB- Directing actors was an option in this movie -LRB- Director which can not be found . He was sunbathing in Bahamas certainly -RRB- ... So why shoot scenes that we do not accept as possible ... After few seconds of analysis , this movie is a pure `` product '' for the 13-16 male young people target . I can not consider such product as a motion picture which must propose a scenario , dialogs , drama , directing and an artistic point of view . This product is `` only '' a marketing commercially designed PG-13 product . If you want to see a MEGA TOP THIRD RATE MOVIE and laugh a lot concerning one of the `` US movie industry '' most terrible products , just watch this product . It is going to become a master reference !!!
 My wife said it best `` this movie is for teen age boys '' . Sure there 's lots of action and stuff blowing up all over the place . Some great effects , although a bit far fetched in the reality department . But the acting ... yikes . Diesel takes the ` wood ' grammy away from Keanu . They should have given him a role like AAAH-NOLD in Terminator ... very few lines . And the female lead ... I guess shes good if you 're into `` heroin '' chic.Puullllease ! I guess some people liked it though ... possibly the same people who think pro wrestling is a sport !
 Okay , for some , this will be a great movie . I remember , as a teen , watching Stallone and enjoying many a movie where it was all about action and not about plot , character or acting . For the next generation , here is Vin Diesel . He is not James Bond , but maybe James Bond 's younger , American second cousin . Sure , he used some spy stuff , but for the most part , XXX uses ESPN Extreme Sports moves to make his plans work out okay.For the rest of us , this movie is not a good option . It actually got a little boring watching scene after scene staged just to show off another `` stunt . '' Perhaps if the pyrotechnics budget had been diminished just a tad and reinvested in a decent screenwriter and acting coach , this could have been a boxoffice blockbusting series in the making . Unfortunately , it is not .
 I 'll admit , I 'm not a big Vin Diesel fan ... even though I thought he did pretty well with the couple of lines he had in `` Saving Private Ryan '' . Having said that , this has got to be one of the worst action films I have ever seen . I watched a borrowed DVD and I 'm glad I did n't spend any money on it . This movie was so bad that my son and I were actually laughing at the action shots and how ridiculous the story line is . Come on now folks ... a daredevil , motocross ridin ' , skateboardin ' , snowboardin ' , skydiver turned special agent ??? Give me a break !!! Even the Bond films make the special agent a little more believable than this !! I thought the movie was bad when one of the action sequences shows Vin Diesel jumping over a storage building with his motorcycle , which is blowing up at the same time -LRB- the ramp was just sitting there waiting for him to jump the building I guess ... lol -RRB- ... but then when it got to Diesel sliding down a stair rail using a serving platter , then I knew how horrible this film really is . I wo n't even mention the snow avalanche sequence ... how incredibly stupid . To sum it up ... if you 're a teenager who absolutely loves Vin Diesel and movie quality does n't matter , then waste your bucks and buy this film ... but to everyone else , do n't waste your money .
 Bad . Just plain awful . Please skip this mindless drivel . The only people who liked this film are girls who think that Vin Diesel is `` cute '' and people who liked `` Fast & The Furious '' -LRB- another snoozer -RRB- . I am glad that I saw it on my friend 's PC and not at the theaters , so that I did n't waste $ 7.50 . Anyone who watched this film and was not insulted by its mindnumbing dialogue , horrid plot and overall crudeness should be ashamed of themselves . Not even Jean Claude himself could have saved this one . A total waste of time for the thinking movie goer . Hey kiddies , here 's an idea ; instead of watching this why not see a top-notch film like `` Far From Heaven '' or `` The Hours '' or even `` Minority Report '' ? Oh , thats right , got ta use the old noggin for that one ... never mind . It saddens me that movies have come to this .
 Am I the only person who is not taking crazy pills ? Vin Diesel is a freaking dork . He is the worst actor in the world . He speaks in one tone of voice , and he reminds me of a steriod-freaked John Madden . He is NOT the next great action star . He sucks . He has n't made one good movie , and everyone 's riding his nuts , just because he 's got muscles . Get off his nut sack people , and realize he needs to stay in the gym , and away from acting .
 The only reason I saw this movie was because of all the hype , -LRB- although my expectations were n't high to begin with -RRB- and I wish I had n't completly wasted 2 hours of my time . XXX was the stupidest movie I 've seen in a long time , the stunts are completly unbelievable , the acting is sub-par and the story is something that a 5-year old could understand easily , not to mention its about as stupid of a story as I 've ever heard . This movie is 100 % sensless , thoughtless action with no backbone . -LRB- The one redeeming quality it has is Sam Jackson as an actor but thats not enough to save it at all . -RRB- A movie for morons that do not know what a movie really is supposed to be .
 I 've only ever walked out of one movie , and this was it . I actually stayed for an hour , hoping it 'd get better ... but it actually got worse . The acting
 I paid good money for this thing so i can say what i like.This movie is suppose to put bond movies to shame , mission : failure.It copies every thing from those movies and still bites the big one.I love pointless action and unbelievable stunts but these are plain stupid.The only reason to watch is asia argento and her tattoo mmmmmmmm.vin diesel cant save this junk .
 I have to admit when I head that this movie was like a Bond film I went to rent it and after watching it I have say that dose have elements in that movie , but that is the only good thing about this flim.I have to admit his one-liners wo n't that funny and the music with the expection of the main theme song were bad , and did n't even fit the action scenes that they are being played with . Even the effects were also bad.The only good thing about this was the fact that I did n't go and see this movie is the theater to wast my money .
 What can you say about a movie with a story that 's even worse than Vin Diesel who wants to make us believe he can actually act . `` NO BRAIN , NO PAIN '' . Do n't waste your money on this piece of crap . Moviemaking at its all time lowest . 1 star because unfortunately 0 is not an option .
 `` XXX '' could be considered a mix of `` James Bond '' and `` The Saint '' with a little extra muscle added in to give it that macho feel.This movie is n't all that bad , however , I would have liked to see a bit more action involved . In certain parts of this film it tends to become slow and boring , and the action sequences are nothing spectacular.If you plan on seeing this film for the first time , go ahead and rent it before you purchase it .
 First of all , I know Vin Diesel can act , I 've seen him do so in other movies . I just do n't know why he ca n't act in this one ... I blame it on poor directing . If he 's going to be this bad in the rest of his movies , he should pull a Fast and the Furious and keep the lines to a bare minimum of monosyllables such as `` yes '' and `` no , '' `` sure '' ect , ect . The only reason I would buy this movie is because he takes his shirt off , and he is HOTTT ! Although the shirtless scene only lasted all of ten seconds , it was well worth waiting and hour into movie to see it . Now , if he had just kept his shirt off for the whole movie , or at least pranced around in one of his `` Pitch Black '' black tank tops , the whole thing would have been more enjoyable .
 The only thing that kept me awake after the first 5 minutes was the sound .
 Vin Diesel was awful in this movie . He could n't act his way out of a paper bag . the fast and furious was over the top and entertaining . Diesel was good in that flick . XXX was a lot of pointless action , no character or story development and unbelieve stunts . a lot of things happened with no real reasoning to why . Stay away . do not waste 2 hours on this one .
 This is an empty movie . Diesel ca n't act and does n't try . Where 's the action ? Where ? There are humorous moments but try an enjoy those on the third viewing . The most pain inflicted in this movie was certainly on the audience . From head bangin ' music to bad acting by the star - this movie will leave you feeling empty . You wo n't remember it in a week . Skip it and move on to something with some meat to it .
 This movie is not worth renting , let alone buying . I returned it to the video store right away because I would rather get charged for a late return on adult movies than this one . It would have been much better if it were shorter and could have benefited from some editing . It would also help if there was at least some realism within the action scenes . I mean motorcycles just do n't jump 20 feet off the ground without a ramp or something . Do not get me wrong I love action films but this one just crossed the line one too many times . The action was just not believable , but if you like that then who knows maybe you will like this one . I am not putting my name on this review for fear of people knowing I even rented this . Beware ... consider this a warning .
 Loved Vin in Pitch Black , he was pretty good in Fast and Furious too ... but this movie?Ths acting is flat , the stunts make no sense -LRB- jumping a motorcylcle over a 20 foot fence with no ramp ? I guess I missed the part where he put ET on his handlebars -RRB- and there is not much of a story to speak of ...
 Wow , this movie sucks really bad . I do n't get the whole extreme sports thing ? Is that cool to do an ollie with a motorcycle while shooting gaurds ? Is it even possible ? Vin Diesel sucks -LRB- literally -RRB- . He just does n't seem right doing half of the flips I see him doing . And , he looks like a bad transvestite when wearing a fur . The only good thing about this movie was Eve . Her ten minutes of fame . And , come to think of it , Eve looks like a bulldog . So , I guess there really is no plus to this movie . We need to send this movie to where Eve needs to go , back to the dog pound !
 Okay , they blow stuff up real good in this one . So I 'll give it 2 stars for stunts and pyrotechnics . And it gets itself over with quickly enough and does n't waste too much of your time , so another 1/2 star . And if you 're of a certain age , this tatoopiercedmuscledtuffguy might appeal as he swaggers about doing nastyforeignhipbadguys and foxybabesluthos . That it adopts the dopey James Bond quips and archaic attitude to women is just part of the genre I guess . Anyway , mindless noisy fun , forgotten the minute it 's over . Diesel 's act could fade fast .
 I was reading somewhere that this film was supposed to depose the James Bond franchise.That wo n't be happening in this lifetime.XXX is one of the worst movies I have seen in a very very long time . After reading about the work up about this film and Vin Diesel I really expected to have my sox blown off . Instead I was bored to tears . I was itching to leave the theatre and almost walked out on it the first quarter.The script is attrocious and the dialogue campy . If this was going to be a spy movie on the level of James Bond or even Mission Impossible I expected to see some sort of substance . All Diesel does in this flick is make smart remarks and flex his muscles . If Diesel really wants to show that he 's much more than just a younger version on Arnold and Sly he 's going to have to learn the art of subtlety . Otherwise he 's nothing but an overpumped action hero without any substance.This film should please those out there who like loud noise , mindless violence and explosions.But if you are looking for an intelligent spy movie perhaps you would be better of waiting for a gentleman by the name of : Bond , James Bond
 Boy was I disapointed . This film had no character developement , no real `` set up '' , and the stunts were ridiculous . This seemed more of a 007 `` wan na be '' , and 007 Vin Diesel is not . I watched the enitire film waiting for it to get better , it did n't . I would rent this before buying it , if I were you .
 Be warned , this is not in the same class as any of the James Bond series of films . Initially advertised as a new age , or hipper James Bond film , this one does not deliver . This was like K-mart James Bond with horrible dialogue , flat acting , and unbelievably bad stunt work . There was n't a single stunt in this movie that impressed me , I was left thinking oh wow , I ca n't believe there was that many explosions and it still stunk . Even the gadgets were goofy and unbelievable . You know its bad when the gadget guy manages to outfit an old GTO with a warehouse full of gadgets in an afternoon and provide a thick hand drawn instuction guide with it ! A total waste of time .
 Probably one of the most pointless films with one of the most pointless stars of today ... and the best thing is we can expect a sequel . Could someone please explain to me the appeal of Vin ? I mean , he did show some promise in far superior films like Pitch Black and Saving Private Ryan but enough already .
 This movie does n't even deserve one star . Vin Diesel is the worst actor . For ANYBODY to call him the `` new James Bond '' is sad and laughable . Say what you want about Roger Moore 's performances as James Bond , Vin Diesel could NEVER compare to him and he was the worst James bond ever !! The stunts in this movie are awesome , but the acting and plot is HORRIBLE !! I felt ashamed that I watched this movie because it insulted my intelligence . This movie was SO bad and to think it was a block buster hit !!! Vin is sexy -LRB- although he sometimes force it -RRB- , but nothing and I do mean NOTHING should excuse him for making this mess . C'mon Vin , do better next time !!
 I will make it short , about half way through the movie I turned it off . Probably one of the worst movies I have ever watched in my life . I did n't expect much from the acting to begin with , but it was worse than I could have imagined . Let 's just say , I hope this is the last of this franchise .
 Ok , I 'm going to make a list of movies stars did for the cash.This will be in the top ten . I like Vin Diesel , i admire his persistence and even think I met him long ago when he was abouncer . He 's also a Cancer . He 's a good nut . However like other jobs , you have to pay your dues to get to a certain position in Hollywood . And this movie is bad , reallybad . It catered to the teeny boppers watching slack jawed behind me in the theater and never stopped . The line about video games and rap music and stealing a politicians car because he opposes them in the beginning is so unamerican because do n't we have the right to not agree with certain things?Thats when I relaized I was in a video game . His co-star , while meant to be sexy , comes off as trashy and she is n't built up as the femme fatale or undercover Russian agent she turns out to be . Smauel Jackson is slightly comedic , unintentionally as a Bond-esque M and there will be a sequel . Hopefully art will entire and a good , action film will be made , not one where Vin Diesel looks like he ca n't act because he can act . he just ca n't act badly enough for this one .
 As an action movie , it just isnt quite enough . It tries hard , pulling all the usual strings , but aside from the avalanche scene -LRB- which is worth seeing -RRB- , the rest is pretty predictable and boring .
 I have a bad habit of buying films before i see them and sometimes it pays off . Donnie darko , trainng day and memento to name just a few but then you get that film that is so awful , your embarressed to have it in your dvd collection . This is that film . To summarise
 Vin Diesel is a great actor , as is shown in this movie -LRB- though some of his aesthetics were a bit overdone -RRB- . The action scenes were entertaining . But that 's about it . First off , the first 30 minutes were supposed to set up the story , but the plot was hard to follow . So that left me to guess what would happen in the rest of the movie , and that 's where it got terribly predictable
 This is the first time I write a review , so what made me do it
 Alright , alright . Before all the fans of this movie get jumpy because of my rating and title of this review , let me say my piece and get out of here : I know this film was supposed to be the James Bond of the PlayStation generation - if this effort was the filmmaker 's -LRB- including screenplay , etc -RRB- best , then I pity the PlayStation generation and their taste in films.Now , do n't get me wrong . I like Vin Diesel and his whole tough guy shtick , he pulls that off pretty well . But the supporting cast -LRB- with the exception of Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- was and remains abysmal - poor acting , poor delivery , poor us for having to suffer through it all . It was an obvious rip-off of the Bond formula , which has worked for 40 years and 20 films , and will continue to do so . Hip-ifying the ` formula ' for the latest generation is not a bad idea , it just was n't done very well . I know there will be a sequel , just like Fast and The Furious , which Vin is not scheduled to appear in -LRB- TF&F ; 2 , that is -RRB- . He will be in XXX 2 , however.XXX was OK . I do n't think this movie or TF&F ; is worthy of building a franchise , but they did n't ask me , did they?Alas , if you are in the mood for a film where you do n't have to think -LRB- because there 's nothing to figure out -RRB- , by all means , buy this DVD . Personally , I 'd rent the sucker .
 Director Rob Cohen hooks up with his Fast and Furious star Vin Diesel for an abrasive exercise in wall-to-wall stunts . The mindless , contrived plot well-serves the eye-popping action sequences , but only time will tell if Diesel 's hip hop secret agent will replace the durable Bond franchise for the video game generation.The amazing , extreme stunts and chases make this worth considering . Extras include deleted scenes and an alternate ending.Eye candy at best and mindless FX at worst . One great avalanche and a listless , perhaps embarassed -LRB- ? -RRB- , Diesel ca n't really save this oddity .
 THIS MOVIE WAS A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT , VERY UNREAL , JAMES BOND MOVIES ARE WAY BETTER
 THIS WAS EXTREMELY BORING , THIS MOVIE REMINDED ME OF THE RIDICULOUS MOVIE IF LOOKS COULD KILL STARRING RICHARD GRIECO A FEW YEARS BACK ... PLAIN SILLY .
 Poor Sam Jackson . It 's a pity seeing his talents go to waste in a supporting role in this mainstream crowd pleaser that is really a vehicle for wanna-be action superstar Vin Diesel . Rob Cohen , director of the equally dreadful Fast & The Furious is at the helm here , and the results are nothing better . XXX is nothing more than James Bond for the MTV drones the world over , replacing a suave , classy secret agent with an overgrown , over muscled , and marketable `` actor '' who is saddled with the label of being the next big action hero . Funny thing is that Vin Diesel actually can act underneath the muscle and bald head -LRB- watch Saving Private Ryan or Boiler Room and see what I mean -RRB- , but his acting talents go to waste here just as they did in Fast & The Furious and he is nothing more than eye candy and box office draw for young teen girls swooning over tickets to a Linkin Park conert . Ethnic stereotypes are abound as well , not to mention some very choppy edits in action sequences , and the rest of XXX is just mindnumbing . All in all , if you want to see an exceptional film , watch Minority Report or Blood Work instead of this , your braincells will thank you later .
 Typical hollywood drool geared for teens with gender identity crisis ... all special fx and no meaningful plot , This movie -LRB- just like Fast & Curious -RRB- -LSB- was weak -RSB- !
 I watched this movie because I like Asia Argento . However , even her usual screen presence could not make this movie work for me . The hero XXX -LRB- Vin Diesel 's character -RRB- is dislikable . I found myself wanting him killed after the first five minutes . If you like action try Minority Report . XXX is a definite thumbs down .
 This was just thunderously bad . Buffed `` multicultural '' Vin Diesel is Xander Cage in `` xXx , '' directed by Rob Cohen who gave us `` The Fast and the Furious . '' Cage is an extreme sports athlete who gets recruited by Gibbons -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson , who 's too good for a movie like this -RRB- as a spy and gets sent to Prague . From there , `` xXx '' morphs into to a James Bond film on steroids for teens with short attention spans . Cohen is n't concerned about giving us an interesting spy film that thrills ; he 's more concerned about pumping our adrenaline . But even on that level he fails . The stunts are the most absurd I have ever witnessed . Diesel cruises through a series of action sequences that flirt ever so closely with death , and he emerges from all of them completely unbruised and unscathed . I realize that movies like this require some suspension of disbelief , but this was just ridiculous . Instead of exclaiming `` wow , '' I was rolling my eyes contemptuously every fifteen minutes . Asia Argento does little more than serve as an ornament to the story 's predictable `` love '' subplot . She spends a good 90 % of her role giving forced come-hither glares , and she speaks in horrifically broken English . The special effects are aiight , but I can get better thrills off my buddy 's PS2 . As with any DVD for a recently-released movie , `` xXx '' has a sharp picture and incredible surround sound . But that hardly matters for a film this inept . `` Your performances are weak '' barks Diesel in one of the movie 's early scenes . Like he should talk . `` zZz '' is a more apt title for this low-wattage thriller .
 This movie had me lost within 10 minutes . As soon as Vin started spewing his tirade about how bad the government was because it tried to censor any cliched `` Gen-X/Y '' touchstone , i.e. video games and rap music , I looked at the rest of the movie through the eyes of someone who was trying to be blatantly marketed to . This never stopped , between the then trendy music , the constant attempts to be hip -LRB- mentioning Playstation a few times -RRB- , it was obvious they were trying to create a franchise by throwing everything 20-somethings are supposed to like in a pot , blow stuff up around it and watch the money roll in . I have never felt so insulted by a movie in my life . If your idea of a good time is watching a movie that does nothing but pander to the cliche of what the `` young generation '' likes according the a studio 's marketing department , watch `` XXX '' -LRB- even a porn reference in the title to `` spice '' it up -RRB- . This movie is one of those terrible 60s beach movies with half the intelligence and 100X the budget . Marketing departments should n't write movies , writers should .
 The action was cheesy , the things he said are cheesey , the plot is cheesey , add it all up and what do you get ? One terrible movie
 `` some one please kill me '' was what i was thinking during the film in the middle of the film and at the end . I really couldnt be bothered to watch the end it was so bad i was just pointing out all the mistakes in the movie i dont count this as a film because most films have a plot . Anyway what im trying to say is that my step mothers funeral was more interesting than this film
 This film could really be summed up in one word `` Appalling '' . Van Diesel plays the archetypical ` action hero . ' Yeah you 've got it , the one whose status is big muscles and has ' I ca n't act ' written all over his face ! The trailer for the film looked absolutely awesome , which is the only 30 seconds worth watching for the entire film.I would love to explain in depth the details of the plot , but quite frankly I was too busy laughing at how pathetically shallow the plot was to even remember it.If you are a Samual L Jackson fan do n't torture yourself by sitting through the film , not even the master himself can do it any justice whatsoever.Nevertheless as taste is unaccountable I can only recommend you rent this film from your local video rental store or whomever !
 This movie was horrible . So bad that it is the only movie I have ever been to that when it was over everyone in the theater started laughing at how bad it was .
 I was excited to see this film . I loved Vin Diesel in Fast and The Furious , and I thought it would be more speed , more cars , more stunts . I guess in some way the movie did meet these expectations - there were tons of jaw dropping stunts , fast moving snow boarders , and cool stuff in general . Does that equal a good film ? NO.In fact , this is one of the worst movies I 've seen to date . The acting is lifeless , the plot is a joke , and it caters to a viewer who enjoys watching the previews more than the movie . Now normally I might let a movie like this slide , if it had some degree of self-awareness . If it recognized the cheesy flash-bang approach it had chosen to take - but all these characters took themselves seriously . They did n't get that they were in a stupid movie - they thought they were in a high class bond film ... So if you 're just into big explosions , mumbled lines , and stupidity , go see this film . However , if your IQ is greater than that of a small monkey , it would be in your best interest to avoid it ...
 Well i saw this movie on the night of its release ... Just like most women in this world I am a HUGE VIN DIESEL fan ... I saw him in the Fast and the Furious , Pitch Black , Boiler Room , and so on . I was SADLY DISSAPOINTED by this movie . It was long and dry . The funny parts were few and far between , and there was sooo much action in it that it was almost UNBEARABLE to watch . Between the mediocre acting and the tired fighting scenes . It leaves u drained . NOT VIN DIESELS FINEST HOUR I WILL SAY . .
 For those of you `` ranting '' about how cool the stunts were in this piece of ... movie you should know the truth ; one of the stunt doubles for Vin Diesel was killed in the paragliding scene . His name was Harry O'Connor . Knowing this fact will probably make you ... think this movie is even more cool .
 I thought this would be a good movie , I was very wrong.The acting is terrible , not only Vin Diesel 's but all the actors are not doing a very good job , even Samuel L. Jackson 's level is being dragged down by the rest.In this kind of movies the story does n't have to be that good if the stunts are great , but they can not even do that right
 I watched this movie because a friend said it was excellent , and claimed it was better than the Bond series . Being a Bond fan , I wanted to see weither James Bond or xXx was better ... I looked forward to the end of xXx . It bored me with its terrible plot line and not-so-witty comments . Also the action was a bit too far fetched . It was horrible.Had it not been a library movie ... I would have recycled it .
 XXX is like that popular girl that everybody wanted to date in high school . Y' know the one , the hot homecoming queen that is so popular you figure she 's got to be great and you dream about going out with her . Problem is , when you finally do ... you wonder what the big deal was because she 's got no personality and is as boring as an insurance sales convention !! And not as pretty as you thought she was , either!This movie is all marketing and technique and loud annoying German techno-metal , but there 's nothing cool about it ! How can that be when you 're talking about a movie about an extreme athlete who becomes a secret agent ? I have no idea how , but they 've made it lame.You get the feeling that the movie was spawned during a meeting of studio execs when some `` genius '' had the idea of a guy outrunning an avalanche with a snowboard . They just needed a way to fit it in a movie ... the result is a remarkably boring and overwrought piece of dreck , and also one of the five most fake movies of all time ! A heat-seeking missle homing in on a cigarette ? C'mon now , this is utterly absurd!Maybe if they had tried to make the movie a little more fun , a little more tongue-in-cheek , it might 've been okay . But it takes itself way more seriously than it ought to ... and the result is derivative and laughable . It 's on par with the worst of the James Bond movies ... which is pretty bad -LRB- ever see `` License to Kill '' ? -RRB- ! Everyone associated with this should 've known better ! 5/10 .
 With last year 's ` Fast and The Furious ' and now ` XXX ' Director Rob Cohen and his team have come up with a new kind of movie franchise ; take some bad acting , sophmoric dialouge , surround them with a heavy metal soundtrack , a lot of special effects and tired stunts and hope for the best ... Vin Diesel was fine in supporting roles in `` Boiler Room '' and `` Saving Private Ryan '' but he ai n't no James Bond , and as an action superstar in `` XXX '' he displays as much charisma as yesterday 's bed of lettuce.Even the great Samuel J. Jackson is crippled by the deadly screenplay . . you can almost hear him saying to himself `` let me get my check and get the hell out of here '' ... The DVD is loaded with special features , but when a movie is this bad , it 's kind of like puttting a Lexus hood ornament on a Dodge Dart .
 this movie was so amazingly bad , i valued my time back more than the money i spent to see it . Nothing made sense , and after the first 10 minutes , i did n't care anyway , vin diesel 's worst movie without a shadow of a doubt
 `` XXX '' is a complete knock-off of a Bond film . Nothing is original or entertaining -LRB- Eeven the name XXX was copyed from The Spy Who Loved Me -RRB- . CGI is used way too often , and the plot-line is absolutely dumb ! And Vin Diesel really dose n't help the film . Diesel 's acting is horrible and film is filled with nonsense scenes.A few weeks ago I saw the new Bond film `` Die Another Day '' , and it totally blew `` XXX '' out of the water !
 First off , I like the film . But ... the blu-ray is disappointing . The clarity is not what I expected and no better than the DVD . In a word , grainy . So , if you got the film on DVD , just keep than and enjoy a fun action film . The blu-ray has no further special features or anything else special .
 `` xXx '' can be summed up in four words
 Okay . How can anyone actually give this movie even 3 stars ? Diesel 's arrogance may be a little amusing at the beginning -- I actually thought it was going to be a comedy -- but the bridge stunt was stupid . Stupid
 XXX was horrible ! I did n't expect TOO much from Vin Diesel in the first place , but he was even WORSE than I had expected . This movie had a pathetic plot , stupid dialogue , and the most far-out fake action sequences I 've seen in years . I do not understand what the hype is about XXX . The main reason why I kept watching was to see more of Samuel L. Jackson , but even his role was n't worth my time , and I LOVE Samuel L. Jackson . If you just have to see it because of him , let me give you a word of advice
 I saw this because I had heard it was good . I mean it did really well at the Box-Office , so I figured , this cant be bad . Thought it would be a high-octane Bond movie . But to even mention Bond here would make every Bond ever , puke . -LRB- including Timothy Dalton -RRB- . The way this movie starts says it all . Vin steals a Car and runs it off a bridge , then jumps out and parachutes down before gravity takes over . Sounds cool does n't it , but hold on , as he is driving the car he is looking into a camcorder he has with him , broadcasting his adventure over the airways , and amidst the banter he actually says `` you have entered the Zander Zone '' . What the ... !!! And it does not get better after that . For the next 45-50 minutes I sat there and heard cheesy line after cheesy line until I just got feed up and turned it off . Admittedly I did not see the entire film , though I seriuously doubt it got any better . The Fast and the Furious was a decent movie over all it had its problems but it lacked the cheesy lines . And though XXX had Samuel L. to try and give it some credibilty , even his role was far under par for him . Though he did not have a line as bad as the `` they called me mr. glass '' banter that ended Unbreakable , his performance was still horrible . When they make XXX 2 , they should just make it a silent film , then it might be entertaining because you would not have to listen to a ... script . Everyone involved with that script should look for a new career because that was horrible . Over all I would not wish my worst enemy would have to sit through this film . Personally I would rather check out the new Steven Segal flick , though he is the worst actor ever born , he does not try the cheesy line bit .
 i heard this was to surpass james bond . I think not . The actions scenes were decent , but the story -LSB- was n't -RSB- . It was played on a second grade level . You know whats going to happen from the very beggining . dont waste your time watching this pathetic movie .
 `` XXX '' and `` Austin Powers '' take their love for James Bond in opposite directions but end up in pretty much the same place . Unfortunately , only one of them is meant to be funny . It 's hard to imagine a film so bad you could accurately describe it as a blot on Danny Trejo 's resum&eacute; , but here it is . I 've heard Vin Diesel liken this to `` the climax scenes from every action movie ever made , all rolled into one . '' He 's right . But writer Rich Wilkes and director Rob Cohen seem to have forgotten that a climax is only exciting as the payoff to something else
 When this film came out at the cinema , I thought it would be the usual cliched , mainstream action film . So I never bothered to see it . As I had nothing to do the other day , I just decided to borrow it from a friend . And I have to say , it 's not very often that I expect nothing of a film and get a lot less than I expected . Vin Diesel is laughable in his role as a super-hero agent , the script is weak , uninteresting and non-believable . The action sequences are also non-believable and mediocre at best and not as `` mind-blowing '' , as the trailer would lead you to believe . The only reason I can think of for the making of this movie is to satisfy bored teens .
 Vim Diesel is even a worse actor than Richard Gere ! He should consider to work as a doorman again !! I give it 2 stars , because sometimes I am to lazy to think at the movies . So brainless entertainement is sometimes quite fun .
 This movie is a good one to rent if there isnt anything else u have to watch . The story line is bad . U can guess what is going to happen all the time . Do not buy this movie
 I would rate this movie as just `` Interesting '' . The acting is terrible and I started to get tired of all the one liners . Vin Diesel did an ok job for a B-Actor , but the supporting actors acting was laughable . It reminded me of the cheesy robo-cop movies . I found the action on par and pretty good . Better than high profile movies such as Mission Impossible 2 -LRB- Although , the motorcycle stunts are quite far fetched . -RRB- This movie was interesting to watch , but just that . It was ok to watch once , but I would n't buy it .
 Not funny , though it has moments -LRB- about three at my last count -RRB- . The characters are pitiable in their ignorance ; and our `` hero '' does n't seem to learn a ... thing from his consistently bad decisions . To think , even within the context of the time frame of when the film was made , that an -LSB- alternative lifestyle -RSB- man was in his mid-twenties living in an urban area was so mis-informed or , sadly , un-informed about AIDS , his desires , and his denial is absolutely ludicrous . It could have been charming . It could have been poignant . It could have been many things , but disappointing , ignorant and pathetic are the only adjectives that come to mind . These aspects , even in context of when the film was made , were irresponsible and a true disservice to the -LSB- alternative lifestyle -RSB- community as a whole . ...
 I suppose that Jeffrey was groundbreaking when it came out , as it addressed AIDS in a humorous way . I saw the play when it was off Broadway . I did n't like it then . I did n't like it years later , and I do n't like this movie , which is somewhat faithful to the play.I do n't think that the director , the actors , the producers , or the studio can be blamed for my dislike of this film . It just is n't my cup of tea.Now , I 've seen and loved many films of this genre , especially Longtime Companion and Parting Glances . I 've loved plays from this genre too . My problem with this play is that it comes off a bit too light and whimsical and less like a play than a series of vignettes clipped together with Scotch tape and staples.With the exception of The Sum of Us , I do n't know of any film of the genre in which the actors speak directly to the audience . It bothered me in The Sum of Us , though not to distraction , and it bothers me here to a large degree.Emotions are over the top and so is the acting . As a comedy , this is great stuff , I suppose , if you are a member of Act Up . I do n't subscribe to this kind of humor . It 's not offensive . It just IS N'T ! Seeing a crowd of people who do not know the lead character chase him down the street asking him why he wo n't go on a date with a man with HIV is just a bit too Bye Bye Birdie when you 're dealing with a serious subject - even if it is a comedy.I do n't know . I have many friends who love this film . It just does n't suit me . I think it 's a lousy film based on a lousy play . Maybe you 'll think differently .
 It is ok if You want to see it , but I wouldnt recomended to buy it , cause I wont see it more then the timne I saw it , I really do not know why people have given so much stars to a very regular movie
 If your idea of a good movie is a homophobic film that paints all gay men as either having AIDS or bound to get it anyway , then JEFFREY is right up your alley . For the rest of us it is just a sad joke . The main character is so petrified of catching HIV that he literally comes across as a paranoid schizophrenic ! This film is nothing but stereotype after stereotype . Nathan Lane appears as a priest who tries to molest Jeffrey and then lets him in on the secret that `` God is found in a Barbra Steisand album . '' Huh ?? The only funny parts are teh Sigourney Weaver cameo and the phone call with Mom & Dad . otherwise the writing is just horrid ! When confronted by a group of bashers they ask what kind of weapon he has . Jeffrey responds `` irony ... adjectives . '' Say what ? Avoid this at all costs !
 Dull , boring , crude and irreverent . If this so called musical wasabout heterosexuals , it would be just as bad . Although Patrick Stewartput forth a good performance , it was sad to see him in such a poorly donefilm . The story line could have been solid if done in a more realisticand honest fashion , but it was definately not the best idea for amusical comedy . Crude humor greatly reduced what little value theover all story had .
 I can not believe that so many people actually liked this movie . I have seen over 60 gay and lesbian movies and this is by far the worst one that I have ever had the misfortune to watch-with `` Chuck and Buck '' running a close second .
 This old TV special is made up from 10 cartoons , using only about 3 minutes of that cartoon . It would have gotten 5 stars if the cartoons were complete.For some unexplained reason the Easter Bunny calls Granny to tell her that he is sick & unable to distribute Easter Eggs . Granny thinks Bugs Bunny would be a good substitute , so she goes down to the Warner Brothers Studio where Bugs is filming 3 minute segments to complete his cartoons . Here she must sit through the various filmings & screenings of Looney Tunes Cartoon segments to try to talk to Bugs.The new animation is pretty poor & Mel 's vocal work is weak -LRB- well he is older -RRB- . It is hard to realize that this poor material was produced & directed by veteran Looney Toonists FRIZ FRELENG & BOB McKIMSON.Oh , and since this was for the kiddies , all gunshots by Elmer Fudd have been edited out of the TV Special . -LRB- NOT by Warner for the DVD . -RRB- Cartoon clips used from :1 -RRB- Knighty Knight Bugs2 -RRB- Hillbilly Hare3 -RRB- Bully for Bugs4 -RRB- Tweety 's Circus -LRB- Tweety & Sylvester -RRB- 5 -RRB- Birds Anonymous -LRB- Tweety & Sylvester -RRB- 6 -RRB- For Scent-Imental Reasons -LRB- Pepe Le Pew -RRB- 7 -RRB- Rabbit Of Seville8 -RRB- Foghorn Leghorn cartoon9 -RRB- Robin Hood Daffy -LRB- Daffy & Porky -RRB- * almost complete , only the ending has been removed to segway back to the new animation . * 10 -RRB- Sahara HareBONUS COMPLETE CARTOON : HIS HARE RAISING TALE - basically a clip-show cartoon in which Bugs tells his nephew about his various adventures in 8 minutes , this means very short clips.So unless you want to collect everything Looney Tunes , wait for this April 's real Bugs Bunny & Daffy Duck cartoon collections to come out with complete cartoons.Bugs Bunny
 This movie was not what I expected . I was looking for nostalgia , instead I got different scenes from bugs bunny shows , all of which had nothing to with Easter . Save your money and do a search on youtube .
 I am a huge fan of David Caruso and looked forward to seeing this film - it seemed to offer something different and enjoyable - What a disappointment!Almost 90 % of the film seems to have been shot in the dark or half light making it very difficult to really see what is happening - I suppose it would be alright for a young person with 20/20 vision but it did n't suit me . I have put it in my pile of DVD 's to go to the charity shop !
 I 'm a little flabbergasted by some of the reviews on this site . Everyone else on planet earth seems to acknowledge this film as the turkey it is . Dubbing Samuel Le Bihan -LRB- the ` french ' love interest -RRB- was a criminal act , making his scenes outright laughable.Please do not waste your money on this , watch it on TV if you must as im sure it will be on very soon !!!!
 Hello , you should think twice to make a dvd with english subtiles or closed captioned for the deaf to understand the movie ... you only made spanish subtiles , so it really insult the deafies without the english subtiles or closed captioned . I think that movie is good , but I completely do n't understand what it is TALKING ABOUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you do n't care about deafies , get a LIFE !
 The description for this movie is grossly misleading . The abusive husband was more like a tortured husband whom the wife could not help nor understand and was led to alcoholism and self destruction . The only decent performance is Tim Roth 's who only seems to be in the movie for about 5-10min . There is very little suspense , or horror beyond a few weird phone calls and a wife with a guilty conscience seeing her dead husband . Worth seeing if you are a Roth fan but I would n't waste too much time otherwise .
 This movie is fairly typical of the `` romantic/ghost '' genre . A grieving widow sees `` signs '' that her deceased , alcoholic , husband is trying to somehow contact her . In the meantime a romantic love interest moves in next door.The movie is well acted , Andie McDowell is excellent as a confused , grieving widow trying to take care of her kids . Even Margot Kidder -LRB- superman -RRB- is good as the psychic co-worker . The film ultimately falls flat when the `` signs '' and the message are a disappointment . Granted the movie is more about grief and forgiveness and if that 's the case , why do we need a ghost story to do it?Last but not least , shame on whomever decided that Samuel Le Bihan needed to be dubbed.Rent it but do n't expect it to be as thrilling as the box cover .
 This was the absolute worst version of Joseph that I have ever seen . And what makes it bad -- the awful performace by Maria Friedman as the Narrator . Anyone who knows Joseph knows that the Narrator must belt , but Friedman simply can not belt and it brings down the overall production of the show .
 I saw this show on broadway as a child . I loved it . I listened to the original broadway cast album over and over and loved it . The songs were charming and smart , the message was honest and true , and the narrator was sung by one of the finest voices ever to grace the American stage . On the stage , the sets were minimalist and simple and supported the cast and story rather than overpowering or outshining them.This video production of the show sadly misses the spirit of the show and just does n't have the best people singing it.This show was originally created to be preformed by students in schools . It was a low budget production that showed off talent and concepts , and splashy production was n't required or desired . This video version is all splashy production , with very little substance or soul . It 's glitzy and glittery and you end up thinking about how pretty it looks rather than feeling involved in the story or the music.Maria Friedman does a competent job as the narrator , although the role was written for a man and was , I believe , only changed for the female voice for performance by the immortal Laurie Beechman , who is sadly no longer with us . Maria is likeable enough , she 'll do . Perhaps if I had n't heard the role sung by the best , I would n't be so critical of her in comparison . Donny Osmond does a good job * acting * the role of Joseph , but does n't sing it as well as the gentleman who I remember on Broadway . The rest of the cast is , well , * there * . I 've seen the DVD twice and I can barely recall any of their faces , so I suppose they could be referred to as * forgettable * . I do have to admit I was amused by Joan Collins 's cameo . As she sings all of one sentence , her voice is not at issue.I also particularly disliked that they 've moved the song `` any dream will do '' to the beginning of the show . It was written for the end of the show , and does n't make any sense at the beginning . It 's out of context , and also I believe it was intended as an expression of angst and confusion and loss , and yet it 's played as a cheerful happy song , which * really * does n't make sense to me.This production makes me feel like Andrew Lloyd Webber has forgotten what the show is about.If there was any other version of this show available on video , I would not have bought this one .
 Donny Osmund is fantastic . But I would never let my children watch this video . I ca n't believe how the women are portrayed in this production -- obviously there are none in the story , so the women ca n't be anything but chorus members . But that does n't mean they have to be chorus members from a burlesque show . Jacob even gets seduced by a sexy dancer ! Was this necessary ? Especially in a show marketed to families ! The production was overdone , and I do n't care if the man IS Richard Attenborough , he ca n't sing . How about hiring singers for a musical ? What a radical idea ! Anyway , if you like the show and want to share it with your family , buy the album and go see a local production . Too bad this was such a lost opportunity . Especially considering what a wonderful Joseph Donny made ...
 Okay , I got this movie at the library . Now everybody told it was horrible , but I had to see it myself . I 've only just flicked through a couple of the scenes , but what I have seen is enough . First of all , most of the sets that I 've seen are AWFUL ! For example , watch the `` Jacob and Sons/Joseph 's Dreams '' scene . It looks like it was a computer graphic ! Is it ? Why ? Also , the costumes ! Why is the narrator in sneakers and what 's with her shirt ? You really have to see it to believe it . She ca n't really sing , either . The kids look so gray and drab ! They could have done a much better job with this production , as it was such an important milestone in the partnership of ALW and TR.Ok , just listened to Potifar ! What 's with that phony accent ? This proves it , they should have a much better narrator . If you have n't seen the tour , Amy Adams is great ! Much better than whoever sings her part in the movie!Now what 's with her doing sound effects in `` one More Angel in Heaven . '' The scene is also a great example of the the set makers messed up.PS
 I used to have the album - and as well performed it in chorus when I was a teenager . I loved my old album . I had read the reviews - and changed my mind based on the reviews - I probably should have kept with the version I thought I previously had - which likely was the original . I listened to bits and pieces - but just did not enjoy it and wo n't likely listen to it again . I was so disapointed in the CD that I have not watched the Video yet . If you have long ago memories of how great this was - this might not be the version for you ??
 Very Disappointed in the presentation compaired to the stage performance which is what I was looking for .
 Anyone who saw the stage production of JOSEPH AND THE AMAZING TECHNICOLOR RAINCOAT must be disappointed by the movie . The main problem is the staging of it as a play at a school , resulting in unrealistic and cutesy scenes of kids worshipfully smiling at singing adults . The music is good , but the narrator makes faces , and Danny Osmond with long hair and half-shaven looks like he just woke up from sleeping on the street . My advice if you have this video is to close your eyes , and just listen to the music .
 Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is one of my favorite stage productions . I got real excited when it was coming out in video . However , I am very sorry to say that this video version of Joseph is just plain terrible as compared to the many many stage productions I have attended . This production is not even close to how great the stage production is . I wasted my money on this tape . Sorry
 I have heard great things about Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat . This was just not my cup of tea . I thought the singing and the characters were horrible . Some of the clothing was very suggestable in my opionion . I would not recommend this video at all . Though others who gave it a bad review , said they had seen better ones done live . So i am going to try to keep an open mind and try to go to a live one in a theater near by , where maybe I will be able to see what everyone is talking about . The whole movie just left me bored and was n't a movie that inspired my and my faith . It was cheesy to say the least .
 This filmed version of the play is both enjoyable and annoying . The story is a tuneful , mostly cheerful telling of Joseph 's story from his coat of many colors to slavery to power , but those looking for a reverent Bible story will be disappointed in this mocking and sarcastic show . On the plus side , Donny Osmond is quite appealing as the innocent Joseph and sings with ease and emotion ; his scenes are the best.My problems stem from the structure of the show . The action takes place on a school stage with the students often chiming in as a choir and it just does n't gather any dramatic steam . The composers were only 19 and 21 when this was first conceived and their music is catchy and the rhymes are clever , but there 's no continuity or sense of serious theatre . One never suspends disbelief because we are constantly reminded it 's just a school play.The songs range from sweet to kitschy in pop , calypso , disco , and cowboy-country style . The props are painted cardboard and the costumes go from period to techno to kid-unfriendly suggestive . The narrator -LRB- Maria Friedman -RRB- has the most screen time and she 's an annoying know-it-all who continually grabs the spotlight away from the action.Several of the songs are quite nice and will stick with you , especially `` Any Dream Will Do '' and `` Close Every Door , '' and Pharoah 's Elvis impersonation is funny , if weird . The show was originally aimed at children , but I think they might lose interest . The play lacks the substance of the composers ' later `` Jesus Christ Superstar , '' but is nice for Donny fans .
 However , if you found Cats silly and lacking in plot , you 'll pass this one by.It opens well , but as it goes on it just gets silly , and lacks Biblical correctness.As far as family viewing , some may not appreciate seeing Donny Osmond practically gang raped or Joan Collins nipple costume.Joseph King of Dreams -LRB- a cartoon -RRB- is better .
 I 've seen this play performed in several youth stage programs and I loved it . I saw this movie and was deeply disappointed . The singing was alright but everything else about the movie was horrible . The directing was bad and the characters seemed to be making fun of the story instead of portraying it as a true event that actually happened . After seeing it I feel that the rating should be at least PG-13 because of the many sugestive scenes and revealing costumes . If you are thinking of buying the movie I suggest you rent it first .
 I was disappointed in the DVD version of Joseph . The background looks like a cartoon . The Broadway production was awesome , but the DVD is nothing like it . The music is the same , but moves slower on the new release . Rent it before you buy it .
 The only reason I gave this one star is because we all know that people do n't read the good reviews , we only read the bad ones.Well this PRODUCTION of this show deserves at least a 4 . For all of you whining about things like the overproduction of the show , keep in mind that this version of this show was produced to appeal directly to children . You 're certainly not going to keep the attention of a 4 year old if it looked like it did on stage!And what 's all this complaining about having the children singing and in some of the scenes . Kids enjoy seeing kids ! How difficult is that to see ??? Okay , I 'll definitely agree that the Collins scene is WAY too sexed up . That was a big mistake . I find myself skipping over this scene when I 'm watching with my kids . Also , someone mentioned the sound problems on a home theatre and I 'm seeing them too.Look , Realize this , very few stage shows -LRB- with the exception of Into the Woods -RRB- can be adapted to film with no changes . You 're looking at a whole different kind of audience - many of which have never set foot in a REAL theatre . Give them a break , they did a darn good job for what they had to work with.Oh , and if you 're just writing because you do n't like the show - give the guy a break , he was in college when he wrote it ! I 'd like to see one of YOUR first college projects!Now be nice ...
 This is yet another example of an excellent musical play made into a horrible movie . The original play was purposefully set in unrealistic situations , but at the same time the music was of excellent quality . The movie has taken the play and turned it into a comedy that is not funny . The music has become farce . Beautiful semi-classical style music from the play has been dumbed down into cheap rock junk . The singers exaggerate emotions so much that it borders on ridiculousness . Nowhere is this more present than in the narrator 's horrible exaggerated singing style . The only bright spot in this movie is Donny Osmond 's singing quality . He seems to be the only actor in the movie who uses breath support while singing .
 I was very excited as many of my fellow reviewrs for the debut of Joesph on home DVD . However , the movie was not to my liking . It took away from the great play it was and it left me shaking my head . It has been dramatically changed from its stage version and its been made way to `` children-y '' and cartoony . I was n't sure I was was watching Barney or a beloved play during this DVD . Friedman was awful , I could n't stand her by the end of the movie . The brothers were good but I 've seen better acting in a high school play for those parts . A lot of the songs were changed and the movie lost all the magic the original joseph had . The Proprieter scene was god-awful . Osmond was good , however , and I give 2 stars for his performance and the play itself because it really is a masterpiece . If you have a slight intrest in Joseph or live in a small town where the play will never come to you , buy this video to experience part of Joseph . I hope somebody re-makes this DVD sometime in the future for other generations to fully enjoy .
 I am highly disappointed with this movie . The set , the music , the acting was all magnificent ... however , I was appauled and shocked with some of the costumes . There is nothing that is extremely revealing , but extremely suggestive . In the potiphar scene , the women wear these tight skin colored coverings on top with just sparce sequins over their breasts . And from a distance , it looks like they are half naked . I was so embarrassed at my husband seeing that , and no way would I want my kids seeing that . Also , there is a scene at the end where the ladies wear skin tight skin colored full body leotards ... that are so skin tight that it looks like they are completely naked ... butt crack and all . And they had this dark gold leafy crap over their front private area . So from a distance , it looked like they were completely naked . And over top that they are wearing a chain type dress covering , it was just gross . There were also several other parts that were just disguisting . For a movie that is supposed to be catered to children , I was sorely disappointed .
 Do n't get me wrong , I 've thoroughly enjoyed the music from Joseph for years and the several college-level productions I 've attended . I had such high hopes for the video and could n't wait for its release . I was sure it would be a video to watch over and over as I do other videos of Lloyd Weber 's music . Sad to say , one viewing was plenty for me . The music was as good as ever but the sets and the staging were terrible , and the costumes far too risque for a play aimed at a younger audience . I was unsettled by , and uncomfortable watching , sets designed to look like children made them with costume design obviously aimed at a very adult and mature audience . All in all , I thought it was a very amateurish production from a company who I know is capable of doing better work than this .
 I liked how they had so many different types of music that they sang . And I liked how they had all of the kids singing too . Another thing that I liked was that the teachers were the acters .
 All the children magically popping up , some bad makeup , and a few sad tries at being funny is what makes this movie deserve such a low rating . I think they could have come up with a better Joseph than D. O. . I have seen it 6 times in live theater , and every time the show was better than the movie .
 This show is nearly unwatchable . It 's that bad.I love the story of Joseph , and I when I first saw it on stage I had tears in my eyes . It 's a timeless tale of faith & forgiveness . So , I was excited when I saw this on Netflix and decided to watch it . Unfortunately , the over-the-top makeup & bad acting , simply does n't do this story justice . Maybe this story is best viewed on stage . Or maybe this is just a plain BAD movie.Do yourself a favor , and watch for this play to come to your town . Find a date , or take your family , and trust this reviewer
 Great music , great story , mostly wonderful presentation , but there is a surprising amount of slutty wardrobes . Shirtless Donny is n't an issue to me an my family . It is the highly provocative costumes of many females -LRB- Potiphar &#8217; s wife and dancers around Pharaoh quickly come to mind -RRB- makes this inappropriate for families . Surprisingly provocative for a bible story retelling . Inappropriately so .
 JOSEPH etc was a great and memorable show on stage -LRB- if rather short -RRB- . This production is appalling and amateurish and the staging is on the cheap side . Many cast members are seen looking directly at the camera when they should not be doing so.It looks terrible.Who directed this rubbish.The Jason Donavan London stage show was far superior.Get a copy of that is you can.It 's brilliant.Wait for a better version.This one is woeful and forgettable .
 I LOVE this movie ! BUT ! The sound really does suck . It 's all whispers and no matter how loud you turn it up you only get whispers . UNLESS you have surround sound as I have just learned . Surround sound makes it sooooo much better you can actually hear it !
 Bad News ! The DVD what I purchased from you , I can not see , you send a copy with an '' Incorrect Region Code '' which in South Africa I can not play back . I spent lots of money to purchase , and to receive the parcel at the post office , but it is too much trouble to send it back.Therefore I justleave it as it is but of course , I amnot happy with the transaction . Regards Attila Sauzet
 AS an admirer of the great JC Superstar and Cats , I expected much . But , this was really disappointing . What 's the point ? What 's the narrator for ? Songs are weak -LRB- no memorable song -RRB- . Nothing special in story . No enjoyable dance . Strange mood of adult -LRB- costumes ! and even the narrator herself -RRB- . And school boys and girls ... for what ? I really enjoyed JCS and Cats movie but I can not recommend this -LRB- Joseph -RRB- at all . Boring and nothing enjoyable .
 I was given this movie as a gift . not only is it inaccurate , but they imply a lot of sexual interest in Mrs.Potifer when Joseph had none ! he was trying to get away . they do n't do much with the choreography and they have they narrator interacting with the characters . if your life story was being told as you lived it you would n't see the narrator . yes , I realize that it 's a movie -LRB- & originally theator -RRB- but really ! some accuracy would be nice !
 We bought this DVD for our kids -- but I 'm glad we watched it before showing it to them . The movie is a `` irreverent '' version of the bible story , and the sexual innuendo , not to mention the revealing and suggestive costumes , makes it unsuitable for kids .
 Even for the musical genre , even for the Christian theme genre , this movie is silly beyond words , without being funny.It is `` Springtime For Hitler '' as envisaged by Zero Mostel in the Producers with every trite dance move ever invented.Joseph 's brothers as would be Elvis/Billy Ray Cyrus impersonators takes the cake .
 This movie is not worth the cash it takes to get it , a terribleshowing of the original story -- it almost makes fun of it . It doesall people in it injustice . If your looking for something that gets the bang for for buck , this is n't it .
 Where do I begin ? ... . I was VERY disappointed in this film . I thought that it would be something my kids and I could enjoy together . The women are dressing very badly , they look as if they do n't have any clothes on at all . Let 's not leave talk about the sceen with Donny and Joan .
 I am a conservative . Our WHOLE family had seen a local production of the show and enjoyed it . I thought with such an all star cast we would enjoy it even more . Wrong . I object to the costumes , the women are wearing pasties . I have rewound the video three times to make sure this is what I saw . And sadly it is . The local production did not have such costumes . My children are ages 6 and 10 . If I wanted them to see this kind of production we could go to Las Vegas . Donny Osmond you should be ashamed of yourself , I am also LDS .
 When I try to watch this , I have to turn the sound on my TV all the way up to hear it and even then it 's still too low . Some parts are better than others , but I was not pleased with the sound recording quality .
 I love this musical , and like so many others , was happy to see it on video . But I was disappointed with many aspects of this production . I think Donny Osmond was OK , but I 've seen better Josephs in local productions . He mugged too much and looked really bizarre in his wig . Maria Friedman can act , but her voice seemed much too weak for the Narrator role -LRB- anyone who 's heard the original Broadway cast with Laurie Beechman knows what I mean . -RRB- The Joan Collins scene with Potiphar IS too risque for a family audience -LRB- Joan & her `` girls '' take off Donny 's clothes & the whole thing looks briefly like it 's going to turn into an orgy ; I would be uncomfortable having my 5 & 7 year olds seeing it , and no , they DO NOT watch MTV ! -RRB- , and it was n't necessary for it to be so . The entire Potiphar scene was misconceived . On the other hand . several of the other performances are excellent -LRB- the brothers , Pharoah -RRB- , and the scenes with the children are genuinely moving . The whole thing just does n't work as a coherent whole .
 `` Joseph '' is a great show and this video definitely does not do it justice . First of all what were they thinking when they cast Maria Friedman as the Narrator ? She 's ... . bad . She does n't even come close to comparing with Laurie Beechman , Kelli Rabke , and Janet Metz of the Cast albums . She 's vocally weak , and breathy . This role is a demanding belt role . I do n't know what she did to the infamous `` LETTING OUT A MIGHTY ROARRRRR ! '' of the `` Potiphar '' song which is the biggest and loudest belt part that the Narrator has , but Maria ... I dunno what she did . And `` Pharaoh 's Story '' she holds back way to much -LRB- Listen to any of the Cast recordings , and for you die hard Joseph fans you know what I mean -RRB- . I was extremely disappointed with her performance . I guess the casting agents wanted a big london star . Why not RUTHIE HENSHALL ? Or JOANNA RIDING ? They would definately do it justice . Or how about the Americans ALICE RIPLEY of KRISTEN CHENOWETH ? I just do n't know what they were thinking . Also , the ensemble cast was weak . And the Camera work was horrendous ! The children were so corny in the numerous cheering scenes . I dunno . I was waiting for a great video for over a year and this is what I got . Not happy at all .
 If I could somehow take my CD of Joseph and line it up with this video , I would love this video . Joseph is excellent , but everyone else is only so-so . Scratch that . Everyone else is pretty bad.Visually , this was fun to watch . There 's one good part in `` Joseph 's Coat '' where the brothers -LRB- I think it 's the brothers ... -RRB- grab the bottom of the coat and twirl it around so the bottom half forms a color wheel of sorts . The kids running up on stage is creative , but a bit cheesy . The sets are fantastic , but clearly are designed to keep the movie grounded in its Broadway musical roots.Also , it 's difficult to explain in text , but the kids in the audience look dispairingly cheesy . They have these fake smiles plastered on their faces and generally look dumb . It would not surprise me to find that the kids choir was originally from a Broadway cast and thus accustomed to overaccentuating any sort of movement.The Narrator is really not very good . I ca n't explain why , but it just does n't work.Potiphar is fairly good , but he spends so much time speaking his lines instead of singing them that you hear very little of what sounded to be an excellent voice.Jacob is weak . Even if the character is an old man , the part deserves to be a fairly strong singer.The first `` Poor , Poor Joseph '' -LRB- when he was tossed into the pit -RRB- was visually very amusing . Very funny , but the Narrator singing it was still not great.Donny Osmond is really the only character that seems to grasp that the movie should be presented as a movie , not an overly articulated and video-taped Broadway musical . -LRB- Please understand that I 'm mentally playing through the video as I write this -RRB- `` Go , Go , Go Joseph '' was presented as an interesting disco party . I 'm not sure of the original intentions , but that scene was enjoyable . The Butler and the Baker however were again let-downs . The French accents in `` Those Canaan Days , '' although affected by all of the brothers and Jacob , were not very good . There was a lot of non-French accent creeping in.This video is no substitute for seeing it live . I 've seen it live twice by both a touring company and a local theater and both were far superior to this video . If you want to listen to the music , I suggest the 1992 Canadian Cast Recording , which also contains Donny Osmond as Joseph .
 This particular DVD had some sound troubles . At times the volume would go down and it was hard to hear . Then it would go up and be too loud.I have another copy of this musical and it had no problems so I think I just got a faulty DVD .
 I bought this based on a recommendation from church . Donny and Maria sing superbly , but my objections deal with the costumes . The skin-tight provocative dancers was totally unnecessary for a supposedly family-friendly version . And Joan Collin 's outfit as Potiphar 's wife was overboard as well . My boys turned there heads when watching it with me . I can not recommend this to others .
 After seeing the stage production , I had great hopes for this DVD and was eagerly looking forward to Dolby Digital 5.1 . It turns out that the 5.1 encoding is so poor that the only way to listen to it is analog Dolby Pro Logic . In chapter four for example , the brothers and narrator are center stage but only the narrator 's voice comes out through the center channel - the brothers are `` lost '' in the left and right channels . This is not the case with analog decoding . Also , 5.1 levels are a good 10-15 db below where they should be and 10 db below the analog . This is the poorest 5.1 mix I have ever seen.This was so bad that I sent the first DVD back and Amazon graciously exchanged it for another . The second was just as bad.If you have a Dolby Digital , do n't bother , unless you want to use the analog channel .
 My family watched the show on PBS and fell in love with it . So , with great excitement we bought the DVD - but what a disappointment . Even my kids , who normally do n't care if the sound is coming out of some cheap tape player , asked if this was the same show . I do n't have DTS or Dolby Digital playback - just the analog output into a Dolby ProLogic surround amplifier . It sounds like they mixed the channels up - the rear sound effects -LRB- hand claps , chains rattling , the narrator slurping her drink -RRB- come from the front , and are louder than the singing . You have to really crank the sound up to hear most of the singing , and then some parts suddently come in so loud they blow you away . It was so uneven that I had to check my equipment with other DVDs to make sure something was n't broken . I think they really goofed up the DVD sound and should redo it.Bad DVD sound aside , we loved the show ! There 's such a fun variety in styles of music , and the lyrics are really clever . -LRB- Hey , it 's not easy getting `` pajamas '' to rhyme with `` farmers '' . -RRB- The kids ca n't stop singing the tunes .
 I agree wholeheartedly with Donald-from-Ohio 's review . I 've been a fan of this Lloyd Weber/Rice musical for 20 + years and have seen it grow as songs were added and various recordings made available . Having never had the opportunity to see the stage production , I was eager to see this video . Now I realize that perhaps this musical is one to be heard and not seen , at least not beyond an unpretentious summer camp or youth group presentation , the perfect venues for this show . Yes , Osmond performs nicely in the role of Joseph . But everything else about this production is so overdone that watching it , for me , is like seeing a favorite childhood friend grow up to become a cheap circus performer . The two stars I give this video are for the music itself . But I certainly do n't understand why Lloyd Weber chose to add the FINALE song `` Any Dream Will Do '' to the BEGINNING of the show .
 I was excited to finally find this title on DVD . I 'd seen the show live in Chicago years ago and loved it . We 've had the soundtrack on CD -LRB- fabulous -RRB- for years and it 's one of my daughter 's favorites . Unfortunately , the video version of this production is significantly different than the live show and , in my opinion , the music is not nearly as good -LRB- as the show or the CD soundtrack -RRB- . Even more disturbing is the addition of several scenes that make this video inappropriate for small children . I ca n't understand why these sexual innuendos were added , they certainly do n't add anything to the story and as far as adult entertainment is concerned they 're pretty lame . With just a little effort this could have been a great family video .
 Donny Osmond was wonderful as always , the female lead was not as strong as the CD . This video is not for children . The costumes in the Pharoah 's scene are offensive and in poor taste .
 I am one of the few people , apparently , who disliked this video intensely . I remember watching a pre-Donny Osmond staging of it at a small college theater and fell in love . I bought the CD of the original production by Andrew Lloyd Weber/Time Rice and listened until I had the songs memorized . Years later , I saw the Donny Osmond version and thought he did a good job of producing it . His voice was good and so were those of the other performers . The singers playing Joseph 's brothers were the highlight of the experience . They were brilliant . However , I was disappointed that they changed the narrator from an alto to a soprano . I also did n't like some of the constumes , though I was admittedly up in the nosebleed section of his production and could n't see the detail . The Elvis Pharoh 's number was WAY overdone in the Donny Osmond 's stage production.I bought this video tape to support a local theater production and figured that owning a Donny Osmond version would be better than living without one . I was wrong . The singers playing the brothers were still brilliant , but that is the only good thing I can say about it . I did not like the camera work of the movie at all . I did n't like the opening and closing scenes they added , feeling that it did n't add any production value . I hated most of the costumes involving Potiphar 's wife and the cheerleaders in the `` Go , Go , Go Joseph '' song . The Pharoh 's scene was even more hammy than the stage production to the point of being unpalatable and most of the costumes were inappropriate . It was , quite frankly , a raunchy production and had my kids asking questions that needed to wait until they were older to explain . Disgusted , I threw my copy out after the first viewing .
 I was excited to finally find this title on DVD . I 'd seen the show live in Chicago years ago and loved it . We 've had the soundtrack on CD -LRB- fabulous -RRB- for years and it 's one of my daughter 's favorites . Unfortunately , the video version of this production is significantly different than the live show and , in my opinion , the music is not nearly as good -LRB- as the show or the CD soundtrack -RRB- . Even more disturbing is the addition of several scenes that make this video inappropriate for small children . I ca n't understand why these sexual innuendos were added , they certainly do n't add anything to the story and as far as adult entertainment is concerned they 're pretty lame . With just a little effort this could have been a great family video .
 This is a fun staging of a fun show . Certainly not deep , thought-provoking theater , but a fun little show nonetheless . However , I must echo the sentiments of those reviewers who said the sound on this DVD leaves much to be desired . The sound level on the vocals is extremely inconsistent , with some soloists being nearly inaudible . In fact , the sound on this disc is so poor I must grudgingly encourage buyers to opt instead for the VHS version , which does n't have this problem .
 One of the few musicals that I regret spending the money on because of the absymal recording quality . The narrator was fairly easy to understand , but some sound track key singers were almost inaudible.The tunes would have been most enjoyable if the technical quality was acceptable.As one who enjoys musicals and muscial shows , I was very disappointed in the recording quality and video quality .
 I had the VHS tape of this video and loved it , so I just recently purchased the DVD . Not thinking there was any reason to do so , I WISH I had read the customer reviews , as many of them commented on how terrible the sound quality of this DVD is . And I 'm here to back them up . I have tried watching this on both my surround sound system and the television alone , and in both cases , it 's horrible . Background singers and music are barely audible , but the narrator 's part will blast out your ears if you turn up the volume to hear the music . What makes this even more disappointing is that Amazon will not refund your money in full .
 I was ecstatic to find the DVD of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat available at Amazon . However , when our granddaughter was ready to watch it -- and its her favorite musical -- the DVD was not formatted to play in our area of the world . Since I had purchased it from an `` in country '' dealer , I did n't think there would be any problem . So now I will hesitate to buy ANY DVD from Amazon . -LRB- Actually , I did n't even know that DVDs could be improperly formatted , so I hope this helps others that are unaware of that technicality ! -RRB- As for the musical itself , we LOVE the music and I especially like the bonus trailers about the history of how Joseph was written and how it has evolved . So it is a HUGE disappointment to not be able to view this DVD !
 I put 1 Star sonce Amazon does n't have 0 Stars.Our high school production was at least 10 times better . I threw away this DVD .
 Hmmm ... how to sum up `` Joseph And The Not-So-Amazing Technicolor Screamcoat ? '' Well , it stars Donny Osmond , Joan Collins , and a bunch of singing five-year-olds . How much more proof do you need that this is a complete waste of existance?It starts off with a bunch of screaming little kids running around in an auditorium , presumably at an elementary school . This goes on for about fifteen minutes . Really . This was enough to give me a headache . Then again , considering how the rest of the movie went , I would 've been happier just watching that for the next two hours.Why do I hate it ? Well , for one thing , THERE IS NOT ONE SPOKEN LINE IN THE WHOLE THING ! EVERYTHING - YES , EVERYTHING - IS SUNG !!! Yes , I know this is a `` musical '' - but even `` Grease '' has regular spoken dialogue . Also , the makeup and acting - it could not possibly be the least bit cornier . The whole production looks like the kind of dream you 'd have after eating some old enchiladas you found in the back of your fridge . What an insult to everyone and everything.Do I really need to continue going on about how bad this movie is ? I think not . Just do n't watch it , and you wo n't need to run to your local drug store and pick up ten cases of Advil.Snoochie Boochie Noochies !
 I did n't like the video . How could all Joseph 's brothers be of a different race ? Are we trying to be politically correct or WHAT ? Also I wish Donny had kept his shirt on . I was turned on by his hairy chest . I have seen this performed twice by groups other than Donny and co. and enjoyed it so much more . Give it up Donny !!
 Joseph lovers ; you will be disappointed with this film . Family viewing it is not . Potiphar 's wife and her servants are definitely R rated , and you may be embarrassed to watch this with your children . The narrator is breathy and sexy , which may work in some venues , but not when she is narrating a Bible story to a grade school assembly . Rent it and get it over with , but you 'll probably grate at the slow musical pace .
 I have read many of the reviews of this movie/DVD and I think every single one of you who rate this movie above a 3 have probably not seen the actual production and are very VERY ignorantI was in the Toronto production of Joseph with Donny Osmond in 1997 -LRB- I performed in the last live show he ever performed -RRB- and this movie sucks . There will never be a better Pharoh as Jonny Seaton . Also , in the live production the wigs and makeup actually looked real . Donny IS Joseph for all you people who thought his performance was lacking -LRB- I performed with two different actors playing that role , and saw several others believe me I know ! -RRB- Since there is no intermission in the video I understand why thy had to cut the entreact , but the key ingredient which would have made this video is the Megamix . In the live production the megamix was a crazy dance partyish thing that had highlights of every song in the show -LRB- the megamix was used for curtain calls -RRB- and it was one of my favourite parts of the show !!! Also , the children played a much bigger role in the stage production . I also felt the singing was n't as good as I had hoped . Another point is the moments of humour created between the conducter and the brothers during canan days is missing . I believe what made this movie draggy and boring was the fact that it was n't taped live - You have prerecorded music which you are lip syncing too , there is no way you could possible have the same energy and expression as when you are doing it live . This movie was just lacking the Theatre charm . Personally , those of you who like this movie fine , like it , but I wish this was just a tape of a performance - sure there 's no flashy special effects but at least it would be the production as most of us theatre people love.P.s . I would have given this movie a rating of 1 star , but a bad movie is better than no movie !! And just a quick reply to a review I read
 Having seen the play , and loving the colorful , musical presentation of Joseph 's story , I was disappointed to see the movie cheapening the theatre experience . The `` narrator '' is a modern woman who does n't blend into the story at all , but is present in almost everything . The audience of children are included in the movie which also detracts from the play itself . The performers are talented and accomplished , but the above distractions ruined the experience for me .
 I was excited about this movie coming out ... I had read all the updates on the reallyuseful web site which is the official page and when it came on tv I was really happy ... notice the word WAS really happy . The movie started out ok , interesting school asembly concept , then it went WHOOP down hill ! The narrator did n't do justice to her role and the children cheering were unbeleiveably annoying . It seemed more like a music video than anything else . I was also dissappointed by the brothers who were a bit too gay to my liking . I was expecting somewhat straighter brothers , no offense to anyone who is gay but it was not what I had in mind . The movie did have some good parts though like Donny 's `` Close Every Door To Me '' but then a very unentertaining Pharoah brought it down again w / his terrible impression backed up with not what I would call the ` best ' choreography . I love this show but I just cant find anything ... `` amazing '' about this video .
 I may be the only person on this whole thing that does not like this version of Joseph , but I 'll survive . First of all , I just want to say that I actually love the musical , and between me and my sister , we have nine different cast recordings of Joseph . So I am not reviewing the musical , but rather this presentation . First of all , I love Maria Friedman , but I feel that she was totally miscast for the part . Her voice is a totally different register , suited to singing arias and ballads over the psudo-pop presentation needed by the narrator , however , I really ca n't think of someone else to play the narrator -LRB- maybe Elaine Paige -LRB- Grizebella in `` Cats '' ? -RRB- . Second , Donny Osmond ? Just because he played Joseph the longest -LRB- and mostly in Canada -RRB- does n't mean he was the most popular . Come on people , anyone who saw the US touring cast with Sam Harris knows that Sam has a voice that hits high notes better than Donny . Oprah basically said that his voice could move God . That and I think that he 's better looking than Donny . My third quibble is the horrid makeup job . When doing film , one does not need to apply the layers of stage makup as seen on those actors . I also missed some of the accentuation seen in some casts -LRB- the US cast recording pulls off the Country , French , and Elvis accents better -RRB- , but then again , the entire cast was English , so I guess I ca n't complain too much . And lastly , the redone megamix is HORRID ! There were a few things I liked about it though . The stylized Potiphar/Jailcell/Go , Go , Go Joseph scene setpieces were well done , and if I was directing a version of Joseph , I would try to emulate their style and simplicity . Second , it was nice of them to include a making of documentary , though at times , it focused too much on the little school productions when I wish it would talk more about the presented versions . Anyways , if you are a Joseph fanatic , then you probably want to get it . If you are not , wait for them to revive the show again and hope it tours to your town , you 're not missing much .
 I wanted SOOOO much to like this film . I think this is one of Webber 's most memorable work with powerful , emotional melodies that grab at you and wo n't let go . As some other reviewers stated , it 's the kind of music that burns into your brain and no matter how many times you hear it , it still impacts your emotions . And yes , the collaboration between Webber and Rice is perfect -- great melodies ... some lilting , some deeply poinent , some jovial -- combined that with lyrics that are intellegent , witty and simply as clever as any Cole Porter ever penned . And yes , we can find many many musical aficanados who will swear that JOSEPH is the best of all of ALW 's prolific compositions.That being said , how is it that we get THIS as the movie extrapolation ? How is it that THIS winds up as the lackluster record that future generations will have of this beloved work ? JOSEPH deserves MUCH better than this . We have PHANTOM OF THE OPERA ; we have JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR ; we have EVITA -LRB- flawed as it is -RRB- . But what do we have for JOSEPH ? Some thrown-together , almost amateurish , direct-to-video instead of a real movie designed specifically for the screen . Now I am not knocking the performances , but JOSEPH needed the SUPERSTAR treatment , not a filmed -LRB- er , VIDEO-ed -RRB- taping of the stage show . Now mind you , taking a stage production and converting it to the screen is by no means an easy task , especially with a musical , but it has been done very successfully before and specifically with Webber 's other works -LRB- look , SUPERSTAR and OPERA -RRB- . In the hands of a Norman Jewison or a Schumacher , one could only DREAM of what a magnificent film this could have been.Alas , what we got is this high-schoolish looking production which , as far as I know , has never even had a theatrical release in the USA . So I guess if you are content with watching this kind of thing on your tv set , all well and good , but after personally hoping for years that JOSEPH would eventually morph into a major , worthy motion picture production the quality of Jewison 's SUPERSTAR , to be handed this instead ... well , let 's just say it 's a big disappointment ... the light is dimming and this dream is too.Then one can still say , this IS JOSEPH , and even Donny Osmond ca n't completely ruin it . And if it 's all we got , then I guess it is what it is and I certainly would n't advise anyone NOT to see it , just do n't expect to be wowed ... except , of course , by the music and lyrics which will ALWAYS knock one 's socks off .
 Once upon a time , when you bought `` the video of a show '' you received , `` the video of a show . `` Not any more.I do not know what this is . The closest relative it would have is an MTV music video -- and who wants to see one that is an hour and a half long.Save your money to go to a revival of Joseph.This is one to miss .
 i wanted to like this documentary very badly . i was completely excited when i received it . this had Unwound , Sleater-Kinney , The Make-Up and many others . some parts are genuinely interesting . but unfortunately nothing was given that i could really enjoy . the sound makes some -LRB- not all -RRB- of the live footage fairly unlistenable and the footage so dark i can barely see the people in some parts . mostly i wanted to see Unwound , what a horrible shock to find that halfway through their performance commentary starts playing ! i was angered and felt cheated . the interviews were safe and boring , offered nothing new and some of the people were unbearable to hear talk . it was such a great idea and i wanted to love it from the beginning . maybe my expectations were too high ?
 How many times , under how many titles , are these Laurel & Hardy films going to be reissued ? There are still many of their films that have never yet made it to DVD ; these have been seen on various sets . Let 's not get suckered into yet another rehash . When ALL the L&H shorts and features have had legitimate DVD release , THEN you cheapskate companies can reissue to your hearts ' content .
 Thought I 'd pick this up today at my local Zeller 's as the only copy of `` Movie Struck '' -LRB- Original Title
 . The Sorority Boys videotape I rented at Hollywood Video was censored.A notice at the beginning said it was edited to fit the tv screen AND for content.I 'm going to rent the DVD to see if it is uncensored.Otherwise , it was a funny movie and worth the price .
 I do n't criticize the silly plot -- that three college male students kicked out of the fratanity , and live in a nearby sorority in drag is a good idea . Lemmon and Curtis did a similar thing in `` Some Like it Hot . '' And I do n't care if they do n't look like real girls , or I do n't mind they do n't shave every morning . That 's fine , hey , it 's a comedy . But two things I do never forgive ; they are 1 -RRB- the gags are all predictable and unfunny , and 2 -RRB- the unbelievably clithed use of lovely Heather Matarazzo.I said `` unfunny '' gags , but the truth may be different . The film , given by Touchstone , lacks pizzazz that made `` American Pie '' and other teen comedies really funny . The gags are gross-out , sure -LRB- and it 's ok -RRB- , but they could have been more bold and audacious . I do n't expect Cameron Diaz 's now classic hair jell scene , but at least they should have tried some gags that could have been really close to that . And during the 90 minutes , there were no moments that could be remotely hilarious as that.And somebody should prohibit casting Heather Matarazzo into an `` ugly '' girl role -- nobody in Hollywood seems to realize that in fact she is sweet and cute -LRB- am I the only one to think that way ? I do n't think so . -RRB- The film also shows the typical portrayal of hunks -- actually , three characters look no different from each other even though it is obvious these actors can do better than that . But the results are painfully bad with the exaggerated performance , which I believe these players are forced to do.After showing many gags simply unpleasant men and women all alike -LRB- and unpleasant without wit or laugh -RRB- , the film eventually tells us that these attitudes are wrong , telling us what you saw should be changed , etc. . Please . I do n't believe it .
 I really do n't have any other comment that could convey how utterly embarassing this movie must be for the actors involved .
 I just reviewed `` The New Guy '' , and lamented about how bad teen movies still were . Now graduating to the college level , I find a movie that 's much , much worse . If `` The New Guy '' , who 's lead character is more charismatic than anything in this movie gets one star , where is there to go when you find this one?I do n't have a problem with gross-out or infantile humor . Chris Rock does it well , and even Dice Clay knows what buttons to push to cut through our civilized defenses . In the movies , when Mel Gibson leaves a condom tree on Danny Glover 's desk , it works because the absurdity is presented in contrast to an otherwise sane world.That 's not the case in this movie , where EVERYBODY seems stupid . I know we are expected to cut some slack when Dustin Hoffman and Babs Streisand do n't really look like the opposite sex in their movies . But this movie does n't even try to do a good job of disguising them . They just plop on bad wigs and -LSB- bad -RSB- clothes , and that 's it . When the ladies also occasionally need a shave , it shows how much the filmmakers care about a good product.Which leaves the other actors , who are saddled with wooden stupidity to begin with , with a tougher job . They now have to pretend that these creatures with broad shoulders , prominent Adam 's apples , and five-o'clock shadows are perfectly acceptable in a women 's shower , can be accepted in a sorority , and are material to be hit on.Oh yes , it does have nudity , which I suppose is the draw for a lot of people . If this is the case , spend a few minutes on the Internet , get it out of your system , and then get a better movie . I suppose a good one can be made using this story line , but this one is just bad from every aspect of filmmaking .
 Sorority Boys is a pretty bad comedy about three fraternity brothers who are kicked out of their house and are forced to act as girls in order to live for free in a sorority house . While I was watching this movie -LRB- and at the same time thinking that I was wasting my time -RRB- I noticed that there were some very important issues being brought up . The film is based on existing stereotypes of how women should look , dress , and act . We take on the view of a bunch of fraternity boys who talk about women 's bodies , objectify them , call them names if they are anything but the ideal embodyment of emaciated femininity , and use them for sex and conversation . The sorority that these three boys end up joining if called D.O.G. . The women in this sorority are not beautiful , thin , or petite , and are constantly made fun of by everyone else on their campus . There is another sorority though , that is full of thin but busty women who are always wearing pink , and somehow always manage to have wet t-shirts . This movie is quite remarkable because it shows both sides of the spectrum . At first we are presented with stereotypes of what college boys expect and want women to be and look like . Later on in the film , however , when the boys are living in the sorority house and are trying to pass as women , we see a different perspective . They are obviously not women . Here is a good example of the verfremdungseffekt or distantiation effect , where something in the film makes it clear that it is not a presentation of reality . In this film everyone believes that these boys are in fact women . The ineresting part is watching these boys who , in no way make believable women , struggle with being called and feeling ugly and overweight . We see these boys begin to embrace , accept , and defend the women that thay once made fun of . The film them takes a turn and begins to critique female stereotypes , instead of reinforcing them . The film challanges Foucault 's theory of the panopticon . This idea implies that people in society know that they are constantly being observed by others in that society and therefore begin to act a certain way . In terms of women , this can be seen as women knowing that they are always being looked at by men , so they begin to act and dress the way they want to be seen by these men . In this film , the members of the D.O.G sorority do not care that they are being made fun of by their entire school . They love each other and help one another to feel beautiful and self-confident . They do no worry about the way they are seen , nor do they do anything to try and remedy their images . They are proud of each other and themselves , and do not internalize the panopticon of their campus . At first glance , this film does not offer any promise of learning anything , but as you delve deeper , there is much to be gained from Sorority Boys .
 You know the formula , do n't you ? Some losers get into trouble -LRB- need money , are going to be kicked out of school , want to get chicks/guys -RRB- , so they design some hairbrained scheme to solve their problems . Gross-out humor ensues as losers struggle through what turned out to be an awful plan , and they begin to realize that they 've misjudged something all along . Then they have some kind of contest or game to finally win their prize -LRB- whatever that may be -RRB- and learn a valuable lesson in the end.We have seen this SO many times -LRB- just think about comedies like Van Wilder , Road Trip , Old School , etc -RRB- . That does n't necessarily mean that we should not watch these movies . Sometimes it 's fun to watch a mindless movie so we do n't have to think . Sorority Boys is the opportunity to do just that.Here 's what qualifies in the formula for this movie . 1 . The Trouble
 Sorry kids , but a movie where the whole story revolves around men dressing up as women just does n't seem to work out.Peace Out .
 The makers of this drivel owe me $ 8.75 . That 's the money -LRB- and two hours -RRB- I wasted on Sorority Boys after reading a positive review of the movie . No , I was n't expecting `` The Age of Innocence '' from this film , but there have been some `` guys in drag '' classics over the years and I thought maybe this might be fun . This movie is incredibly bad , I do n't know where to begin . It 's embarrassingly bad . Frankly , it 's downright STUPID.This is a Hollywood movie , so it must have had a decent budget . But being creative with money was obviously beyond the director and producers ' grasp . The three actors in drag are so badly made up with cheap wigs and unbelievable costumes that you 'd have to be a complete imbecile to think that they were actually women !!! I 've seen community theaters do a better job than this . And all the characters in this movie believe that they are women ; are they blind ! Is it a star trek time flux ! After all , the movie does take place at a college as opposed to an insane assylum.OK , so realism is n't one of this movie 's fortes ! I 'm still flabbergasted that ladies who have commented on this movie did n't find the cheap comic exploitation of women -LRB- wet tee shirts , ugly girls referred to as dogs , girls with facial hair etc. etc. -RRB- in the film appalling!It 's equally distressing to have to sit through the film 's sleazy working of an audience 's assumed homophobia . I wonder how many viewers stayed to the end of the credits for the big surprise cannibalism scene !!!! . Funny ! No . Stupid ! Yes!This movie might have made a pleasant diversion with a better script and a better director . There 's nothing wrong with the premise . The talented actors who play the lead roles must have had some inkling of how degrading the entire movie really is.What 's really depressing , is that many of our teenagers in the USA actually find this movie a worthwhile entertainment.Anyone with a brain , avoid this at all costs !
 Sorority Boys -LRB- Wallace Wolodarsky , 2002 -RRB- Every once in a while , American film snobs wonder why every other country on the planet from Japan to Togo whips -LSB- us -RSB- at Cannes every year . Ladies and gentlemen , I offer you prosecution exhibit A , Sorority Boys . First , why Wallace Wolodarsky was given a camera again after the farce that was Coldblooded is utterly beyond me -LRB- the only saving grace is that Hollywod took seven years to green-light him again after that debacle -RRB- . Second , I do n't care how good Melissa Sagemiller looks -LRB- and she looks even better here than she did in the awful Soul Survivors -RRB- , she ca n't save a film on sex appeal alone . Third , when your talent pool 's three male leads are veterans of such classic cinematic fare as Co-ed Call Girl -LRB- Barry Watson -RRB- , Urban Legend -LRB- Michael Rosenbaum -RRB- , and Freddy Got Fingered -LRB- Harland Williams -RRB- , you know you 're not going to be producing the next Citizen Kane . -LRB- As a side note , pity poor Heather Matarazzo , whose career is taking the Keanu Reeves track
 I remember this movie being heavily marketed on TV when it was released in the theatre . Sadly you can hype it all you want but a turkey is still a turkey . Some boys get unfairly kicked out of a fraternity and take refuge in a sorority across the road while they plot how to obtain the evidence that would clear their name and reputations . Along the way they alternately fall in love , bond with the `` ugly '' sorority and expose their fraternity brothers for being the date-raping morons we all new they were at the start.This movie has a few good set pieces and scenes , but ultimately we 've come to expect a lot more from the teen movie these days on the back of such seminal films as American Pie and Road Trip . This movie is sadly nowhere near in the league of those two . The actors lack charisma , the plot drags and lacks sparkle , and the whole concept is so widely outside the realms of possibility it just irritates.The scariest things about this movie though are its social commentary undercurrents . Get this , the `` feminist '' sorority is full of ugly militant lesbian chicks who secretly despise themselves and each other and only come to believe in themselves by beating the `` beautiful sorority '' at Football . They seek validation for themselves by attracting frankly lame frat boys and are heartbroken when this does not materialize , ostensibly because of the fact they 're all fairly ugly and badly dressed . Except of course the girl that the lead male character falls for who is actually pretty hot - once she takes off her glasses.Tired clich&eacute;s and Neanderthal thinking makes this is a film to miss .
 Sorority Boys is the dumbest , pointless , and offensive film of 2002 . With that being said , this film does have some funny jokes and thanks to Michael Rosenbaum , he keeps this sex comedy from sinking fast . Rosenbaum has great comic timing which is n't always apparent since he plays Lex Luthor on Smallville , he gets to show his funny bone and he is a hoot ! Barry Watson is quite pretty as a girl but this film is no Animal House . This film is a guilty pleasure , so it keep it a secret . Good luck !
 Lame ! Lame ! Lame ! Corny sexual humour . No wonder it tanked - if the Amazon.com thing is true . Because it 's bad . Do n't watch it unless you think e * ections are one of the funniest things in the whole entire world .
 I found this documentary to be superficial and inaccurate . During a discussion of Wallace it shows a picture of T. H. Huxley with the implication that it was Wallace . There was no discussion of Huxley .
 This video was dull and pedantic . I would not recommend it for an insight into the life and work of Charles Darwin . Perhaps even misleading.I would really like a receipt for this purchase . How do I get it ?
 This movie was very retarded ... I did not like it at all . It was very very stupid , especialy the way that leatherface acts when that old guy is screamng at him . . Hey if i had a chainsaw and someone treated me like that he would be all chopped up in little tiny pieces . And it was obvious that it was a very very lowbudget movie . And are n't horror movies suppose to be scary ? this was more like a comedy .
 I do n't know if it was the time that it was made thet made it scary , because I did n't think it was . First of all there was no creepy atmosphere -LSB- blood , rust , dirt , any kind of grunginess -RSB- , it was just 6 kids -LSB- very stupid ones -RSB- getting killed one by one in a non-scary/non-gory way . I expected so many more scares from this movie because of how it is always being praised as `` the best ensemble horror piece of all time '' . I got more laughs from this movie -LSB- Franklin gets mad and runs in to a door/Sally is running through the woods and hits a branch -RSB- . It was too goofy for me to appreciate it . I got one scare from this movie , and that was it !! In a world of `` Godzilla '' and `` Creature from the Black Lagoon '' this movie would be scary .
 Literally the worst picture quality i have ever seen on a DVD . Not only did it detract from the movie experience , I was not scared in the least because i was too angry at the horrible picture . Do n't get me wrong , it is one of my favorite movies of all time , but this DVD is absolutely and utterly a waste of money . Wait for the real special edition that I hope is coming . I cant believe those first two reviews . Obviously product placement by the publishing company . DONT BUY THIS !!!!
 YOU MAY ASK WHY I THINK THIS MOVIE IS THE FUNNIEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME . WELL YOU SEE , THE MOVIE 'S PLOT , ACTOR 'S , AND SETTING IS SO INCREDIBLY STUPID THAT IT IS LAUGHABLE . MY FRIENDAND I RENTED THIS MOVIE AND EXPECTED IT TO BE SCARY . INSTEAD WE WERE ROLLING ON THE FLOOR WITH RED FACES AND TEARS COMING DOWN OUR EYES BECAUSE OF HOW STUPID , BUT HILLARIOUS THIS MOVIE IS . IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HORROR MOVIE , SORRY IT 'S NOT HERE . BUT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GREAT COMEDY , THIS IS THE MOVIE !
 so i put two stars because if you are talking to horror fans about horror , you need to have seen this , it somehow `` redefined horror '' , so i guess it has a sort of cachet as far as that goes . but honestly i can say the only reason you should watch this movie is so you can say you have seen it . there were parts i found intriguing , the hitchhiker scene , the opening with the `` corpse-art '' -LRB- genuinely horrifying -RRB- , and a few things besides . but the acting is TERRIBLE !!! it 's one saving grace i felt was Marilyn Burns as Sally Hardesty - - the last part , as the truck drives away , and the way she is crazily laughing and crying , covered in blood , i thought was gorgeous and flawlessly done on her part . but the rest seemed to me to be middle-school-drama-class level acting , and the way the whole thing deteriorates toward the end leaves me to imagine tobe hooper and all the crew stoned out of their gourds and doing their damndest to finish filming with little regard to the movie they started out with.i hate to say it , because the remake is n't that great , but the remake is better ... so to sum up
 Maybe I 'm spoiled over the last twenty years or so with good fx and production . All that aside this low budget film fails to hit with the impact I was expecting . Poor production should not stop a film from being scarey . The first four killings were done rather quickly and without much fanfare ; lacking suspense , detail or special effects . The last 30 minites or so picked up a little bit and kept your interest . In brief , it 's worth checking out because of the legacy that was created and spawned since .
 I 'm a B-movie fan , that 's why I bought this DVD , because I felt like Texas Chainsaw Massacre was a must ... But I still think this movie is -LSB- bad -RSB- , unlike B-movies like Evil Dead that came after ... This movie inspired many others , and that 's why I think you still must watch it ... The DVD is pretty fine ... Trailers , TV Trailers , sequel trailers , deleted scenes , stills and almost everything a fan could ask ... I 'd give 1/5 stars for the movie and 3/5 stars for the edition . The menus are interactive , actually , the main menu is really great ... So , for you all TCM-fans , this DVD is a total must have ... For us , B-movie fans ... it 's , atleast , worth a rent ... A great edition , full of extras -LRB- image and sound are so-so -RRB- . Worth checking out . The bad grade is about the movie , not about the edition . .
 I write this review with a certain amount of reluctance , for I fear that if I upset any die-hard fans of Tobe Hooper 's seminal , controversial cult horror film , I might wind up being butchered with a carving knife , my bones and severed limbs arranged as a kind of semi-pagan work of art in a graveyard somewhere . But what the hell
 Yes , this movie is based on the true story of the Wisconsin sicko Ed Gein . Who also inspired Silence of the lambs and Psycho . However the movie did n't really scare me until the last scene . But if you really want to be scared read the book the a to z encyclopedia of serial killers and learn about the worst sicko of all time Albert Fish and other freaks .
 the idea behind this movie was a fabulous one - i mean who would n't be scared of a chainsaw welding maniac named leatherface ? - but in order for such an idea to work , you have to be able to see the picture on the screen . i mean for me to be scared at a movie , i have to be able to SEE what is happening to the characters ! to me , the best part of the movie was the ending ... of course that could of had something to do with the fact that the ending was the only part in the movie that you could actually see ! though i was n't impressed with the rest of the movie , i did enjoy the way the potential victim just barely escaped leatherface . it just goes to show that when you could actually see the movie , it was rather enjoyable ! i know that it was made on a low budget but come on , could n't you at least afford a few overhead lights !
 TCM -LRB- Texas Chainsaw Massacre -RRB- is in a word , awful . There is virtually NO plot whatsoever . The whole film centers on about 5 teenagers who , due to their immense stupidity , fall victim to the demented Texas Chainsaw Man . It 's a lousy movie , with lousier acting . Some call this the scariest film ever made ? Ha ! You could sleep through this nonsense ! Do yourself - the valued customer - a favor and give TCM a skip ...
 This movie should be banned ! Only some sick and perversed idiot would watch `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' . This is such a horrible novie . Should be rated X ! Not R ! I litarlly had to rush for the bathroom to hurl everytime I saw a leg chainsaw off or blood spilling everywhere , not to mention the horrific screams of the victims . How can you stand it ? And what 's with the shaky camera . Must of been run on a 16mm camera -LRB- like the Blair Witch Project -RRB- . The TCM is all sick and wrong . It should be banned forever . Anyone who likes this movie has to be some messed-up sick guy who likes to watch people getting chomped up .
 This film failed to deliver any plot whatsoever . I mean I get that the crazy family wants to butcher people , but why ? Did the grandfather go mad after losing his job . Are they inbred ? Is it a cult thing ? All it is , is the fat kid running around with a chain saw . They did n't even show proper dismemberment . And that girls screaming ! You could n't hear a word they were saying over that constant yammer . It is n't a terrible idea for a movie . Family out in the boondocks are depraved and feed off the living . It really had potential . Instead half the movie is them ridding in the van , and the other half is the fat kid running around with a chainsaw .
 I requested for two day shipping and was then informed that I would not receive this product until after the new year , being almost two and a half weeks later . -LRB- December 20th - January 5th - 7th -RRB- After checking back with the website in January I was then informed that I would not receive the product until possibly January 19th . That 's a full month without having this dvd after purchasing it . This is inconsistent and childish , I would expect service such as this from a twelve year old who 's trying to make his first sale on a cheap product that does n't work . I will never buy from here again , especially around the holidays because doing so is apparently a waste of time and money . Thank you for this awful experience and I hope your business depletes so intensely you 're then FORCED to administer good service .
 when i first watched this i thought it was pretty good but after a third viewing it stinks . end of story .
 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is so boring . This is not a classic and is n't very effective it 's just damn right boring . There 's no excuse that the film was made in 1974 , low budget , badly acted and terribly directed . This has to be the most bloodless movie ever made , nothing frightening and definitely not squeamish , you do n't get to see any chainsaw action and Leatherface just runs around like a retard . Only the idiots give this movie good reviews , because that 's what it is a movie made by an un-talented idiot for tasteless idiots . I love a good horror movie just like the next guy but this is over rated , the 28 Days Later of 1974 . What 's so terrifying about a man shoved on a hook ? It 's not even realistic . Everyone in this movie is so annoying especially the lead all she does is scream , boy is she talented . The scene were the fat guy gets it you see nothing and when that skinny runt slashes the girls back it 's just laughable , even funnier that fool gets run over -LRB- great special d-effects -RRB- . The end scene had me rolling on the floor dying in laughter , Leatherface buzzing the chainsaw . This was such a joke I wo n't even bother with the sequels . This , contrary to popular belief is the candid camera of horror movies .
 This 1974 low-budget horror `` classic '' is yet another overrated horror film . It may have started the slasher genre , but it 's no `` Psycho '' or `` Halloween '' . Those are the only two slasher films that are actually classics . `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is just stupid ... None of the teenagers in this film are ones that you care about . By the last half of the film , I wanted Sally -LSB- Marilyn Burns -RSB- to be sawed because all she did was scream for a whole hour . The cannibals were more sickening and laugh-inducing than scary . For a better serial-killer film , go for `` Silence of the Lambs '' and `` Psycho '' of course . Those films are subtle and truly , deeply scary . `` TCM '' is over-the-top , grainy , crude , and masochistic .
 I always hear people say what a great movie this was ... a classic ... so controversial ... so horrifying ... THIS IS ONE OF THE DUMBEST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN . Too bad Amazon didnt have 0 stars as an option . After hearing all the hype , I finally decided to rent this movie , expecting to be frightend to death . Sure the movie had a few OK parts , but I found the movie to be slow and boring . It was like ... Kids in a van ... Kids find abandoned house ... Kids die ... THE END . As for the ending ... what was so good about it ? Guy swinging a chainsaw around and screaming like an idiot ? -LRB- sorry if I ruined it for anyone -RRB- . Thank god the store I rented it from had a `` not satisfied ? get another movie for free '' policy ! If you want to see a GREAT horror movie , buy DEAD ALIVE !
 `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is yet another overrated horror movie . The reason for that is that you do n't care about the teenagers who are in it . Especially Sally and her wheelchair-bound brother Franklin . They are so annoying and stupid . As is this movie . If you want a truly great low-budget horror classic , see `` Halloween '' or `` Near Dark '' instead .
 I was at my friends today and excited to see this over all the hype . Well , all I can really say is that the only reason people hype this is because they like sick things . Now , trust me , I am not weak hearted , I enjoy horror movies such as the Halloween series but this movie is just blood , gore , and guts . No plot whatsoever ... just murder and screaming . I enjoy scary movies but the difference is that unlike great horror flicks , this is just horribly brutal with bad acting . If you are easily scared or even have the slighest idea of what a good film is , do n't see this . I for one was not scared , just disturbed , I do not get scared over movies unless watching them alone at night and this was not the case . I was eager after it was over to log onto here so that I can stop atleast one person who was interested in watching this moronic movie .
 This is perhaps the stupidest movie ever made . If not the most stupid , it should easily make the top five -LRB- or would that be the bottom five ? -RRB- . Either way , the acting is terrible , the sound is horrific , and the plot appears to have been written during an afternoon of drinking and football watching.Five idiotic morons , one in a wheelchair , are in a van in rural Texas . They stupidly pick up this total scumbag hitch hiker who proceeds to give everyone the creeps , but he is n't thrown out of the van until he cuts the dork in the wheelchair . The wheelchair guy is easily the most annoying of all the cast members . After hearing him deliver two lines , I was ready to take my chainsaw and destroy my TV.One by one the youths go to this old farmhouse and encounter the idiot with the chainsaw . Oddly enough , his chainsaw starts on the first pull , and stays running throughout most of the 15-20 minutes of his scene . I kept wishing for it to behave like a real chainsaw and stop running for no apparent reason , or at least run out of gas . Unfortunately , it did neither , it just ran . So the fat guy with the mask -LRB- presumably made from human skin , but we do n't know for sure -RRB- runs through the woods at night chasing down his victims.By the end of the movie only the blond bimbo is left alive . For her part , all she does is scream . I began to wonder if she was paid by the scream , in which case she must have done all right for herself . She gets recued by some unknown hero in a pickup truck and they ride off into the distance.If you must watch this dud , then I suggest do it with the volume either off on on real low . I recommend this not because the movie is scary , but because the sound will either cause your wallpaper to peel , or your skin to crawl . I ca n't understand how anyone with an IQ higher that 20 can give this movie any kind of positive review . It 's just plain dumb .
 This is by far the worst texas chainsaw massacre movie ever . The all of the older ones are . If you want a good one get the 2003 Texas Chainsaw Massacre with Jessica Biel -LRB- 41/2 star -RRB- . It has the thrill and sort of a love story to go along with it .
 WORST VIDEO I HAVE SEEN IN MY LIFE . Before buying this blu-ray , I did not know that they are the much OLDER version .
 I think this movie is disgusting and immoral , I 've never seen it and I plan not to because of what it 's about . And I 'd like to know , why people always complain all the time about the Passion Of The Christ . Why do n't people complain about movies like these ? when there are blood-curdling chainsaw murders , and when A godly movie comes out thats more graphic than usual , why do people everywhere complain about how horrible it is , when there are plenty of other horrible disgusting movies ? it really annoys Me.Oh , and by the way , do n't get this 0 star movie .
 I watched this movie because of the huge hype I heard about it . I could never find it and I finally found it , bought it and watched it . This movie was a disappointment . Some of the scenes are a little scary ; Leatherface does look quite creepy though . The movie just drags on way too long . It gets boring and I often wondered why I was still watching it . I do like how they still manage to make it creepy even though there is no gore . I give thumbs up on that part to Tobe Hooper for that fine directing . Sadly it does n't save the film because there 's just way too much -LSB- ... -RSB- that made me want to change the channel and actually see what was happening on MTV . The bone room freaked me out . I will say that was pretty cool . It really shows where the ideas from the real crime came in and inspired the film . I 'm talking about a man named Ed Gein . The inspiration for the film . The movie is n't a true story as they like to make it sound but hey it is realistic . Tobe Hooper makes it seem real and that 's entertainment . Overall I give the film at least 2 stars only because it such an iconic film . If you 're a fan of the remake which I am then I guess it 's worth a watch basically only to see where the new one got the ideas and just how much better the new one is . I also read thats theres supposed to be a prequel made . Thankfully its by the same people that did the remake and goes along with their version of the srory . Perhaps it will be good but I know must be better than the original .
 some people are saying this is the best horror movie of all time.im just like `` what ? `` this movie was not scary , it was funny ! for the whole last half hour all it was , was this bigbreasted girl going `` ahhhhh ! god , no ! help me ! ahhhhhhhh ! `` and the guy with the chainsaw going `` argharhgarhgarhgarhgarhg ! `` and yelling like a retard.it cracked me up.then at the end it was just about these crazy people beating up that girl for no reason.and that chainsaw was lasting forever.it would have run out of power after going that long !
 Buyer beware . This release of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre is the same identical Pioneer Special Edition that was released several years ago , just with a new packaging on it . There are no new extras , no new transfer . The only difference is the price tag
 This movie has a long history of controversey and a wide range of opinions . It is VERY original and VERY scary , but something just never seems right . You walk away from it glad that you were able to walk away from it . It is such an experience to have to endure that you feel emotionally -LRB- as well as physically -RRB- exhausted . It is really too much to have to handle while trying to enjoy yourself at a movie . It is a must see for horror fans and film buffs alike , but I do n't recommend it at all . It is cruel , vile , messy and disturbing ; all too effectively . Nothing is light in the approach of this movie . If you are not easily repulsed , see it . If you have a serious problem with heinous violence , steer clear . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm all for bloody , horror flicks . I just found it tried to hard to shock , and that took away enjoyability .
 This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen , it was sick . There was hardly any blood and it was not scary . I recommend this to no-one . The sequels were just as bad.I almost switched the movie off after that girl was constantly screaming for about 30 minutes . 0/10
 This movie was terrible !! The girl was screaming throughout the movie which just made it worse ! The only thing scary about this movie is having to watch it !
 I do n`t understand why the goverment in my country tried to get it banned . There were almost no blood or splatter , it was just another bad movie .
 I saw THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE and I felt it was the most overated film I have ever seen . The plot could be concevied by a sixth-grader or less and the villians made me almost cry with shame on how lame they were . The rest of the cast acts like they went to the amatuer school of acting !!! SO all in all miss this film I wish I had !!!
 the film has no real story at all , only butchering maids and slaughting people all the time.perhaps the americans love this film so much , ... it is a tradition of brute , force and ignorance
 I saw this movie after hearing that it was one of the scariest movies ever ... I think not . The actors were awful and the plot was too unbelievable . I was laughing almost the whole time . This is n't a scary movie . I would NOT reccomend this movie to anyone ... It 's not worth buying !
 I could n't believe how bad this movie was . `` It 's so disturbing ! '' `` It 's so scary , I could n't even fall asleep at night !!! '' , thats all I heard then I watched it . First thing , best part is when Franklin goes tumbling down the hill in the wheelchair and his arms are flapping about , this almost got us on the floor laughing , a real rewind moment . And after that its pretty much over . The story is so bad its a wonder how it even got to be such a `` cult classic '' , the story is so bad that I was upset such drivel is making so much money . Of course its `` underground '' and they make no money ... right !!! I would really like to know what type of gas Leatherface is using because he goes forever , if I could get my hands on that gas I 'd make millions ! And if you really want to watch this movie make sure you get ready for almost 30 minutes of nothing but female screaming and that ever lasting chainsaw going and going and going and going etc etc. . Its terrible . The most I got from this movie was reading a review where the guy said leatherface should have the voice of Curly Fine - `` whoop , whoop ... '' great stuff .
 I certainly do n't know what this is . It 's definitely not the `` terrifying '' horror movie I was expecting it to be . I had heard so much about `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' that I burst at the opportunity to see it at a friend 's house.Too bad it was n't scary . There 's just about zero character development . It 's about five loser teenagers who go to some abandoned house in the South and get slaughtered by that notorious Leatherface and his family of cannibals . Sure , the characters talked some in the van ; it did n't matter . I did n't feel sorry for any of them when they died . The only `` scary '' part that got a reaction out of me was when that guy in the wheelchair got killed . I 'll admit it did make me jump.Cinematography really makes or breaks a movie . In this case , it breaks it . This film is a contender for the worst photography I 've ever seen . Those odd camera angles only made it worse , and the scene at night was unwatchable . I understand that it was made on a shoestring budget , but there 's no excuse for this ridiculous camera work.I do n't care how many people tell you how scary this movie is . It 's not scary . `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is in no way the classic it 's made out to be . Do n't waste your time .
 so i see the trailers to THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE on DVD and a narrator says that film critic rex reed called it `` the scariest movie i 've ever seen '' -LRB- ? -- rex reed ?! -RRB- . leonard maltin rated it 3 stars ; most critics like this horror flick while a lotta fans call it a cult classic . me ? i finally viewed TCM in its entirety after seeing some scenes here and there . i did n't want to see it at 1st due to the gory stuff where leatherface slices and dices everyone in sight . i was very surprised it was n't that bloody yet i was very bored by it . and there was 1 gal who just did n't know how to shut her screaming up towards the end when she was kidnapped by leatherface and his creepy cannibal family . must 've lasted a 1/2 hr and no laryngitis ! i just was n't interested in TCM and why the heck 3 sequels and this just in , why even bother do a new remake of this junk that is due out late 2003 ?! nice features on the DVD though .
 Anyone who likes this film must be completely nuts or have not seen what a true horror movie classic is . This is just a stupid film about idiot teens running around getting killed with terrible acting , bad effects , and a lousy story . Oh , and the title says `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' , but only one kill in this whole film is by chainsaw . I have not seen something as falsely advertised like this since Halloween
 This movie was a waste of time . I saw the newest version -LRB- 2003 -RRB- about a week ago and loved it . I read so many reviews about the original version and that made me want to rent it . Most people agreed that the original was so much better . I was severely disappointed after watching it . You could definitely tell that it was a low-budget film . It was n't scary at all . Leatherface killed 4 out of the 5 people within minutes . The only suspenseful part was when he chased the remaining character . The sequels look better than the original . I am going to rent those and see if they are any better.Bottom line : Do n't waste your time with the original . The 2003 version is so much better .
 I truly think this movie is way overated . The gore was weak the movie was just plain dramatic . If you want true gore watch bad taste , pieces that is gore.I was truly unimpressed by this boring movie it is far beyond scary or good . Good would be an understament .
 Many people have always told me that I sould see the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre . Everyone always said it was a horrifying film . A few days ago , I saw on the TV guide that the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre was going to be on at midnight on channel IFC , so it was n't cut out . I was excited that I was going to see it , thinking I was going to be scared out of my wits . I stayed up from midnight till two in the morning to watch this and I was so agrivated . I absolutely hated it ! It did n't scare me at all . Many people enjoy this movie , but in my opinion , you should never buy it ! If you really want to see it , you should rent it first and if you like it , then buy it .
 I rented this with high hopes of seeing an excellent and terrifying horror film after hearing that the number one horror fan , Rob Zombie , loves this . I watched it and was sickened by how awful and boring it was . It is mind blowing how little blood there is . One scene , the lead is completely clean and the next she 's soaked in what looks like ketchup . And all she does is scream and run in place . Suddenly , she runns into a tree branch . There are absolutely not enough words in the English dictionary to describe how bad this was.Oh , and just thought I 'd let everyone know that in it we see Letherface sporting a pair of BLACK HIGH HEELS AND A WOMAN 'S FACE !!! What IS this CRAP !!?? If you wanted a good TCM movie , go see the remake because it is out of this world scary , gory , and Oscar-worthy acting.What a waste of my time and money . An hour and a half of my life gone to this trash when I could have had a better time trying to COMMIT SUICIDE !!!
 ok if i wanted to watch `` how to act like a fircken monkey '' , then i would have got that . this movie is , like i said A WAD CRAP ! Leatherface acted like a mutated monkey . AND GET A LOAD OF THIS , he tapped someone on the head with a hammer and the guys nocked out cold . AND ... . i almost fell asleep when the girl was being chased in the woods by leather face . that one scene lasted like 20 minutes , just her runing through the woods , HOW EXCITING ! ugh just dont buy this hunk of junk . BUY THE NEW ONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! or get dodgeball that movie is great !
 -LRB- There may be some spoilers here so beware . -RRB- Honestly , I thought it was a joke . I really did n't think this was seriously the movie everyone raved about . It 's TERRIBLE ! I mean it 's really , REALLY bad . How on earth ANYBODY could enjoy this film is far beyond my vast , vast , incredibly vast understanding . It so bad you can not even laugh AT it.First of all the film 's so called ` gritty ' look is , plain and simple , the result of the shoddiest photography this side of 70 's -LSB- adult films -RSB- . The framing is horrifically composed and makes a drunken wedding video look like Laurence of Arabia . The sound is inaudible and the dialogue , worthless as it is , is nothing more than mumbles . As the ` story ' develops so does the incomprehension . Mid-way through you 'll tell yourself ` This can not become anymore senseless . ' Well it does . By the end you 'll be completely lost and then ... it 's over . Just like that . I was assuming there was half an hour left but it just ends without resolving anything or giving us the payoff we deserve . What a rip-off ! There is also ZERO suspense . Characters are killed almost right away leaving no room for excitement . Plus there is only ONE massacre with a chainsaw and you do n't even see anything and it mostly occurs off camera . The final chase with the one character that actually gets some interaction with the bad guy is obviously the best bit of the movie but by this point I just wanted it to be over.I 've no idea why so many people say this is a great movie or call it ` horror with a dark comic edge ' . It 's nothing of the sort . It 's an embarrassingly amateur schlockfest that Ed Wood himself would disown . Check out the 2003 remake which is a zillion times the movie this dreadful nonsense is . Do not come within a mile of this ! You have been warned .
 if you 're the kind of lowlife that gets off on an extensive -LRB- half-hour or so -RRB- scene of the screaming torture of a woman -LRB- the majority of the movie , after the first 4 friends are knocked off in rapid-fire succession -RRB- , then by all means get this movie -- at least it will keep you off the streets for that long . stupid , crass , tasteless , degenerate trash . not that I was shocked or outraged -- this was just clearly something that I never needed to see , and really that never needed to be made . and I 'm not at all a prig . pure trash . -LRB- despite some clever lines and whatnot in other parts . -RRB-
 I hate that movie you people are totaly sick of thinking you should make and old moive and a new graphic movie . About those kids who died , you shouldnt even think like that to make a repeat of what happened to them , just think if it was about you would you want other people to watch it ? How about your kids ? why the HELL !!!! would you want them to see a movie like that . people are sick now a days just think when your were littel they did n't have half the bad movies they do now i think they should get rid of that movie and start making funny , happy , movies and get rid of the violence . Why do you think that their is so much violence now , oh well i dont know because you make those GOD DAMN ! movies . STOP making them and it will be a much better world and kids will not be influenced about it you sick fools .
 I saw this movie and yawned a couple of times during the movie . Maybe this movie was scarey in it 's time , but it is n't in this day and age of computer graphics . I found this movie very boring . Get the remake and you will enjoy it much better .
 This film had the potential to be good , but because of very poor casting it was not.why production companies keep casting recording artist who obviously cant act for s *** in either leading or supporting roles is beyond me .
 Well , here we go again into Texas , in a van , with a bunch of teens . Originally inspired by Wisconsin serial killer Ed Gein , Texas Chainsaw Massacre hit the silver screen in 1974 and was a smash hit at a time when people craved intense horror movies because they were relatively new . Alfred Hitchcock 's `` Psycho '' opened up Pandora 's box and then everybody began to do crazy things with film , trying to push the envelope even further . `` Chainsaw '' was a major push . Today 's audience may not be the same as it was in 1974 , but apparently there is still a popularity to speak of . `` Chainsaw Massacre '' is not your average horror movie franchise . Many highly familiar actors have gone up against or protected Leather-face . People like Viggo Mortenson -LRB- Leatherface
 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is one of the greatest horror classics of all time . It has increased the quality of my nightmares to an unprecedented level . It is a movie that immediately puts the viewer in the position of the victim . -LRB- For those who identify with the killers , please remain behind bars -RRB- . What is so frightening about the film is that if Leatherface sees you , he 's going to kill you . If you stop to plead for your life you 'll be talking out of both sides of your mouth since your head will be split in two . So why the one star rating ? Because the transfer lacks sharpness , almost to the point of looking out of focus . Elite 's laserdisc is much better and should be considered the best transfer to date . However , I would like to note that only Cinemax seems to have gotten the death of Kirk and Pam transferred correctly . The detail seen in these interior scenes on the Cinemax tranfer is a real eye opener compared to every other transfer I 've ever seen . It may not be what the director intended , but it sure is a transfer that lifts the veil on a wealth of detail unrecognizable in other transfers . Of course Cinemax blew the last reel by having the sound out of synch . Will anybody ever get it 100 % correct ? I suspect not . In the meantime I 'd like to hear Pioneer 's excuse for this travesty-of-a-transfer .
 I was very excited to see that the movie arrived within a couple of days of purchase . However , I was not able to watch the movie for almost a month later due to our remodling of our living room witch houses our surround sound and tv . The blu-ray is just a copy of the dvd that came out a few years ago , but I was fine with that since I did not own the dvd . The movie was awesome and still scary just as i remembered it since i last saw it when i was a teen . To my great excitement came sadness when I wanted to see the special features and they did not work !!!!! I cliked on them over and over and nothing , it just brought me back to the main screen again and again . I do n't know if this has happened to anybody else , or is my copy a dud .
 I saw this movie when I was 12 its not scary nor that bloody or gory . If you want gore see the second one it is WAY more gory . But this one did have its moments that would give you a jolt . I heard it was based on a true story . But that is bull ... . I liked it when frankin and the girl were bookin it down the wood to only have frankin cut in half . You ca n't see it well but it scared the hell out of me .
 This movie for its time was a very scary movie . I know the whole true story thing made it good , but the movie itself was a huge dissapointment i rented them all when i heard they were remakeing the first one . i enjoyed that one . from one horror fan to another this movie is a waste of time
 I rented this movie hoping to be scared . Unfortunately , that did n't happen . It did n't scare me at all.I do n't know how to describe it , but the actors just did n't seem to make the movie scary . It was hard to follow ; I was n't sure if the corpse at the dinner table was the body of the screaming girl 's grandpa or if it was just a random body the cannibals dug up.This movie did n't live up to all the hype ; I strongly suggest you look for a truly scary movie . -LRB- i.e. , 13 Ghosts , House on Haunted Hill , The 6th Sense , etc. . -RRB-
 Texas Chainsaw Massacre is a very low-budget horror flik . I truly despise this film , it is boring from the beginning to end . The acting is shallow , there is NO plot at all , other than this deranged pervert killing people and `` using '' them ... The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is just as bad as any other slasher film . If you want a movie that is actually frightening and GOOD , see The Exorcist .
 I was at T 's house -LRB- my mom 's friend -RRB- and she popped in that movie and the only thing I remember is that it gave me scary dreams and I was afraid to go to sleep at night.Since my parents are divorced , when I told my dad all about it when I was five , he called my mom rotten and said , `` How dare she show you that ? '' In my mind , the only thing I remember of the movie was a chainsaw and a guy and eerie music .
 How , how is this film so dear to fanboy type horror fans ? I fail to see it . What is it about this so called seminal work in terror that grabs the public imagination and makes mainstream film critics giddy with glee . Why , this has to be one of horrors top 10 right ? Right !!!! The answer is no . Do not bye into the hype . This is one dull and ordinary horror film . Yeah , so its a little original . You 'll never think of family the same way after this one . But its boring . And considering its supposed to be the granddaddy of terror , the godfather of gore etc etc , what a letdown . If feeling your ear drums burst from the non stop shrieks of the lead actress for an hour is your idea of terror , than go hide under the covers for you will be afraid . If instead , the womans wails get to be even more annoying than leatherface 's chainsaw , you will be in for a long viewing experience . How many times did i pray for that inbred dolt to put a saw to the lass and end her perpetual whine?Was there anyone else in the film you say ? Well there was the family . An entertaining lot and they get their props . But thats about it . The victims are cardboard cutouts of the worst kind . The one who got put on the meathook was a cut -LRB- oooohch -RRB- above the rest . . i almost felt a residue of sympathy for her as she squirmed on the hook . It was in the eyes I guess.Gore-Little . Mostly implied . Woman gets skewered.T & A-don ' t know.closed my eyes and covered my ears from girls shrieks so many times , I may have missed something .
 This is my second review on The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 74 version , only because my last review for this movie seems to be making people frustrated . I have watched it a few more times I think 5 times in total , and each time it gets better , but I just ca n't understand it . It starts off slow , and I do n't understand what the rotting person on the tombstone means , then we come into the story which seems to drag on for the first half hour then it gets exciting when the first kill happens and we see Leatherface . And I am expecting to have to mood be clam for 10 minutes and here comes another kill ... ok Now we can sit back and take a breather but no , the third kill . Ok 2 people are left , and then the fourth victim is offed and we have Sally who only wants to run around for 45 minutes and she never dies . Why coul n't the other people think like her and try to live longer ? The movie is too fast paced and moves too quickly . ONly 83 minutes and 10 of those minutes are opening credits and all that so 73 minutes of a movie that does n't do much for anyone except make you leave with a sick feeling in your stomch . I wuld give it 2 and 1/2 stars but nothing higher ! It does n't deserve it I think ! Hooper tried his best and it was ... ok , but not the greatest and I do n't know why this was such a successful movie !? It does have it 's fair share of scares but not enough of them . The music is good and the angles at which some of the scenes are shot are very interesting ! But it really shows that this was a low budget movie and it was -LRB- 100,000 $ -RRB- but you could have taken out the sound where we hear the camera rolling and stuff like that . And like I said the music was good but it was n't played at the right times . Like Sally was running through the forrest and half way through , the music starts playing . It could have been a lot better and you can hate me for saying that . Hooper could have made the movie longer if he went inot detail about the characters . I had no idea that Sally and the guy in the wheelchair were brother and sister until i read it in a review just now , and what was some of their names ?? The 2nd and 3rd person to get killed , and the hitch-hiker and the dad . This movie could have easily been better with some more detail . It is still an ok movie , but not hte classic I think many people are portraying it to be !
 I know that there are an awful lot of horror buffs out there that consider this to be a landmark piece of filmmaking . They would be wrong . Just because something was banned does not make it a good movie . This was also the case with ` The Exorcist ' , but at least that had some truly excellent performances in it . TCM is one of those movies that was so hyped that when it finally was shown , everybody HAD to love it.Of course , it would be unfair of me to say that this movie is completely awful . There are some minute details that at least made me watch it . For example , the way it 's filmed like home footage is reasonably effective . That 's about it for redeeming features though.All of the performances are dire . People stating that Leatherface is wonderful obviously watched this movie with their eyes closed . The fact that it 's based on a real life case of Ed Geins is even more disturbing . Because this means that the film is not only violent but also grossly exploitive as well . Real life murders told through the movies should be done sensitely - like ` Psycho ' or ` Heavenly Creatures ' - instead of made as sickeningly gruesome as possible . Plus , for the record , people saying this movie is scary actually mean that they had to turn in disgust at how incredibly disgusting most scenes were . There is absolutely no tension here , just random killings.To conclude , this film may have been influential but it certainly is n't any good .
 This is a movie ? Where is the plot ? Stupid beyond belief . I got so board with this one that I could n't wait til it was finished . The only reason we watched it til the end was because we paid for the rental . There is simply no rime or reason to this ; none whatsoever . It might have caused a stir when it first came out but now its nothing but lame .
 I went to see this film also in the IFC in Dublin on its re-release because it had banned for so many years . Basically , Bambi or Snow White are scarier than this film . The only real shock in the whole film or point where the viewer might jump is when the girl is put on the meathook . The first third of the movie is a portrait of chatty teenagers in a van with the girls wearing skimpy T - shirts to keep the T 'n A / teenage male audience interested . The middle period of the film , I 'll grant to Tobe Hooper , is when he makes a genuine attempt to develop the story and the tension builds . Satisfying . But the final third ? For 30-40 minutes , a girl incessantly screaming ? A girl being chased by a demonic chainsaw wielder ? God forbid the lunatic might catch her , ` cos the film would have to end ... When it comes down to it , in analysing what scares an audience , or people in general , we have to find the reason why the audience or people are scared , it 's fear . It 's not fear of anything , or anybody , but fear itself . We have nothing to fear except fear itself . Once we have conquered that fear , there is no other ... That is in the end , what this film comes down to . The only way the film can continue after the first two portions of the film is if the screaming girl * does n't * get caught . Otherwise , the film has no where to go and nothing to say . Perhaps that is why so many fans of the horror genre like the film . Because in saying nothing , Hooper says everything . I hate to say this , but at the viewing I was at , the audience laughed for most of the film . And that leads me to another point . What this film , I think , has in common with The Exorcist is that it has dated badly . It still has some powerful images , but in a time when audiences are so desensitized to violence because they and their kids see the real thing on the news every night and even during the daytime , violence is not as shocking as it once was . Of course , unless you are the one involved . I applaud the film for , well , taking the audience on a ride . But as for being scared ? Maybe back in the 70 's , but not now I 'm afraid ... maybe if you watch all on your own with all the lights out maybe or if you 're with friends , tell them not to laugh , however they may feel like it . If you want to be scared ... well try lying awake at night and closing your eyes and analyse what we are all here on this planet for and what happens when we die . Because that 's the only real fear we are ever going to have and that we always will have ... for eternity ... and no one knows the answer to that one ...
 This is so boring I dont even want to review it , HA HA , P > S - new one coming out 2006 of october
 this movie is sick and discusting . nothing butkilling . dosent have a good storyline at all . and thats about it .
 How can you call this movie one of the greatest ever ??? That is one of the stupidest things I 've ever heard ! This movie flat out BITES ! It is soooo overrated and boring ! It 's not even scary ! It 's pathetic ! One of the worst movies ever made ! I know I sound bitter but hey , I 've seen enough bad movies to know whats bad and whats good , and this movie is BAD . Two thumbs WAY down for this rotten egg .
 Honestly this movie is not nearly as good as many people say it is , and these are my reasons :1 -RCB- some scenes are unrealistic - when leatherface starts sawing Kirk into pieces , there is no blood shown at all , now i understand that Tobe may not have wanted too much gore but in other scenes blood is shown -LRB- eg . when leatherface slams kirk with the hammer -RRB- . another unrealistic scene is when laether face saws at franklin while Sally just stands there screaming her head off , i mean , any idiot would run like hell at that very second but she just stands there like some sort of retard .2 -RRB- some scenes are just too long - when pam falls into the bones the camera just focuses on the bones for what feels like forever . Another is when leatherface was chasing sally through the woods ; 8 minutes of leatherface running after sally , who is just runnning and screaming her head off , waving his chainsaw about . that was one of the most annoying scenes in the whole movie .3 -RCB- LeatherFace - that fool did n't scare me for one second , his brother was way more creepy . leatherface is just a big stupid retard that ca n't do anything but grunt all day , he 's always taking orders from his dad and even whimpers when his dad yells at him , now come on , how the hell is a guy like that supposed to scare you , his mask looks like a clown or something.Maybe in 1974 this actually scared people , but today , it did n't scare me , although at times it did make me laugh.the only real reason i gave it two stars was that it introduced a very good idea into modern horror nad fueling the remake which is an excellent movie.take it from me , watch the remake -LRB- if you want to call it that , it 's actually only loosely based on this -RRB- , now that movie just HURTS you , and LeatherFace is much scarier in it -LRB- oh , and for those of you purists who think that the remake is crap and this is amazing , you really need a lesson in horror ; the remake scared me and this did n't , and i watch a lot of horror movies , new and old , including Last house on the Left and House on the Edge of the Park -RRB- . Think about this review the next time you watch this movie and when you watch the remake .
 I do n't understand how people can think this movie is scary at all , I thought it was just horrible , I mean granted I do love scary movies , but this one just did n't do it for me . I LOVE the remake they did , that 1 was so much better . Only part that was kinda freaky was when dude cuts himself in the van and when dude thats in a wheel chair gets killed . Other than that , nope . and the screaming was so freaking annoying . She would n't shutup . I ` ma sell this movie .
 This movie -LSB- is weak -RSB- ! I have no problem with the twisted and grusome violence in this movie , but the movie REALLY REALLY -LSB- was weak -RSB- ! First of all , the plot
 Texas Chainsaw Massacre was for the 70 's what Blair Witch Project was for the 90 's . A low budget Hoax that did not prduce very good thrills and even less chills.The idea behind Texas Chainsaw is that a group of teens are traveling across Texas when theypick up a hitchhiker who looks a little crazed . WHen he starts doing some strange things -LRB- Such as cutting himself with a razor -RRB- they throw him out . Later they come upon an abandoned house and while exploring they discover a cabin further down the road . This is where we meet LEather Face -LRB- who is dressed up as woman -RRB- and he immediatly dispatches of a number of them . In the end one girl survives his twisted family and as she tries to escape she is pursued by Leather Face and his kin.This movie by today 's standards is not very good . True when it gets towards the end it is relentless but so was Blair Witch . Unfortunatly with this movie the gore is lackluster , the acting is poor , and the whole thing led to an hour and a half of pure boredom . I shall pass on this one .
 Should anyone watch This ? No . If someone pays you to ? How badly do you need the money ... The acting is absurd , the dialogue is absurd , the story is absurd . The guy with the chainsaw desperately needs a Curly Fine voice over
 There is no character development , no real storyline of any kind , terrible cinematography , and incredibly slow moving . All I can say is thank god this was re-made , this movie is terrible !!!
 The movie should be a classic altough i do n't know why . There are some scenes that does n't make any sense
 I never really understood , while I was watching it , why it has become a cult classic . But it does show that the gore does not need to be seen to be there .
 Probably the most facile and overrated movie of its genre . Idiotic plot . Tired tension building sequences and juvenile script combine to make this one of the most over-rated films ever produced .
 The very title of this film is the thing of which horror film legend is made . And so it has been since I 've been around -LRB- I 'm 35 -RRB- . Somehow I managed to never view this flick until I heard that a new version was coming and I wanted to be able to compare the original to the 21st century version.Despite everything I 'd heard , I was really disappointed . The movie begins on the road as five young friends -LRB- yes , two are brother and sister -RRB- cruise through small Texas towns in a van . After stopping for gas only to learn that the tanker has yet to arrive , they head to the nearby residence of a former relative . There the trouble begins.Two of the friends head for a nearby swimming hole and discover a neighboring house . From that point , it 's essentially what we 'd call today `` cut and paste '' . A droll and simple movie . Kill , kill . Slash , slash . No , I was n't expecting Ben-Hur or Psycho , but after all the hype I figured this movie had more to offer than a brief cookie-cutter plot that could have come from the mind of a ten-year-old . Grandpa 's last effort at killing was something of an oddity , though .
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
 I did n't find this movie scary , but it is gross . Cannibalism has to be the grossest thing going . The only movie I ever got physically sick during was Night of the Living Dead when the zombies are eating brains . I did n't get sick during this one but it is just as gross -LRB- probably even grosser -RRB- . This is a vile , disgusting movie and I would n't recommend it to anyone who has even a little bit of class . Do not by any means spend the -LSB- money -RSB- or whatever they 're asking for the DVD . If you get a chance to see it for free , look at it and judge for yourself . Completely awful and disgusting . Do you like people cutting themselves with razor blades ? If you do , you 'll probably like this disgusting piece of -LSB- film making -RSB- !
 When I first heared about this movie I thought it was going to be brilliant and really scary . The film is banned in the UK -LRB- for some strange reason -RRB- so it took me a long time for me to see it . I finally orederet it from America on DVD and when it finally arrived , I could n't wait to see this so called ` notorious ' film . After viewing it I was so disappionted with it I felt like taking it back ! There was nothing remotly scary about it , it is just a film that lasts for ages and is absoultly boring . There is no gore in it , nothing to keep you on the edge of your seat and basically , it is just pathetic horror movie ! If you really want to be scared I suggest seeing the Exorcist , or if you want gore then get a Fulci film but do n't wste your money on this garbage !
 Bad movie.Dont spend your money on this one . The acting is real bad . Not written well and produce.Only a few good scary moments in this one .
 Most of the reviews posted are not for this version of Texas Chainsaw . Mine is for the HORRIBLE 2013 versionAbout as good as Jason Takes Manhattan.Terrible acting and unrealistic scenes.The movie tried to be humorous at times but I found myself laughing at the wrong moment and for the wrong reason . Not even a DVD rental.The director tried to makes us scared of leatherface at one moment but feel sorry for him the next . I pray this is the last attempt at making money off a cult classic.Here 's to hoping the `` re-imaging '' of Evil Dead does n't ruin the original 's legacy the way this did and the way Rob Zombie 's Halloween 2 did.Stay home and eat glass . You 'll enjoy it more than this lame movie .
 The bonuses with the new Dark Sky Films edition of Tobe Hooper 's cult classic , THE TEXAS CHAIN SAW MASSACRE -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , are outstanding . This two disk DVD is a labor of love by people who clearly love the movie . We have a 70 minute documentary on all-things CHAIN SAW -- the production , the reputation after the fact , a tour of the refurbished farm house , everything you could want to know about this cult item . We have a seven part second 70 minute documentary -- chat with cinematographer Daniel Pearl ; an interview with the hitch-hiker , Edwin Neal ; in memorium for those cast members who have recently passed away ; the makeup designer ; celebrity gatherings and exhibitions ; and an amazing chat with Leatherface himself , Gunnar Hansen , who is a painter and writer in Maine when not at conventions . Also on disk two are a blooper reel , a second house tour -LRB- there is one with the first documentary -RRB- , and outtakes and deleted scenes -LRB- not much -RRB- . Unfortunately , we have the movie itself to also contend with , and it is one ugly and violent piece of garbage for at least me . And no amount of restoring and remastering the original negative can get rid of the nasty plot about a group of college kids in a van who stumble upon a Texas family of cannibals . Everyone seems dead , including a young woman stuffed in an ice chest . A guy named Leatherface , because he wears a mask of human skin , chases after everyone inside the house and surrounding countryside with a chain saw . He also hangs a screaming woman on a wall meat hook . The set piece , an elaborate dinner with corpses and an old man , took something like 27 straight hours to shoot because Grandpa 's makeup took hours to put on . -LRB- Why use a young man , instead of an old man ? -RRB- Is Leonard Maltin serious about lack of violence here?The movie is based on the life of notorious mass murderer and cannibal Ed Gein , who terrorized the Midwest in the 1950 's . His life was also filmed as Hitchcock 's PSYCHO -LRB- 1960 -RRB- , something that is curiously not mentioned anywhere on disk two . CHAIN SAW looks gorgeous and sounds superb , but it is still revolting for me -- and I love horror films . But I have a tolerance level . I even like NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD and DAWN OF THE DEAD from George Romero . But a group of tiresome teenagers being chased all over a Texas farmhouse and surrounding countryside by a guy with a human skin face mask and chain saw is just not my idea of a good time . And that goes for a dinner with Leatherface and a group of corpses -- or living cannibals , I forget which.Director / co-writer Tobe Hooper has done movies I have loved , including a knockout TV miniseries production of Stephen King 's SALEM 'S LOT and the magnificent Spielberg co-production , POLTERGEIST -LRB- 1982 -RRB- . But with THE TEXAS CHAIN SAW MASSACRE he has created cinematic garbage for me -- and maybe the start of the `` splatter film '' style of horror movie my psyche can not deal with . If you insist on seeing -- much less buying -- the movie , go with the remastered double disk Dark Sky edition in a metal box . Oh , and the movie comes with two audio commentaries .
 This is great if you have a 27 inch 4:3 Cathode Ray TV but if you have a 16:9 HDTV , beware , it will look terrible.Yes , the `` supervised by Tobe Hooper '' picture is great , on a small screen but the DVD is in 4:3 Letterbox not 16:9 Anamorphic so you have to `` zoom '' it to watch on an HDTV and it will look terrible . It 's like putting in an old VHS cassette , one that 's really deteriorated.I am waiting , anxiously , for a real widescreen version for the modern HDTV audience .
 WARNING - To all potential buyers that have already have the 1998 Pioneer DVD of TCM and are hoping for an upgraded version ; do n't bother . As other aware reviews state , this is a direct albeit less costly reissue of the older Pioneer DVD , I 'm assuming , to cash in on the new TCM . Which is not necessarily a bad thing , I guess.But what irks me is the packaging . If you look inside the flap of the cover you 'll see under the special features `` a new widescreen Digital Superscan transfer supervised by Tobe Hooper '' which I took to mean a new 2003 transfer . Or , if it was n't , at least it would be the `` restored laser disc '' version with the 200 splices removed . Then comes the inevitable dissapointment after viewing it . I wonder how many other people were suckered into buying it thinking likewise?If you 're a newbie to TCM or if you 've seen the remake and want to have the -LRB- superior -RRB- original then pick it up . It still has all the cool special features that are worth having . For disgruntled buyers like myself , I suggest writing to Pioneer and let them know how you feel !!! Keep the peace !
 This moving , as a horror movie , is definitely good at being that . Leatherface reminds me very much of Ed Gein , especially the hanging of one of the victims on a meat hook . However , I find some major issues with the characters of the victims , as well as the plot , that keeps me from being able to rate this movie higher.The characters are dumb , as in completely devoid of any common sense and very slow on the up-take of the situations they are presented with . First , they pick up this unstable-looking guy with blood on his face , watch him cut himself , show pictures of mutilated animals , and ignite black powder in their van , but God forbid they should think themselves rude to make him get out until AFTER he injures one of them with a knife ! The guy sitting next to Franklin is such a pussy , he does n't even try to stop it , or punch the guy in the face . When the van comes to a stop , you see him covering his face like a coward . The assailant is n't even forced out , but merely takes the opportunity to jump out , and then continued to harass them as they drove away . When the guy was grabbing Frank 's arm to cut him , and Frank was yelling at him , the driver just kept on going and was trying to look back at what was going on , before he finally saw and brought the van to a halt.These people all but beg for death with each decision they make and it 's just silly . They 're all so God-damn weak and pathetic that they die off like flies , or better , sheep , without any real attempt at self-preservation . They leave Franklin alone outside without a second thought -LRB- not that he dies there -RRB- . Soon after , the first couple , without a hint of concern for their own safety , dares to wander onto private property and INSIDE someone 's house uninvited , in the middle of nowhere , where anyone could just shoot them and they 'd never be seen again . Well , the guy wanders in and is dead within seconds . Then the girl , like some freaking Lemming , follows suit exactly , and ends up on a meat hook . She actually has the chance to escape , but she 's so slow -LRB- presumably from fright -RRB- that she lets the big lunkhead catch her up and drag her back inside , kicking and screaming as uselessly as an old hen . No , I take that back , a chicken would have fought harder.So now , with two missing , the 2nd guy decides he 's going to be a hero and find them . He spots evidence that they 've gone inside the house and , like a good Lemming , follows suit . He screams like a little girl when he dies.Franklin and his sister -LRB- ? -RRB- actually sit around waiting for hours until it gets dark . They honk the horn and call out repeatedly , thinking the others have gotten `` lost '' . `` They 'll probably be back in a minute or so . '' How could they really even think that ?? It 's been 2 or 3 hours , nobody has come back . Personally , I 'd have found it difficult NOT to conclude their demise . So now , they 're going to go wandering into whatever is out . These people are idiots , and they bring the film down , ruining it 's impact , because there 's nothing to like about any of them and by the time we 're down to the last girl , they 've caused me to lose all empathy . She 's like a baby , screaming incessantly and unable to defend herself . She picks up a knife and the guy swats it from her grip with a broom . A BROOM !!! And it 's not even a hard swing , he 's just slapping her around with it and all can do is drop the knife and scream like a 2 year old . When she 's free and running through the underbrush , she could have , at any given moment , dropped down and hidden among the tall grass and bushes . But even when she has a clean break , she keeps on screaming , letting her assailants know exactly where she is at all times ! She might as well be saying `` HEY I 'M OVER HERE , COME AND GET ME ! '' I 've read that girls like to be chased , but I mean , give me a break . This is awful.She absolutely will not ... shut ... up ... not ever . What could she possibly think to accomplish , screaming her head off like that ? Is she trying to annoy them so they 'll kill her faster ? That 'd be my guess . That or , I think the director found her screams a turn on , and had her do it as much as she could . There 's even a montage of jump cuts of her mid-scream , so I think I 'm actually not far from the truth.The black guy pulls her into the truck and shuts the door ... but ... rather than simply take off and leave Leatherhead in the dust , they jump out the passenger-side door ?? Does anything in this movie make sense ??? Another passer-by in a pickup truck comes along and saves her . As she rides off safely in the back , the last thing you see are her screams of laughter and you can tell that she 's clearly lost her mind.Final thoughts ... it 's got plenty of creepy , back-woods atmosphere and horror . All of the acting is well done , even the screaming that I complain about so much . You definitely believe she 's terrified out of her mind . As for my lamenting the stupidity of the group , I suppose you could argue that there are those people in the world who are like that , like sheep , that wander blindly into the worst kind of situations , ignorant of the danger and helpless to do anything about it .
 I do not understand why so many people seemed to rate this movie so highly on the scary and dark side when in all reality it really was not even that long to begin with , and then you have a nut with a saw who is not very believable . There was NO gore and it was just sickly done . Really ridiculous ! All the people I know who have watched REAL OCCULT AND HORROR FLICKS actually use REAL horror and atmosphere will say this movie is awful as well . WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY TO EVEN WATCH THIS MONSTROSITY!Ernie
 I dunno how people can prefer this over the original . It is not suspenseful at all , and it is remotely entertaining . Other than that it is pretty boring and overall plotless . The ending was dumb , the opening was slow , and how somebody could walk out of the theatre in a `` state of shock '' after seeing this poorly done film.However , there were a few points that I found entertaining . Such as the pursuit scene through the woods , and at least Leatherface rakes in the bodies here . Hammers , chainsaw , hooks , etc. . All that stuff is here but it was n't the gothic , dark , dirty , creepy bloodfest that the new one was.The new one was far more entertaining and suspenseful , not to mention Leatherface was much scarier looking . I mean , in the this one -LRB- original -RRB- you do not know that his mask is made of skin , but at least you figure out that they 're cannibals.All in all , I give the original TCM about a 2.5 . It was good enough to keep , but I kinda wish I had gotten those three other Freddy movies instead of this .
 Ok , I rented this movie after I saw the re-make in theaters . I can only say that the 74 version did not live up to my expectations ! From what I have heard , this was one of the scariest movies ever ... then I see it and it does have scares ... but too soon ! 4 of the 5 people get killed in 10 minutes ? Too fast ? Extremely ! They just drop one after the other like flies and it sucks ! To make a good horror movie , you need to spread out the kills to add suspense ! Hooper could have made a much better film if he had spaced the deaths out every 5-10 minutes ! But I guess because of the 83 minute time span things must go quick ! AND THEY DID ! But then I went to watch it for a second and thrid time . It got better , but not by much ! Why did n't Hooper go into details about the characters ? We knew nothing about them , except for their names and even the 3rd time around I do n't know half their names and I payed close attention ! The re-make is definitaly better ! I recommend that to this ! But if you just have to shun any re-make , you can suffer with this trashy film .
 I thought that being a film , which has n't been released on video / DVD format for so long . And the fact the it was said to be one of the most shocking and brutal to be released on video . What a load of rubbish !!
 Ok , we rented this movie by mistake . We were under the impression that this was going to be another cheesy horror flick , like Nightmare On Elm Street . Little did we know , this movie contained scenes that were ABSOLUTELY DISTURBING . Me and my friend are trying to forget we even saw it . If you are a normal person that lives in an everyday neighborhood , you will not like this movie at all . This movie did not SCARE us , it just SICKENED us . THE WORST MOVIE WE 'VE EVER SEEN . This movie literally makes you want to vomit . We read online reviews that said do n't watch it , but we thought we could handle it . We did n't listen to the warnings . Well this is true advice , rent a comedy . Whatever you do , DO NOT watch this movie or any of it 's sequels . I hope the creator of this movie goes to hell .
 No wonder everybody involved in this piece of absolute insane celluloid never went anywhere in the movie business ... This movie is talked about even today because of its almost unbeliavable bad taste . I ca n't figure why people who have the sufficient energy and creativity to confront the hard task tha is to produce a movie -LRB- go after sponsors , make deals , cast actors , chose locations , etc , etc , etc. . . -RRB- use their brains to produce such a piece of ugliness , almost S&M ; , and even doing that manages to end the movie without a proper end.Of course this movie broke new grounds . No one before would dare to be so sick to shoot a movie like this . I watched just out of curiosity to check what it was all about . It 's about nothing . It 's about three dement killers that will for pleasure , and just ONE of them is clearly killed by the end of the film . The other poor victims never had a chance at all . I do n't understand how someone can write something so dirt and mad , and have other people to ENJOY it ... I 'm not against the terro genrer . I like it . I 'm against ugliness for the sake of ugliness .
 Since I am a `` Horror Fan '' and had not seen this whole movie , I felt it was time . Understanding that this was a low budget movie , I can forgive a lot of its short comings . However , this movie was n't really scary , it was just a bit disgusting . I guess it has to get credit for the fact that it started the `` slasher '' type of horror movie . THAT , is not something you should be proud of ... . this was the father of all the sick movies that had plenty of blood but not much of anything else.The last 1/2 hour is just full of `` Sally '' screaming , I was going to turn the sound off ... ! And the last scene at the dinner table is more disturbing than scary.To discuss this movie in the same sentence with `` Psycho ' is an utter insult to Alfred Hitchcock . I think it is worth seeing , to try and understand the hype , but like someone else said ... this is the ' 70 's `` Blair Witch '' also an over rated movie.See it once ... and forget it , because it was a good first try by a talented director with no money , but it is just that ... a good try considering the finances ... Rent `` Psycho '' or `` Halloween '' ... REAL horror movies ...
 this is by far the worse horror movie ever . the acting is pATHETIC , THE KILLER IS A total idiot , the camera footage suckz and theres no story line that goes with it , itz just about a guy that kills people with a chainsaw . i rented this movie and instantly regreted it . PLEAZE do not DO NOT buy this movie and if u do yer screwed
 I saw this movie when it was first released , it was crap then and watching it now it is even worse . This is just a stupid piece of film making ; everything about this movie is so dumb .1 . The plot , dumb kids bump into dumber killers .2 . Stupid kids pick up a hitchicker who looks like paedophile .3 . Dumb girl just screams throughout the movie .4 . Dumb fat wheel chair bound guy dies so unconvincingly , even worse when I look at it now .5 . Dumbest camera angles in movie history .6 . This is just plain dumb.Why do people call this a classic , I would agree this could be considered as a classic example on how not to make a movie , this is no great movie . Ok lets take into consideration the year was 1974 no body had ever seen a movie like this before , but wait , was n't Night Of The Livingdead made before this ? That was low budget but however is a masterpiece with a great story and interesting characters . Gore alone can not save this movie because it has n't got any .
 This new `` special edition '' released Oct. '03 of TCM still is NOT anamorphic widescreen , just like the previous release ... in fact the only thing that makes it a `` special edition '' as compared to the previous release is the double sided packaging ! The movie itself is great & normally I would 've given this 5 stars , but as far as I 'm concerned it 's a complete waste of money if it 's not anamorphic .
 I only bought this because my Great-great uncle , Ross Santee , was featured in it for about 15 seconds . The video was made in 1939 , when color had just come out , and the quality of the color is awful . Shadows in people 's faces are green . The story line is so basic any kid could predict the ending . Still , it was well worth $ 10 for me to have a tiny bit of memorabilia of my long-distant family member .
 Let me start off by saying I 'm without a doubt the BIGGEST fan of Robert De Niro & Martin Scorsese ! Without a doubt this film has a superb cast and a superb director , but lacks a storyline.Mean Streets is a story about a group of gangsters in NYC , who for the most part , dont even cause any crimes . The ending is so horrible , it dropped my rating * 1/2 stars.Robert De Niro & Harvey Keitel give oscar worthy performances . GO FIGURE ! A bad movie - but they really do make the movie . Keitel 's best performance EVER ! ...
 Let me start by saying that I had high hopes for this film . Some people praise it like it 's as good as Taxi Driver . After watching it though , I have no clue what people see in this movie . It drags on and on and at some points of the film -LRB- espcially the middle -RRB- you really have no idea what is going on anymore . I almost felt like shutting it off a few times , but luckily De Niro 's acting kept me from hitting the stop button.I 'm sure when this movie came out it was shocking and disturbing , since there was n't much like it back then . However , by today 's standards it really falls flat on it 's face . I would not recommend this film to anyone , although if you 're really curious about it feel free to give it a try . Obviously there are those who like really bizarre pointless movies like this . Just do n't say I did n't warn you !
 This movie had some great performances by Harvey Keital and Robert DeNiro . I really like the Scorcese combinations with DeNiro but this one just does n't cut it . This Scorcese film seemed like a practice session of directing until he got into his more later works . In this movie DeNiro plays a wild young man who is trying to still find acceptance and trust in his older and much wiser collegue and caretaker -LRB- Keital -RRB- , but this movie should not be in any mob movie collector unless you just want it cuz everyone else says so . This movie does n't really hold up in today 's movies . I mean i really appreciate other movies made during this era ... like Deer Hunter , Taxi Driver , Chinatown , etc. ... Those movies should all be in any collector 's collection . This movie is slow and the only thing that gives it a glimmer of interest ... is the acting done by DeNiro and Keital ... Buy this movie if you want to finish your DeNiro collection ... but that should be the only reason you buy it for .
 I saw this movie in my local video store , and I got excited . I saw huge names -LRB- Keitel , De Niro , Scorsese , what would YOU expect ? -RRB- So I got home , called a couple of friends over , and we sat and watched this movie.This was possibly the most disappointing movie of all time . I 'm not kidding at all . I seriously felt dumber after watching this movie ; there was absolutely no plot . I do n't know how all these people are prancing around calling it `` one of the greatest hits of the '70s ! '' No.Keep in mind , I 'm a HUGE Keitel , as well as De Niro fan . I was so disappointed with this movie ; but the problem was , there was absolutely no plot , and no transition . The actors played their characters well , but there was no room for characters in the movie . It was a huge upset ; ` travesty ' does not do this movie justice . No plot , no culmination , no action , no transition , no STORY . Period .
 P.T. Barnum once mused `` no one ever went broke underestiating the intelligence of the Amercan people . '' Martin Scorcese made a fortune with this movie . I was 11 years old when `` Mean Streets '' hit the movie theatres , and I have been in love with the oldies since I was 17 years old and started listening to WCBS-FM . Those are the two , and only two , things that Means Streets has going for it . The soundtrack features such superb classics as `` Please Mr. Postman , '' by the Marvelettes , `` Ship Of Love , '' by the Nutmegs , and `` Mickey 's Monkey , '' by Smokey Robinson . I love the cars , too , especially the midnight blue 1970 Chrysler New Yorker Harvey Keitel eventually crashed . I do n't see anything else the movie has going for it . Other than Robert DeNiro owing Richard Romanus money with Harvey Keitel running interference , and Keitel being in love with DeNiro 's epileptic cousin , it is impossible to figure out what 's happening . In one scene , `` Chollie '' says to `` Tony , '' the club owner , `` you got a habit of saying one thing then sliding right into something else like no one 's supposed to notice . '' That 's Mean Streets . I do n't understand why it 's called `` Mean Streets , '' because it 's not about a runaway or prostitute ; it 's supposed to be about the comings and goings of a bunch of young wiseguys . The plot slides from Keitel 's Catholic guilt to DeNiro 's debts to shylocks to an attempt at collecting money owed , on and on and on ad forever . Unlike the movie `` A Hard Day 's Night , '' having no plot did not work . And last but not least , please explain to me why three people have to ride together in the front seatof that land yacht of a Chrysler New Yorker ?
 i saw this movie in film class in college . The teacher said it was a beautiful film , and perhaps she 's right . i thought the movie was too boring , and that it was filmed too dark . i mean , sometimes it was hard to see what was happening , it was so dark ! But you should check it out and make your own judgement .
 Taxi Driver and Raging Bull are my favorite movies and I love Keitel 's work too . But this was an all around letdown . Flat , boring , pointless , I ca n't find one thing positive to say about it .
 I found this film to be anticlimatic , and not that interesting . -LRB- I thought the ending was a real letdown , in contrast to those who thought it was so terrific -RRB- . After reading positive reviews I was really looking forward to a great tale , but didnt see much of a plot . It seems to me that if it wasnt for the big names in this film , it would be a forgotten one . If you like DeNiro , and dont mind older films , Deer Hunter is a much better film and much more thought provoking . That film has a point -LRB- perhaps Mean Streets had one but if it did it was too boring for me to notice -RRB- , and is worth multiple viewings . I probably wouldnt waste my time watching Mean Streets again .
 After -LRB- re-seeing -RRB- Taxi Driver recently , I was eager to see Mean Streets on satellite.After 25 minutes , I could n't stand it anymore , and deleted it.This movie is drivel , about a group of worthless losers who somehow think that their pathetic lives are important to anyone but themselves.Yes , there are some stylistic similarities to Taxi Driver -LRB- along with some of the same actors , of course -RRB- , but the result is dramatically different.I am guessing that a good bit of the dialogue in this movie was improvised , but in order for that to be a success , it would need to have some reasonable framework to hang on.This movie is tedious , a total waste of time.It may be that `` students of film '' find this movie worthy of study , but it 's a clunker .
 Mean Streets is my favourite film . I 've seen it over 30 times in all kinds of various incarnations - VHS , DVD , repertory cinema . It 's a movie of urban cacophony - car horns , sirens , vintage rock and opera compete with gritty photography of ` 70s New York to create a thrilling and chaotic way of life . The best quality that I 've ever seen of it was when I saw a specially restored print for its 30th anniversary several years ago . Wow - every frame was a mesmerising testimony as to what cinema is capable of . A truly sensual and moving experience , for sure.Does the Mean Streets that appears on this blu ray transfer capture the magic of this great movie ? No , not in the slightest . It is a VERY poor transfer , in my opinion . The grit and the sensuality of this great film has been severely compromised . The crimson-drenched barroom scenes look pale and anemic , the gritty street scenes look dull and ordinary . The colors lack the boldness and vigour that I 've seen so many times in the cinema , even in the poorest of prints . I 'm no expert on video transfer but it seems to me that an excessive amount of DNR has been used . The faces lack detail , the film grain non-evident . It just does n't look like film at all and in fact it baffles me why anyone would want to invent a technology like blu ray and then waste it with a subpar transfer like this . It looks more like bad DVD to me . Watching this as a long-time admirer gave me no pleasure at all . Newcomers will be baffled as to why this has been heralded as a legendary film if they use this version as the standard.I would advise against buying this and to exercise caution with future blu ray purchases . Just because the technology is capable of great things does n't necessarily mean it will reach those lofty heights . So do n't go out and put the old DVDs on internet auction sites just yet . Better still , do n't ignore your local repertory cinema either - currently the only way to see this movie with its power intact .
 I just recently sit down to watch what I figured would be an original , 70 's masterpiece . I mean , Keitel , De Niro , Scorsese , how could it be anything but good , ... right ? Wrong . This movie has great acting by Keitel & De Niro , however the plot is absurd ! Let me break it down for ya : Charlie -LRB- Keitel -RRB- runs errands for his uncle , Giovanni -LRB- the local mob boss -RRB- . Charlie 's main buddies are Michael , the goodhearted loanshark -LRB- played by Richard Romanus -RRB- and Johnny Boy -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , a petty & delinquint loser , who happens to owe Michael quite a bit of money . Early on in the movie , Charlie is visiting a guy named Oscar , at his restaurant , to `` collect '' for his uncle . Oscar tells Charlie that he ca n't make the payments to his uncle because his business partner has skipped outta town . Oscar knows that he has no choice but to turn the restaurant over to Charlie 's uncle , Giovanni . Giovanni , in turn , is planning to give the restaurant to Charlie , for his excellent work . His only requests to Charlie is to stop hanging around with Johnny Boy , and to keep an eye on Johnny Boy 's cousin , Theresa , -LRB- who happens to live right next to Charlie -RRB- . Giovanni further states to Charlie , to not get involved with Theresa because she is a `` freak '' , -LRB- a `` freak '' because she has epilepsy -RRB- . We find out from uncle Giovanni that Johnny Boy & Theresa are from another ` family ' that had past ties with Charlie 's family . Well , what do you know , Charlie is already ` secretly ' dating Theresa . Meanwhile , Michael keeps hustling Charlie about Johnny Boy 's debts . Charlie keeps assuring Michael that he 'll talk to Johnny Boy . And everytime he talks to Johnny Boy , it goes in one ear , and out the other.You got 2 hours to kill?Quilt a blanket!Re - arange that old collection of Oktoberfest bier steins!Whatever you do , skip this 2 hour YAWN-A-THON !
 Nerd Score Sleazy would like everybody to think he actually grew up tough in NYC -- though this allegedly autobiographical junk was written by somebody else AND rips off scenes from lots of other movies.Keitel with his hand over the fire was ripped off from `` Lawrence of Arabia , '' for one thing.And , Deniro is annoying -- a lot of Deniro performances in 70s movies are annoying , which is why he only really became known to a mass audience with his later comedies.Deniro getting shot at the end is the best part -- cause Deniro and his character are so annoying he deserved getting shot in the movie.This movie was a big influence on Hong Kong action movies , and Hong Kong action movies are n't exactly known for their realism .
 I ordered Mean Streets based on a review I seen on a special on gangster and mafia movies . It is terrible . I do not recommend it to anyone .
 This had to be one of the worst films I have ever seen . Just because it had big names , did n't make it good . I do have to say however that when hammered , this film is one of the funniest I have ever seen . I mean , it takes a pair to check your pants at a coat check . I only recommend this film to the heavily innebriated .
 ` Mean Streets ' is one of the few Scorsese films that is not good . In fact , it is quite bad . Aviod it , but only watch if you are curious about Martin Scorsese films .
 My only reason for seeing this film is because Robert DeNiro is in it . Good 1960 's music and good Italian music , but good music does n't always make a film good . This is a horrible film . Waste of my time .
 i 'm a huge deniro fan , and this movie is horrible . I 'm sure it was considered good when it came out , just has not been able to stand the test of time . Nothing happens in the movie , they talk stupid and then go and get in an uninteresting fight . I had to turn it off it was so boring .
 I will never understand what people see in this film , however it has a huge following ? Wes Craven , and any director really , should stay out of his own films because HE CAN NOT ACT ! As for the stupid premise and barely existant script for this film , I wonder what Wes Craven was thinking ? Everyone is OVER the `` ironic '' horror movie plot which is so present in the 90 's . Wes Craven is the champion of this and how many times can we see it done so badly ? It 's very hard to beleive he made the first one . Very hard . Two thumbs down !
 I borrowed it from the library so watching it did n't cost me any money . The video cover is scarier than the movie.This film dragged ... poor plot ... and worse acting . Thank God , for the pause button because it would have been difficult to sit though this whole movie without a break . I did enjoy the mother decking the smirk off the nurse 's face after the mother protested them giving her son a sedative . It 's too bad it was n't one of those nasty nurses who died instead of the nice babysitter .
 Now dont get me wrong , this movies good on it 's own right but not as a series
 This was a movie turned into a movie that has to be a real joke to the series . This was a movie where the original stars of the first movie have trouble with Freddy and then Freddy comes to the real world and then kills people . The weird part of this movie was how director Wes Craven made the movie like a documentary of Freddy 's life instead of a sequel . The special effects were n't too good nor bad either but you could see why the special effects were mediocre because of the low budget . Freddy would star in his next movie Freddy Vs Jason that was a lot better than this .
 this is the worst bloated piece of garbage crappy disgusting boring `` film '' i have seen in a long time . it is not interesting , it is not scary , there is no redeeming quality . it is stupid , pointless , and not fun . I would rather pour sulfuric acid into my eye than watch this one . and in case you 're wondering `` well maybe there 's nudity '' there IS N'T .
 Wes Craven 's `` New Nightmare '' is a real disappointment . First and foremost , this movie is based on the premise that all of the other `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' movies were just that , a movie and that 's all , so it has nothing to do with any of the previous movies.Second , the idea that a movie character is coming to life from some ancient evil is ridiculous . Okay , I admit , Freddy is ridiculous to begin with , but a movie character becoming real just because it wants to ?? And this so called movie character named Freddy decides to come after the actors and director from the original flick , e.g. Heather Langenkamp , Wes Craven and Robert Englund . I think this movie stinks based on the abovementioned factors , but many people like it.Nevertheless , I can not get over the fact that the legitimacy of this movie demands that the audience accept the fact that the prior `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' movies were just that , movies , and that Freddy 's legacy is basically some big joke . Some of the kills are pretty good , but the movie is spoiled because of the premise it bases itself on and it is obvious why Wes Craven decided to do this flick.Clearly , the motivation behind this film was the recent failures of the latter sequels to the `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' sequels . Indeed , Hollywood went too far with the Freddy sequels and they wanted to get back to an original and almost realistic type of horror to some extent , but in doing so , they basically wipe out the existence of Freddy 's past and that creates an unsatisfied feeling in the audience and destroys any remaining credibility that Freddy Krueger had as villain to begin with .
 Oh man . Picked up this steaming pile of shart in the $ 5.50 bin . I watched it years ago , and didnt remeber any of it so I watched it again . That was the worst mistake of my life.This is a bastard son of a decent series . Its kinda like Seed Of Chucky in the way that the prevois seriers were movies . The actors of all the old movies realize Freddy is real becuase he lives in the script , or something lousy like that . Not to mention there are only like 3 murders and Freddy looks totally lame , especailly with that retared Robot Glove.If you like the Nightmare movies , and never seen this movie , DO NOT WATCH IT AT ALL COSTS ! It humiliates the memories of all the other Nightmares and will make you despise them all .
 I know i 'm not in the popular crowd here . I really , really tried to enjoy this movie . I thought it was overlong and the acting extremely lethargic at best . Was Wes trying to put us to sleep ? I found this movie very hard to sit through , and it was n't because of the lack of killings . It 's just a very slow movie . I think if there was more to the storyline , I may have enjoyed it . The first hour of the movie is Heather trying to figure out what 's happening to her son , who is acting very strangely . Yawn!I also found myself almost laughing at the corny dialog between Wes and Heather when Wes is explaining that Freddy has nowhere to go after the `` Nightmare '' series ended and now `` the Genie is let out of the bottle . '' Gee , lets see . A character that was made up and does n't exist in the first 6 movies , all of a sudden exists in real life , and now wants to terrorize the cast of the original `` Nightmare '' ? Does this make sense?The actor who plays Dylan is decent I guess , but i 've seen better kid actors . It just was n't convincing enough . I can see him acting , and that 's not good.I think this would have been a better movie if it was cut a little shorter and it did n't disregard the rest of the `` Nightmare '' series . For fans who may have not seen this movie , I say watch it . For people who can care less , stick with the first `` Nightmare '' .
 I really love the first Nightmare on Elm street movie . the rest of the series are just absurd and borderline ridiculous . I thought this movie would be better since Wes Craven was directing/writing it.In my opinion it 's everything but scary.The concept of this evil entitity trapped in stories for eons is interesting , however not very well explored in my opinion.The scenes remind us of the first Nightmare on Elm Street , a bit cool when it comes to nostalgia but they completely have no surprise effect whatever.It was nice to see some people of the original movie , like John Saxon and Nick Corrie . Yet they have such small roles which undermines their presence in the movie.Corrie does n't even have a line.The `` scary '' scenes are actually hilarious at some points . This movie could have been better in my opinion ...
 All I can say is WOW !! I love Freddy and recently watched every single movie in order -LRB- Including the ones I already saw -RRB- and could not wait to find out how they resurect Freddy in part 7 . I knew Wes Craven directed this one too which made me even more excited . Then in the first scene of the movie they ruin the entire frachise -LRB- ALMOST -RRB- ! They directly state the previous movies are movies . WTF !! Horrible idea . Now Freddy haunts dreams and does n't haunt dreams . He kills people that are n't sleeping very very wierd stuff.THE GOOD !! Standing alone this movie is pretty good . It is creepy and gorey . It is well written and I applaud Wes Craven for TRYING again . Also I love the connections to the previous movies.THE BAD !!! Freddy has no crazy killing scenes . He barely kills people in there dreams . The plot line is lame -LRB- HE needs to be in movies or he will kill people in the real world . -RRB- Also freddy barely talks and is really not freddy -LRB- Does not even look the same -RRB- . He is really only freddy by name only.Watch this only to say you have seen all the Nightmare movies . And only buy it if you are getting the box set -LRB- A DAMN GOOD BUY -RRB- .
 The movie was not the best effort by Robert Englund or Wes Craven . They did a good job at blurring fiction and reality , but all in all a disappointment . As I watched this movie I thought to myself , why is Wes Craven so famous for ? Sure he 's made two classic movies - Nightmare on Elm Street and Scream but thats about all . I love Wishmaster , but im sure people dont even remember it . Last House on the Left was bad or at least I thought so . The last three or four movies he 's done has been flops . So why is Wes Craven so popular ? He really hasnt done much . Come on , I know there is a reviewer out there dying to answer this .
 Wes Craven is writing a new Nightmare movie and his would be star , Heather Langenkamp is having nightmares about her co-star Robert Englund 's killer glove coming after her and her family . And , just like in the others , the dreams become reality . Unbeliveably boring and slow . Not for the Nightmare fans for sure . The actors and staff do a good job playing themselves .
 This film tries to be scary and I feel it failed miserably at this attempt . Some o.k. scenes , but that does not justify purchasing this video . Go ahead and rent it , but save that cash in your pocket on better horror movies .
 When i saw this movie i thought it would be better then all the rest of the nightmare movies with the exception of the first one -LRB- which is the best -RRB- Well , this move sucked alot ! There was a few good parts but not enough , but most of the scary parts were taken from other movies and from all the other nightmare on elm street movies . I was very dissapointed Wes Craven can do 10 times better then this .
 Let me start by saying yes i 'm a kid , because i 'm 13 , and I am a big fan of the nightmare series , but this final addition is ridiculously long , confusing , and annoying . It 's long , because it 's 112 minutes , it 's confusing , because it barely makes any sense , it 's annoying , because you predict every scene , and Heather 's son dylan screams for no reason all the time , and you hardly ever see Freddy . There are only 4 kills in this one , the first three all happen in the first half hour of the movie , making the movie slow . The kills are for the most part terrible , the only good one was where Chase was gashed in the chest by Freddy 's claw which came out of the car seat . So overall , this ranks # 6 in the Nightmare series for me . Those of you who dont like this movie and feel lonely for it , do n't , i barely watch this one . So do n't buy this movie , unless you just want to complete your freddy collection .
 O.K. , now this is just getting rediculous , in this one all the actors in the nightmare on elm st series play themselves , and freddy becomes real . I mean cmon just let freddy die already .
 If your a die hard fan and saw them all , you may like it , otherwise be warned . It 's not good , the twisting of reality with Robert Englund appearing as himself , and Wes Craven 's cameo just did n't add the renewal of life that they had hoped . It 's not really scary either , which I thought was kind of a requirement in these horror movies .
 if you are a big fan of the nightmare series FORGET THIS ONE ! its because of wes that there wont be a new nightmare on elm street sequel ! the plot for this is is that the freddy charicter was reincarnaited into real life and he 's stalking robert englund and heather langankamp -LRB- the stars from the 1st nightmare -RRB- they should of at least left it at 6 or they could of had alices son be stalked by freddy . but noooo ! wes wanted to screw up the nightmare series ! if you want the entire colection do not add this to it .
 I 'm sorry , but I did not like this film . I 'm glad I did not pay to see this in theaters . I saw it on TV -LRB- cable -RRB- , and was not pleased with the film at all . Bad acting , and a waste of film . The movie was not scary , and it was predictable . Truth is just watch the first 4 Freddy movies . Those are the BEST ones in the series .
 Talk about beating a dead horse . How much further can the Freddy thing get stretched ? The idea of a character from the movies ` becoming real because he was so evil ' is ludicrous at best . It would be like walking into 7-11 and bumping into Darth Vadar as you were filling up your Big Gulp . Robert Englund was happy to make this I 'm sure , I mean after awhile people started calling him Freddy everywhere he went . What else was he gon na do , make Cereal or Laundry Soap commercials ? Stick with the original series , this was stupid .
 This movie was absolutely terrible ! The only good thing about it is Heather Langenkamp and Robert Englund starred in it . Also what 's the deal with the krappy new Glove that looks like veins and other organic things are attached , huh LOL ! I feel sorry for the Nightmare fans because this terrible sequal was made . It destroys the Nightmare Name and the Original Idea of Freddy being only a dream killer . Do n't buy.THIS MOVIE SUCKS !
 I heard good things about this so I rented it because I love Freddy and the other franchise horror movies . What I heard was wrong . Sure it had the original actors but the movie was so slow and boring . The story was ludacris and I hated that little kid in the movie . It 's always the worst when they have to save a little kid in a horror movie . BLECH !
 Wes Craven decided to make a Nightmare on Elm Street movie by mixing reality with fantasy . This was a good idea but the movie itself just was n't good . The fist half of New Nightmare is slow and drawn out while the second half barely picks up and leaves a mediocre ending . If you are curious to see this film then go ahead and rent it . Still , I think the chances of New Nightmare being dissapointing are very high .
 They 've come up with titles again and again with the final nightmare or the final chapter or the final friday . It never ends . Our grandchildren 's grandchildren 's grandchildren will be watching the 45th nightmare on elm street along with halloween and friday the 13th it will never end . They tried to mask how many they made by taking away the numbers and just putting in a name . Nice try it did n't work . I love horror movies and Freddy 's my hero but making the other 6 just movies and making this 1 real life is dumb . Next it 'll be Wes Craven 's 2nd New Nightmare . Getting Nancy a son was a good idea considering the plot was gettin old but Freddy Kruger a TV character . Come On . If something 's fine why change it . The nightmare on elm street 's are great so why tamper with it . Still though next time they make one the movie better not be a movie
 Watching Wes Craven 's New Nightmare is more like living a real nightmare . I can not believe he was ever serious about making this atrocious movie.This is the plot ; A demon force takes on many forms , but it is around the sets of the Nightmare On Elm Street series and thus takes on `` a form '' of Freddy . it haunts and trys to kill Heather Lankenkamp -LRB- actress who played Nancy -RRB- and other involved parties.So it does n't sound that bad . it is . The movie is very , very slow , and mostly involves the `` real world '' approach of pointless scenes involving earthquakes , and trying to figure out the movie 's non-existent storyline.Not to mention how awful Freddy looks . His glove looks like it is made out of plastic bones , and Freddy himself looks like he suffered a bad sunburn and appears very plastic , nothing like the `` terribly burned '' man of the previous films.The acting is also pretty bad , not from Heather Lankenkamp -LRB- who is one of the highlights of the series besides Robert Englund as Freddy himself -RRB- , but the kid who plays her son particulary . He does nothing but scream at random , and his acting is cringe-worthy . When the movie finally get 's started -LRB- if you are still awake -RRB- , one might espect something interesting , because what they are really facing is some sort of demon creature . Eventually he takes Heather 's son . Freddy proceeds to hold him over upcoming traffic in one of the fakest looking effects , and this movie was made in the early 90 's , 9 years after the original.Eventually Heather must enter the dream world to save him . First we have a creepy looking Freddy fountain , and fire around . It becomes intruiging for about five seconds , to when Heather sticks a knife in the demon 's leg , and he suddenly screams and seems incapacitated for a few minutes . Really ? Some demon this thing is . He proceeds to chase them around , and finds the kid in a room he can not reach in . He begins to stretch his hand in a really bad effect that may remind one of the `` Where 's Waldo ? '' comics . And if this is n't bad enough , he then opens his mouth in another terrible effect . Needless to say , this movie 's effects can not even help , which is ridicoulous considering of the creativity and excitment of previous effects in the other Nightmare films.It ends with some random script being finished , with a note from Craven thanking her for playing Nancy again . Really ? Words can not express just how terrible New Nightmare is . It has to be one of the stupidest horror movies of all time . No wonder it was the lowest grossing , because it was the worst.Note
 I watched this movie on cable last night ; and it was horrible . It was the worst Nightmare on Elm Stret Movies ever . It does n't follow the story line at all from the past movies . It took forever , for anything scary to happen . Also , the movie was n't as gory or bloody like previous movies . Not worth buying at all .
 Wes Craven 's New Nightmare , is played out in real life with the actors who played the characters in the Nightmare in Elm Street series . It starts with Heather -LRB- Nancy in `` N.I.E.S '' series -RRB- , her husband and 6 year old son reciving threatning phone calls that contain the Freddy Gruger rymes . Heather 's son Stats to have Freddy nightmare 's but of course no one will believe him until Heather has the same nightmare 's . It appears that Freddy has jumped off the screen and into real life and the only way to stop him is to fall asleep.This movie lacked classic horror and reaked of petty scares and not any real gore but did had it 's moments . Though Freddy did look a lot more scarier with updated facial apperance and a long black jacket he was to comedic . The grafics were not great as it was just played out in real life except for the battle with Freddy .
 What could have been an interesting insight into the effects of films and the Freddy myth in general is no more than an excuse to drag out a now tired character yet again . There are good moments , but also a lot of padding , and you ca n't help but feel all the way through this film that Freddy should have been laid to rest a long time ago .
 Having seen only Episode 1 , it is certainly well-intentioned , and is respectful of its subjects , both in Kenya and Tanzania . But two ongoing themes of the program are a -RRB- the age-old importance of land and b -RRB- the timelessness of the African people.Concerning a -RRB- this is for the most part a fundamental misreading of African peoples across the continent , reflecting a Eurocentric concern with land , as opposed to a concern with people . While land has long been a scarce resource in Europe , owing to centuries of overpopulation and a feudal system that equated land with wealth , the African continent was , until the nineteenth century , relatively underpopulated . Land was plentiful . What was important was that which was scarce
 I bought this series two years ago and loved it ! The only problem I had with the discs was what one reviewer stated , that disc one got stuck part way through episode two , and all the rest of the discs played fine . A few months ago I sat down to watch the series again and now almost every disc will not play past the half way point ! I have A LOT of DVDs and this has never happened . But there is good news ! The entire series is available in a boxed set from Yesasia.com . It is the Korean release with English subtitles -LRB- which are pretty good -RRB- and is on sale for $ 230 . I 've only watched two discs so far but have had no problems . Apparently MBC Korea has something that MBC America does not ... quality control ! Almost forgot , there are extras on these discs -LRB- no subtitles -RRB- that include interviews , photo shoots and outtakes . UPDATE I finally got through the entire set and had no problem with any disc .
 I began watching this by accident on a local foreign language TV station and became hooked . This costume drama series has it all . Full of action , drama , struggle , star crossed lovers , villians , plucky comic relief characters , and a little bad acting . The struggle between the two strong central women characters ; One young and one old , one royal and one not , one idealistic and the other pragmatic and powerful , drive the series . Even after the older one dies her actions continue to echo through the story line through the actions of the surviving characters.I 'm totally unfamiliar with Korean TV , so I do n't know if this production is typical or not . It is a really interesting story once you get all the characters straight . There are a lot of characters and the social and familial relationships are very intertwined . There are many plot twists . Some of them look improbable and created to just to fix story lines that got out of control . And you pick up a little bit about Korean culture of this `` medieval '' era and it 's relationship to the rest of the world at that time.Occasionally , there are some wordy and philosphical parts I feel must have some tie in to current issues in Korea and Asia that are passing by me . But that is ok . Also , some of the drama is slow paced and drawn out in comparison to most stories I am used to for TV . But you get hooked on seeing the characters develop and change over time . Both the heroes and villians have many dimensions.It 's very , very different from American TV . The episodes are a full hour long each and and the series itself is very long , three volumes . The most interesting character does n't even show up until the second volume ! I bought the DVDs because there was just no other way for me to get through it all.This addictive series is really an escape into a completely different world.ADD ON WARNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Change from 5 to 1 star . Very dissapointed in volune 1 disks.I still rate the series highly , but the product I have from MBC America is labled region 1,4 with release date September 2009 English subtitles . It appears to be genuine product . Also , the runing time is 1400 minutes , so I think there is an error in the product listing details on Amazon for that.The DVD 's are locking up , skipping , defective and impossible to watch with enjoyment . Extremely poor quality control by MBC America . These are systemic and repeatable errors , indicating they prepared data wrongly for writing to the disks or used a corrupted file . MBC America apparently has no quality assurance department to check master file before manufacturing disks . Supposedly this was a huge hit series in Korea and I guess they wanted to get the DVDs out fast . But it is inexcusable for for the MBC to ever ship item of such poor quality for export . What a bunch of amateurs !!! If their defective sets were recalled , they missed the one I got . So buying something labled MBC America product is no guarantee of functionality.I bought volume 1 from another vendor locally , so I am out of luck as far as replacement . If you can get a guaranteed functional set , go for it , as the series is very enjoyable.I am not sure what region 1 set is ok , as mine looks identical to this listing . The only difference I can see is there are no Spanish subtitles as listed in the amazon product details on the volume 1 set I have purchased .
 The drama was great , but the product I bought had severe scratches and I had to give up 1/2 of contents .
 Queen Seon Deok is a captivating historical drama . The quality of MBC America 's box sets is lacking though . Be sure to check the bottoms of your discs once you receive because many are filled with scratches . Boxes 2 and 3 have discs laying on top of each other in a digipak case , and these discs come out of their holders during shipment and end up rolling around in the box . Box 1 has plastic clips on the sides that hold the discs in place , and there are scratches on the bottom because of that . So be sure you are able to play your discs before the return period is up . I had to get a replacement 2-3 times . Also the info on Amazon should be updated , these only have English subtitles -LRB- no Spanish -RRB- . I guess MBC does n't care about the quality of their items for Region 1 . The packaging looks pretty , but it does not serve the basic function of holding all discs safely . The Korean Region 3 release has normal DVD cases like movies and I doubt they give those local customers scratched up DVDs . 5 stars for the show itself , a generous 2 stars for these box sets ... I ended up ordering the Region 3 set from Korea and will eventually sell off the ones from MBC America . You even get a bonus disc in the R3 Korean set with extras like outtakes , etc. . . which are always fun to watch .
 the story line is perfect the cast and choreogophy are great but the dvd 's suck out of the first 20 chapters only 5 have had no problems and i lost have of the story line
 After watching some great Chinese productions -LRB- The Banquet , The Golden Flower etc. -RRB- , I bought this based upon the five star rating here . It is garbage , period .
 AN EX-CON -LSB- STEPHEN BALDWIN -RSB- HELPS THE POLICE GO AFTER A SERIAL BOMBER . HAS A COUPLE OF GOOD ACTORS IN ITS CAST , BUT THE STORY IS POORLY PACED AND THE SCRIPT IS WEAK . NOT TO MENTION , THE ACTION SCENES ARE ALSO BAD . THIS MOVIE IS A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY . THIS MOVIE AI N'T NO BETTER OR DIFFERENT THAN ANY OF THE OTHER DIRECT TO VIDEO ACTION MOVIES THAT YOU 'LL SEE IN THE ACTION SECTION OF YOUR LOCAL VIDEO STORE .
 Inaudible particularly for Gollum 's talking and some of the songs . Glitches appear in the taping including soem sections where the sound drops off for a second in the middle of a sentence . Not re-digitized . Not worth it . Perhaps other reviews refer to a different version of the movie .
 I grew up with this movie , and it was my gateway drug to the world of J.R.R. Tolkien . It 's got high quality animation for the time it was made , a very unique and creative art style , catchy songs , and serves as a good enough cliffnotes version of the story to get kids hooked . Unfortunately , this DVD , while looking better than I ever remembered and having crystal clear audio , is almsot unwatchable because most of the sound effects are either completely missing or have been sloppily replaced with public domain foley . Me and my brothers were watching this disc a while back , and the poor audio mixing was so bad we were checking for loose wires on our stereo . `` Why is there a campfire sound when smog is roaring , '' `` why is n't there any sound when the spiders die ? '' and `` should n't there be a rumbling sound when those rocks fall ? '' were common questions throughout the viewing , and it was n't until later that I learned that Warner Bros. was to blame for this craptastic problem . It 's almost unwatchable.Save yourself some money and just download `` The Hi-Fi Hobbit '' for free . You get the DVD 's restored video combined with the original hi-fi VHS audio track . Yeah , it wo n't sound as clear , but at least you 'll actually HAVE sound , which is more than I can say for this half-assed excuse for a digital restoration . Even George Lucas would take a crap on this DVD . When Warner Bros. decides to pony up the money and do a proper audio restoration on a future release of this movie I will buy it , but until then I am not giving them a penny for a product that is inferior to my abused old VHS cassette .
 As a big fan of J. R. R. Tolkien 's classic novel `` The Hobbit , '' I was extremely disappointed after watching this animated version last night.Released as a television movie in 1978 , this animated `` cartoon '' version of one of my favorite books fails in just about every way possible . From the completely uninspired , low budget TV animation , to the annoying soundtrack complete with horrible songs , this movie completely misses the fun and excitement of the book.Sadly , Tolkien 's wonderful characters are all reduced to dull , unmemorable one dimensional cartoons , and even the voice talents of such people as John Huston , who is the voice of Gandalf , add little to the overall mediocre production.If you 're looking for a nice `` kiddy movie '' to keep your very young children entertained for a few hours , than maybe this movie will be acceptable . But if you are a serious adult fan of `` The Hobbit '' I think you will be unimpressed and probably quite bored with this animated version.The Hobbit is a true classic , a wonderful fairy tale and a grand adventure ! It was such a fun book to read as a kid , and again as an adult . I truly hope that one day this book gets the same `` live action '' film treatment that Tolkien 's `` Lord of the Rings '' has already received . It 's long overdue that this story becomes the epic motion picture that so many fans have been hoping for.Mike
 There 's lot 's of problems with this DVD . First of all , they 've added some kind of bloom effect that makes everything look glowy . I assume this was to make look new and shiny but it also makes everything look especially dark . You can hardly see the Riddles in the Dark scene because it 's so dark!Then there are random edits throughout the entire movie . At the very beginning , the video stops and the frame literally spins around the screen . Why ? And there 's tons of skips and cuts and audio missing throughout the rest of the movie . Why did they find it necessary to add this stuff ? It 's like they did n't even watch it and realize how bad it is before they released it . It sucks too because this is the only DVD version I can find that is n't 99 bucks . You 're better off finding a download or VHS copy .
 This movie is one of my favorites and I was ecstatic to find it on DVD . I was so excited , I bought it despite the negative reviews citing terrible image quality and missing audio . Unfortunately , all of the negative reviews are true . This DVD is unwatchable . Entire scenes are too dark to see , almost all of the sound effects are missing , random sections loop , and certain lines of dialogue have been cut entirely . This beautiful and exceptional movie has been butchered . Buyers beware .
 This is a review about this specific version of the Hobbit cartoon . This is not a review about the actual cartoon , I love the cartoon and always will . This reproduction however is really quite poor . Below are the main issues I have with this edition.-Poor color enhancement -LRB- the entire movie was already very dark -RRB- This production company has taken an already dark film and seemingly further darkened it . The result being that much of the time the `` darkness '' effect renders the picture so dark that not much can be made out at all and sadly this occurs for probably about 60 % of the movie.-Unneeded sound/visual effects added . While these are not extreme and are not used to excess they can be silly and there is no point to them . Fire crackling noises , a scream or shout here and there just are unnecessary additions and trivialize the film . At times during transition scenes a corner of the screen lifts up and turns like a book page which is a totally unnecessary and unwanted addition.-Clipped sound/images . While the previous issues can be chalked up to old film or weak reproduction technology , but for the film to actually SKIP at times -LRB- and it 's not the DVD , its the actual movie -RRB- , this is unacceptable . For a company to re-release something with skips and repeats in it is just piss poor . To be fair , it 's infrequent and does n't disrupt the movie too much , but for any current DVD to have this issue is just beyond belief . At times the actual scene will repeat briefly and at other times -LRB- during songs no less -RRB- the film will simply just skip ahead a few seconds . Very shoddy and probably the biggest knock on this cheap reproduction.If you are prepared to accept these foibles , then for the price , this DVD is n't that horrible . This is the reason I gave it two stars rather than just one . It is the cartoon and it was great to get to watch it again . It 's just a shame they clearly gave it very little care or attention when giving it a re-release to DVD . For hardcore fans who are willing to look past its problems , its still the movie you remember and love ! For those looking to see this for the first time , do yourselves a favor and wait for a real quality release .
 I have never written a review here on Amazon , though I 've been a very frequent customer for many years . My point is that I felt so inclined to finally do so in order to warn everyone else from purchasing this DVD , especially with The Hobbit 's popularity sure to rise with Peter Jackson 's upcoming film . This was a cartoon I grew up with , and watched rather religiously on VHS . Unlike other reviewers , I found the sound to be fine ; that 's not where my problem lies . The picture quality , as my title makes clear , is incredibly miserable ... All of the original artwork , created to resemble legendary illustrator Arthur Rackham 's watercolor pieces , is completely washed out and muddied . There are scenes so incredibly mute or dark that you literally can not make out what is happening . Other scenes -LRB- most in fact -RRB- appear to hold a terrible foggy look , or the colors bleed into others everywhere . Very few scenes remain true to the original cut . Even the hand-drawn lines of the characters and environments look to have been very poorly transitioned digitally , leaving them with a low resolution appearance ... Any fans of Tolkien , this film , or animation in general would do well to steer clear of this thing ! I really hate to say it , as it 's a wonderful piece of Hobbit history , but do yourself a favor and wait for a proper restoration ! It may only be $ 10 , but it really is as bad as it sounds , and seems to be a hasty release to cash in on the holiday season , and the release of Jackson 's The Hobbit
 This DVD is a cheap copy of a great film . I bought this DVD thinking it was a remastered copy of the original , and I was greatly disappointed . Most of the scenes are too dark to see anything , and it repeats in several locations during the film . Do not waste your money on this . If you want a good copy of this movie , make sure to buy the one with the WB logo on the cover .
 I noticed in this film that my favorite character Beourn was sadly left out . The film also jumped around alot . The goblins looked really pathetic , along with the woodland elves . It never explained how the dwarves got captured by the Woodland elves in the movie.But it was good I must say for an overall feeling and is great for younger Hobbit fans .
 It is not fair to call this a `` review '' because I have not watched the DVD . Due to having seen several reviews here and on other websites regarding the lack of good audio and the sadly recrafted movie , I refuse to buy it . I LOVE The Hobbit from my childhood . I have been searching for months for the movie in DVD for my kids and after reading several reviews , I know myself well enough to choose to avoid the deep disappointment that others have related about this particular DVD . I just want the same movie I watched as a kid on a DVD . Is that too much to ask ?
 It 's been a long time since I attempted to watch this -LSB- film -RSB- , but not long enough . The author is certainly entitled to his own interpretation , but unless it 's a vaguely entertaining one I really wish he would n't try to foist it off on others . This movie just plain -LSB- is not good -RSB- -- annoying animation , obnoxious voices , and worst of all , a complete butchering of the spirit of the book .
 I grew up watching this movie as a child and I loved it . Now I have kids of my own and I am reading them the book . I wanted my kids to see this movie to relive the magic it gave me . However , when I first started playing this I noticed something 's wrong with it . The video look wrong , it was too dark or the wrong color . The audio was terrible too . Sound effect and voices were missing completely . If you enjoy this movie and want to get a copy do n't buy this . It will ruin it for you .
 I bought 2 of these discs . Both seem like bad copies
 I was happy enough to get a DVD copy of this even if it was just a straight VHS rip , but my VHS copy is actually better . The sound and video quality are sub-par . There are moments where awkward video transitions are inserted as if there were cuts in the available print and in places the scene skips or repeats itself for a second . I would not recommend this to anyone . Until someone gets around to doing this movie justice with a real blu-ray , you 're better off just holding on to a VHS copy .
 the movie is of very poor quality . My daughter wanted to share a favorite movie from her childhood with her own boys . very disappointed .
 Put quite simply - this adaption does not even come close to feeling like something from Tolkien . I 'll admit , the animation is n't bad -LRB- although not really what I pictured when I first read the Hobbit -RRB- , but if the creators felt they had to dumb down the dialouge as much as they did to appeal to a younger audience then they should n't have even bothered , and just let the book speak for itself . I can see where a five or six year old would enjoy this , and if it gets them into Tolkien , all the better I guess . But for anyone looking for a deep , faithful adaption of even the most simple book concerning Middle Earth - AVOID THIS MOVIE
 I was looking forward to watching this animated version , as i havent read the book . I was expecting it to be like the original Lord Of The Rings animated classic ... but was dissapointed by a few things . Firstly the animation is aimed at younger children of about 2-5 years old . The songs are really really annoying & too american style , as well as american accents which , i feel spoil it . The atmosphere is great & the backdrops wonderfull . As well as some really beautifull effects ... The main thing i hate is that Golem looks more like a frog than how he is supposed to look.It great to see The Hobbit on dvd , but i prefer to watch it with the sound OFF.Why didnt they just make this & `` the return of the king '' amimation , the same as the original ? or mabe just tweak it slightly here & there?visualy impressive , but a sonic failure .
 I saw this when I was a kid and after seeing the NEW LOTR ... found a renewed interest in The Hobbit . So re-rented it and immediately wished I had n't . No , I have n't read the books yet , but I intend to . However , that does n't excuse how gross this cartoon is . As a child it scared the -LRB- insert expletive here -RRB- outta me and today it still does . The only interesting character is our heroic wizard and sometimes I wished that he 'd just zap Baggins right off the screen for good . The film really did n't delve into any depths the book , I believe , touches on ... and I was left with questions...lots-o-them . So , I guess for real entertainment I should read the trilogy from Tolkien , ... .
 The one word that sums this movie up is dreadful . I love the story , but the little Nazi-style elves sprouting leaves are just one example of how this interpretation went wrong . With only one exception -LRB- The Return of the King , also by Rankin - Bass -RRB- it is it is the worst adaptation of Tolkien 's works that I have ever seen .
 People have written reviews here that suggest that this movie should be viewed as a movie for `` kids '' and should take it 's departure from the book with a grain of salt . However , JRR Tolkien initially wrote this novel for children , and NOT for mature adults . -LRB- That came later with The Lord of the Rings . -RRB- So why in the world would you take a story that was ORIGINALLY written for children and further `` adapt '' it for children again ? Are they `` adapting '' for dumber children ? I think Tolkien had a good idea of what children enjoy ; Rankin/Bass ' production , however , is just another example of what adults THINK children want to see . I would not recommend this for all but the very smallest of children .
 I remember despising this program when I 1st saw it -LRB- at about age 15 -RRB- , so I thought I 'd watch it again , as I could n't remember why I hated it all of almost 40 years ago . The memories came flooding back ... Topping the list would , of course , be the Tolkien butchery that angered me even as a kid -LRB- I 'd read `` The Hobbit '' and `` LOTR '' before this was aired -RRB- . Crucial parts omitted , storyline changed , spirit of the book ignored - check to all 3 . Cheesy , uninspired , bottom-of-the-barrel animation . Did you ever see any of those Godawful `` Bible Stories '' kids cartoon videos they advertise -LRB- at outrageous prices ! -RRB- on the Christial TV channels ? If so , you now know what to expect . Just terrible.Sad , sad voice acting . Not surprising when one considers Orson Bean and basically the cast of `` Jonny Quest '' is in it , but one would think that at least John Huston and Richard Boone could have done better . -LRB- Just for fun , close your eyes when `` Bard '' the guardsman speaks ... why , it 's Race Bannon !!! -RRB- Truly grating soundtrack , featuring a howlingly bad `` theme song '' by the always syrupy Glen Yarborough . Harry Nilsson , where were you when we needed you ? -LRB- Perhaps working on `` The Point '' , which was a great animated special ! -RRB- I 'm not picking on this because I 'm a Tolkien purist or anything like that , it 's just a BAD show . If your offspring expresses interest in `` The Hobbit '' , do them a huge favor and give them the book to read . *** Afterthought
 horribel its a copy of the origanal and it is so dark that you can hardly see ant thing that is going on
 This cartoon was one of my favorites when I was a kid . So now that I 've got kids of my own I bought a DVD copy to watch with them . Unfortunately , the DVD is the worst analog to digital transfer I 've ever seen . It has a very flat appearance , the colors are lifeless , not vivid like the original . They should fire the guy who made this DVD version . It looks like a cheap bootleg , maybe even worse . Do n't buy this DVD until they re-release it with a proper analog to digital transfer . Also , I think they edited parts out of the original cartoon . I rarely ever rate anything on Amazon , but this is so bad I felt like I had to warn other people . If you 've still got a VHS player , the VHS version of the film looks great .
 My review is for issues with the DVD print , not the actual movie . In fact , I love this version of `` The Hobbit '' and watched it multiple times as a child . I purchased this DVD to refresh my memory of the movie and compare it to the book before seeing Peter Jackson 's live-action version of the story . The story and animation hold up , but the print is ATROCIOUS . As other reviewers have stated
 I was very disappointed in this recorded version of the classic animated Hobbit . It was poorly recorded . . it skipped in several places , even cut out some of the Dialog and lyric from the Bard singing . Or it would repeat itself like a scratch on a record player would or a scratch on a Music CD . Which is very strange for a DVD that is BRAND NEW and w/o a mark on it 's playing surface . Plus the dark scenes -LRB- which was most of the movie -RRB- was so dark you could n't see anything.I would be better off finding me a VHS player and watching mu VHS copy . . or find a place that would be willing to tranfer it to DVD format.DON ' T BUY THIS VERSION . . Do n't waist your time .
 This movie was cheaply converted to dvd . The colors are too dark and it skips a couple times . I cant even get it to look decent after messing with the picture options on my plasma tv . Every other dvd or blu ray that I own works fine in my player , so the problem is definitely the dvd .
 The truth be told this was a poor copy the sound was good but the pitcher was very dark and hard to see in many spots . To be fair I did buy it cheep and that is what I got a cheep copy .
 This transfer feels so incomplete compared to the version I used to watch throughout my childhood . This version is choppy , with random bits skipping parts of dialogue and on loop . The worst part of this DVD is the coloring , which is horrible . The contrast is FAR too dark and this causes the scenes to become lost and , more often than not , you end up watching a pitch black screen and wondering if it 's your computer or DVD player . It IS N'T . It 's the DVD . Brand new or not , it is not worth the ten dollars you would spend for it .
 The story is a classic one and is protrayed pretty well story wise . The problem is that the characters are freakishly non-human looking -LRB- not that kids would mind , i liked it then -RRB- . Also , this movie was made in the 1970 's and they have n't made any effort to fix up the old film , so it looks like a bootleg ; seriously ! JUST BEWARE QUALITY .
 The Hobbit is a poorly drawn together picture . I 'm no cheapskater when it comes to movies , but this was really low . The Spider scene was insanely disappointing . And it left out SO MUCH !!! It was loyal to the story , but that 's not enough to save this lousuy movie . Hey , is it just me , but when the dwarf was telling his death wish thing , I coulld n't understand him because the background music was so loud . And the lighting sound effects was done by some guy . They were not detailed nor were they down to earth . I hated it .
 seeing this film successfully kept me from reading anything by tolkien for over ten years . after i had read `` the hobbit , '' i was able to watch it and laugh more often than i felt appaled.the film lacks the quiet dignity of the book and feels heavy-handed . watching it i could only think of the phrase , `` bilbo gump . '' the progress the character of bilbo makes in the book is lost in film and we are left with a hero who wanders through his various adventures , which apparently have very little effect on anything aside from his financial situation . and as an extra side-note , the music feels ridiculous .
 This video along with all the other animated films mocks the significance of Tolkien 's work to the fantasy genre . The only possible reason a person would enjoy this film is if s/he is a child or has never read the books . Support of these movies is a tell tale example of the weakening literacy of the population .
 I LOVE The Hobbit movie . I have it on VHS , and my daughter and i watch it quite often . As soon as i saw it on DVD , i purchased it , quite anxious for add-ons , or if nothing else , at least the higher quality one expects on DVD.I was VERY disappointed . There is no additional footage . If that was the only problem , it would still be worth it . However , the sound is also changed . It is like they took off some of the sound tracks or something . It 's hard to believe what a difference that makes , but it 's pretty noticeable if you 've seen the movie a few times on VHS . An example is when Smaug -LRB- the dragon -RRB- flies over the town and the archers hit it with many arrows . On the VHS version , you hear all the arrows hitting and deflecting off of him . On the DVD version , you hear NOTHING ! About half of his `` roars '' are missing as well . ; < The whole movie is full of `` missing '' sounds . Compare by watching the VHS version , and you 'll like the VHS version way better.The Hobbit is a WONDERFUL movie and i highly recommend it . However , stick to VHS for the time being , until they get these glitches fixed on the DVD version .
 I had the tape long ago , and seemed to have misplaced it . So when I saw they had an unedited version of this wonderful childhood memory I bought it up . After all , it seems many of the other versions have many flaws.Well , so did this one . It seems to be heavily edited , sometimes in the middle of a song . Also , it seems very dark , as if they used a bad version of a overused VHS tape . There even seems to be commercial breaks - you know where it goes black and then they repeat the last scene before the TV ad . Of course it could be that I just have a bad DVD but it seemed to be more edited choices than DVD problems.The end result makes me want to search for my old VHS tape or even go buy another . Why screw up such a classic ? How hard was it to find a good , clean copy and to copy it on some good DVDs ? Unedited ? UNEDITED ? Liars ! LIES ! This is a horrible , butchered version of The Hobbit.Do not get unless you can find a DVD that is truly unedited !
 As many have said , this version of the film is inferior to it 's earlier incarnations . I 've watched this film on TV and VHS since I was a child . I 've loved it ever since and never got tired of it.I was SO disappointed in the Warner 's DVD release . Half the music is subdued . And worse , half the sound effects are missing . The clanging of swords . The screech of the Eagles . The sound of Sting slicing up Spiders . The sound of Glamdring cutting down Goblins . Many more . All gone . They even cut bits of dialog . At one point , Bilbo looks like he 's just talking to himself because the off camera dialog is gone.The movie has been rendered dead and lacks of emotion . I hope they correct this with a future release . H3ll , if nothing else , they could just get the Laser disc -LRB- remember those ? * heh-heh * -RRB- and rip the soundtrack from that . Anything is better than this , Warner . You 're an old company . You know better .
 I have grown up with this story of The Hobbit , its one of my favorites . I have always had this movie in my collection and know the lines by heart . I have bought this DVD and the DVD stinks ! Warner Brothers ruined this story on DVD . How ? The sound was re-mastered for the DVD and there are sound effects MISSING ! They used an old copy of the soundtrack that was used on a four record set that issued in 1978 . If you want the complete soundtrack I recomend you buy the VHS tape . -LRB- The older the copy the better -RRB- They have also added new sound effects and lines that are NOT in the the original soundtrack ! There are also problems with their DVD 's of The Lord of the Rings and The Return of the King . -LRB- See my reviews for those DVDs under there listings -RRB- If Waner Brothers really cares they will re-issue These 3 DVDs after correcting their problems . ~ Rob ~
 For the first time in my life , I wish I had a VHS copy even with the DVD released . I first noticed a problem when the first spider dies in the movie , and there is no vortex sound effect . Then the entire scene in Lake Town is ... muted . The arrows are silenced , the dragon roars as a mouse , and the fire , it crackles as a loud annoyance . I wish I had read the reviews online prior to purchasing , now I am stuck with a poor quality DVD . I will be buying the VHS shortly .
 This vendor 's edition is washed out , grainy , and missing snippets . It looks like a bad copy from a TV broadcast . If you want to enjoy this wonderful video , buy the version from Warner Bros. . Classic Tales . It is the same production reproduced properly . I 'm going to see whether I can return this version for the good one .
 First off , let me say that I 'm a big fan of this movie ... I grew up with it , and have always loved it . Unfortunately , if you want to experience this movie for yourself you will be better off buying the VHS version . The sound dubbing in the DVD version is inexcusable . There are portions where all of the background sound is missing entirely . The most notable points are during the spider attack in Mirkwood , and inside of Smaug 's cave , although after watching this several times I realized that the sound problem was endemic . It made me think that the DVD was cut with a first draft of the sound recording instead of the final draft.Do not buy this DVD ! You will be disappointed , especially if you grew up watching this on TV as a kid -LRB- as I did -RRB- . Buy the VHS tape instead.WB -LRB- or whoever produced this DVD -RRB- should be ashamed . I personally think they should be flogged as well .
 The DVD omits _ all _ ambient noise in the movie , including Smaug 's fire , his whooshing noise over the village , the arrows plinking , wolves howling , etc. . It is very disturbing to those who are familiar with the video version , and if I could I would ask for my money back .
 While the picture quality excells , several audio tracks are inexplicably missing . I even dug out my VHS copy and compared the two , and sure enough , there are several places in which there are missing sound effects ! I ca n't explain it , but someone must have accidentally tossed an audio track in the bin as they remastered the sound . This DVD does n't give me reason enough to get rid of my old VHS copy . Your best bet would be to comb online auctions or browse pawn shops for an original video release .
 This was always one of my favorite films as a child , and stands the test of time even today . If you love Tolkien , Lord of the Rings , or just fantasy films in general , you will adore this picture . If you 're a fan of animation , you will love what you find here -- every unique scene looks like a fantasy watercolor masterpiece come-to-life . The voice acting is superb -- some of the best actors of the day lended their voice talents to this sparkling gem of a movie.However , that being said , let me tell you how disappointed with the DVD I was . Having watched the original on TV many times , and later watching the VHS version over and over , I was treated with a sad surprise upon watching the DVD for the first time
 I ordered this for my fiance ' for Christmas . He was really excited as he has been wanting this movie for a while . He opened the product and watched it and it seems to be &#34; counterfeited . &#34; There are spots where it skips and also spots where it is soooo dark that you ca n't even see what you are watching . Not good at all . Be sure you are getting a legit copy before you order !
 I have seen this moive over 1000 times and thats no exageration ! being born in 1972 I remember this film in the theatres and has been a favorite ever since and is a FAMILY FAVORITE with my kids today.This &#34; THE HOBBIT : THE ORIGINAL UNEDITED 1977 ANIMATED CLASSIC &#34; as advertised it a complete lie , the film is edited and missing scences , not whole scences mind but enough to make it seem it was chopped to be compadible for T.V. and its commercials to fit in a time slot , not only that the colar is quite faded and not sure if it is due to a poor quality DVD that the moive was downloaded/recorded on but there is a glich , a repeator skip of 1.5 second as Bilbo spaeks to Gandalf and others ... I will never order on Amazon again , HOW CAN THEY CALL IT THE ORIGINAL UNEDITED CLASSIC WHEN IT IS NOT!SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR THE REAL VERSION !!!
 I got this because it was cheap , and I adore Rankin Bass ' adaptation of the The Hobbit.However , the quality of this DVD is awful . The picture is both grainy and dark , so you ca n't see much of anything . The sound is muffled , so you also ca n't hear much . Worse , random seconds are just plain missing from movie . It just abruptly skips ahead five seconds or so every once in a while.I 've watched bootlegged VHS tapes from the 90 's that had significantly better quality than this . In fact , I 'm kind of starting to wonder if this DVD is n't a bootleg , considering the companies listed on the DVD box have no web presence and the movie is so borked .
 Very very poor quality . Skipped in several places and was so dark in most places that you could not even see what was happening . It was obviously made from a very old VHS version that was nearly worn out . Very bad . Look for another version .
 I bought this tape and it did not even get through one viewing without it being eaten as it was obviously very worn .
 I bought this wanting to replace my damaged vhs , only to discover that I was taking my vhs for granted . The opening sequence had tacky transition animations added in , and the picture quality was terrible . In the scene with gollum , the figures were barely visible . Any dark scenes were especially low quality.This movie is normally worth owning for the music alone , IF you can find a decent copy .
 unfortunately , I am.I would have really liked this movie a lot more if I had n't read the book first . Bilbo was nothing like I had pictured him . In fact Gandalf was the only one who was ! Gollum looked like a giant , starved frog . Smaug 's head looked like a giant cat 's . They cut out Beorn completely . I really liked him.I did like the part where at the beginning of the war , the people who were fighting each other 5 minutes earlier were saying that they loved each other `` Like brothers ! `` But besides that , it tried to hard to stick to the book , losing the essence.It is great for little kids who want to see the `` big person '' Lord of the Rings , but it is too sacary for them .
 This movie is actualy ok compared to the animated Lord Of The Rings but it would have helped if they would have followed the story a little more
 I am a big fan of the Lord of the Rings , and this cartoon is a real let down . Ralph Bakshi 's `` Lord of the Rings '' is phenomenal , if you are seeking a worthy portrayal of the books .
 Long before Peter Jackson , The Hobbit was the first of Tolkien 's works to be adapted to the screen . This animated version premiered on television in 1978 and it is passable , but nothing spectacular . This movie tells the story of how Bilbo Baggins acquires the ring that becomes the central focus of The Lord of the Rings trilogy.The movie follows the book fairly well , but it is basically play by numbers . At only 77 minutes , it moves through the story quickly and fails to develop it . It lacks the feel or spirit of the book and the characters receive little development . Gollum , who is one of Tolkien 's more interesting creations , is portrayed as a loathsome toad . Smaug hardly seems the awesome and terrifying creature that Bilbo outwits in the book . Gandalf and Bilbo are the only characters who receive an acceptable treatment.The animation is passable and the music is at best listenable and at worst annoying . As an introduction to Tolkien 's works for kids this movie succeeds . However , for a more adult and/or Tolkien-savy audience this is lacking as a good representation of the depth of story telling that he was capable of . Unfortunately Peter Jackson has said that he has no plans to adapt this book so for now this is the only adaptation of The Hobbit available .
 If you had not already read the book , you would not be able to follow the story line . After Gandalf comes , the next morning the dwarves just ` appear ' no knocks , rings , or any of that sort of thing . The elves look like little wizened green men and women , and quite ugly . There are no details , and some of the most important ones are not there . This is a waste of time and money , the books are a thousand times better .
 As a Tolkien fan , I found the movie very lacking.It did n't follow the story very well and left out several key parts.Other than that , it is a good movie to show 1st graders that have not read the book .
 This ridiculously unfaithful adaption of Tolkein 's delightful masterpiece is not even enjoyable when kept separate from the book . The wonderful features of Tolkein 's Middle-Earth are done no justice in this loathesome and pathetic excuse for an anime -LRB- Japanese style -RRB- TV movie . For instance , the worst change , in my opinion , is the change of the Wood-Elves . According to Tolkein , the Wood-Elves are graceful , peaceful , and quite beautiful , although they are somewhat prejudiced against the Dwarves . This sad film shows the Wood-Elves as ugly and war-hungry goblin-like creatures who walk with their bottoms sticking out . For your own sake , stay away from this demented film at all costs , or you will find that the film is so horrible that you will not live to regret your decision .
 Loved this as a cartoon as a kid.Its still the same great story.But something was lost in the video quality when getting it on DVD . Its far too dark . Any scenes where its not bright sunshiny , are in effect black such that you can only see shadows on the screen -LRB- Riddles with Gollum , Giant Spiders , meeting Smaug in the Lower Hall -RRB- . Its really unfortunate.Would not recommend .
 I bought this because I remembered seeing this as a little kid and wanted to share the wonder I recalled with other kids . Too bad that the animation and picture quality are so poor . It 's very dark . There are times when you ca n't really make out what is going on on the screen . High definition just exaggerates the poor quality . I wanted to love it , but that really got in the way of the overall enjoyment . The kids did n't really care too much though . The story is still good .
 First the picture quality id terrible & it 's missing a good portion of the sound effects . DO NOT BUY THIS DVD . You would do better finding the old vhs tape from the 1980s
 I do not agree that this DVD is the original `` unedited '' animated classic of The Hobbit . I have the original on VHS and it has better quality then this DVD . The sound skipped and some of the sound side effects were missing . Also things were added or changed . It 's annoying and not worth buying . DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My low rating is because of the picture and sound quality on this DVD version . It is really bad . I still have my old VHS tape from the 80 's when I recorded this film from the t.v. I bought this DVD because I thought it would be better quality -- wrong ! My cheapy VHS to DVD converter that I bought for $ 125 could have made a better copy . The picture is blurry , the colors are completely washed out . Any scene that takes place in a dark setting -LRB- and there are lots of them since half the story is in a dark forest , cave or mountain -RRB- is almost impossible to see . Gollum swimming across the water in his little boat ? All that you can see are his eyes . The soundtrack is junk -LRB- although I was n't expecting the sound quality to be great -RRB- Overall , a disappointment.As for the story adaptation ... . it was meant to convey the story to children in about 75 minutes . It succeeds on that level . As a little kid , I was completely taken with this cartoon and thought it was the most epic and grand thing I had ever seen . I think it does a decent job of condensing the material to manageable bites . I 'm not sure what a kid in 2012 would think of it . Maybe with a restored and remastered version they might enjoy it . But this poor attempt at a DVD will not entertain anyone .
 Like other reviewers , I was very disappointed by the lack of sound quality.The Story is basically the same and therefore still wonderful and enobling , but try to find an original version , rather than this DVD remastered.This one is n't worth owning .
 this is painful to look at-avoid it like the plague-it has not much to do with the Book of the same title , except in some plot details
 I know there are legal issues with making a live-action version of The Hobbit , but in the name of all that is good about Tolkien , let it be done so I can stop showing this version to my students after we read the novel ! The songs are grating , the animation is poor -LRB- especially the Battle of Five Armies -RRB- , and leaving out Beorn is just plain unforgivable ! I 've actually had students say they would 've preferred doing some other English work than being subjected to this movie .
 The Hobbit , in my opinion , is the scariest children 's movie of all time . All of the dwarves are incredibly frightening and look very similar to the stereotypical alien depiction ... big eyes and over sized facial features . The music also adds to the terror , once you hear the tantric chanting . The goblins are also horrific beasts . I 'm 18 years old and this is the scariest thing I have ever been a witness too . I strongly recommend not showing this to any young children .
 While it is difficult to transpose succesfully most books to film , this version fails completely on at least three counts . First , this rendition fails to capture the richness of Tolkien 's images a with the use of 2-D animation and pale , washed out colors.Second , the interjection of songs that are sophomoric belies the scope of the potnetial audience and misses the essence of the characters.Third , stick to the story , why do movies change the plot whether it be Dune or Harry Potter?Separelty , The Lord of the Rings is often erroneously called a trilogy , when it is in fact a single novel , consisting of six books plus appendices , someime published in three volumes . The Hobit was written in 1937 . Giving into a desire for more information about hobbits The Lord of the Rings was written in inervals between 1936 to 1949 . Read the book , it much better .
 I 'll save you the money . But if you like completely horrible interpretations , give a listen to the tune , `` Frodo of the Nine Fingers '' and hear some hack vibrate through one of the worst ideas for a song in at least a century .
 I went to my grandmas house and she had rented this for us to watch i thought it would be cool that gollum was in it -LRB- since i LOVED gollum in LOTR -RRB- but i found this movie very disapointing .1 . the animation is HORRIBLE2 . i was very disapointed with gollum he looked like a frog and a horse mixed together and his voice i could n't even understand3 . sometimes it was hard to understand the charactersi found myself wanting to shut this movie off i would have if i were all on my own . Save your money for LOTR it is worth seeing not this . I found it hard to follow who was who . So rent/buy lord of the rings it will be way better then this .
 Never before has such an evil , creepy film crossed my path . Years of psychological treatment have not undone the scarring caused by this movie . I first encountered this movie with its terrifying musical numbers and frightening characters at the tender age of 11 and I still suffer the repercussions of it . I do NOT recommend this film to anyone under the age of 17 .
 I saw this movie for the first time when I was about 5 years old . I am 21 now , and seeing this movie even today makes me feel great anxiety . I think this film may be a little too frightening for young children -- after all , some scary creature is trying to kill our heroes at every turn . I would hate for any young child to believe any world , even a mythical one , could ever be as scary as Bilbo 's ! While I believe this is a good video for older children , instead I recommend they read the book when they are a little older .
 This is a terrible copy of a good movie . The film is dark in scenes making some of it unwatchable . Some scenes are cut together in imovie or something . Also -LRB- as mentioned in another review -RRB- some sound effects are missing . The Rankin Bass cartoon is great but this is a pirated disc or copy of a torrented file . THIS IS A BAD BUY .
 Grew up with this movie , but unfortunately this particular DVD was poorly mastered . As others have mentioned , many scenes are so dark you can see nothing , the sound is poor such that you can barely understand most characters and , at least playing through my XBox , there seemed to be a compression issue because the video became pixelated very frequently.Nevertheless , it is worth getting for $ 10 just to have it in your collection since the art , narration and music are all super . If you have a VHS player , that might be a better way to go .
 This is the worst picture quality on a dvd I have ever seen ! Any night or dark scene , like the scene in Golem 's cave , is too dark to make out anything . I wish I could have waited for the inevitable release to go along side the new movie 's blu ray/dvd release . Terrible ...
 Do not buy this version - get the Warner Brothers version instead.This version , from Movies on Parade , is not worth buying . The production value is extremely low . The recording is of a very poor quality and portions are inaudible -LRB- particularly the critical riddle game with Gollum -RRB- . At times the video ` skips ' and it looks like it was taped on a machine that needed the heads cleaned.What a shame , as this is a otherwise a reasonable atttempt to take Tolkien 's story and put it on the screen , remembering that it was done with 1970 's technology and for children .
 This is a decent adaptation of my favorite book ever , however the sound got horribly edited for some reason . The best example is when the dragon Smaug is flying around , screaming , breathing fire , wreaking havoc ... and all you hear is utter silence . Many times the mere background music overpowers the dialogue and some lines were cut making some scenes not make any sense -LRB- the escape in the barrels for example -RRB- . The special features are n't worth mentioning , the characters on the front cover do n't resemble how the appear in the film , the summary pretty much says The Hobbit is the first part in The Lord of the Rings trilogy -LRB- which is blatantly incorrect -RRB- , and the case is so cheap it might as well have been an envelope . I 'm returning my copy and I 'd suggest that if you want to see this movie then dig in the closet and pull the old Beta version out cause you 'll have a better experience .
 Whether you like the original movie or not , the DVD version 's soundtrack is missing a very large number of key elements - the majority of the sound effects , ambient sound backgrounds , some of the music , and even the occaisional bit of dialogue . The result is like watching an unfinished movie with a `` temp '' audio track . A truly horrendous offense for an animated movie , which depends so much on sound . Do NOT buy the DVD - you 're not really getting the movie as advertised .
 This pertains to the peter pan industries , movies on parade version with the large illustration of Bilbo Baggins holding his pipe , DVD . The picture quality is so dark some scenes are blackened out or are so blurry one can not make out the otherwise wonderful details of the film or what is happenig altogether . Including some scenes where the sun is shining . The film transfer also skips like an old dirty cd bouncing the viwer out of the experience and some scenes erroneously and annoyingly repeats itself in their beginnings again bouncing the viewer to and fro . The sound in general is sleightly muffled and some of the wonderful japanese style sound effects are ommited completley to the point where , aside from the musical score a blaz ` in , some scenes are otherwise silent . Like the sound of Bilbo sheathing his sword where a satisfying clink ! soud occures . Or when Bilbo cuts himself free from a web cacoon and slays some nasty creatures and further when the descedents of the men of dale loose their feathered shafts against the hide of the worm Smaug the sound effects are thus gone . In short I would n't give this to an enemy . The best version as of now in the shadow of the release of Peter Jackson 's live action first installmet is still only on VHS .
 Ok I have read the book several times , and enjoy it . Tolkien is great . This movie is not . The plot jumps from adventure to adventure giving no time at all for anything to be enjoyed . What is with the American voices ! Gandalf is n't from Alabama ! The soundtrack is alright . But I ca n't believe that they put in that song where the goblins are chasing them with that awful 70 's rock drum beat . This movie is only worth it for little kids .
 Awful . Shabby animation , horrid music -LRB- the other reviewers impugn hippies by alleging the music is somehow `` hippie-ish '' -RRB- . The story is cut to pieces and the `` acting '' is elementary school quality . It 's obviously edited to be shown as a TV series -LRB- read
 The Hobbit is an OK adaptation of the book , but by today 's standards -LRB- and even by 1970 's standards -RRB- , the animation is completely lame . I thought it was kind of weird how the film went completely out of its way not to show any kind of violence . For instance , when the spiders of Mirkwood forest get stabbed the screen spins . Or when the Battle of Five Armies is being shown , the image is shown from 10,000 feet up so all you see are a bunch of black dots . I realize that this was probably meant for kids -LRB- it was done by Rankin and Bass who brought us all those cheesy Christmas shows in the 60s and 70s -RRB- , but ... come on.Also , did the music drive anyone else insane ? I realize the Tolkien books themselves have songs in them , but at least you can blow over them if you do n't like 'em . In the movie , the songs are being played over the action -LRB- such as when Wargs and the Orcs are attacking the travelers before they get into Mirkwood -RRB- . Die-hard Tolkien fans will be upset that a few things were left out as well . The shape-shifter , which I think was called Beorn -LRB- its been a while since I read the book -RRB- , was completely left out . The scene at the end where Bilbo gives the jewel to Bard so that he can use it to bargin with the king dwarf -LRB- whose name is also is escaping me -RRB- is also missing .
 The Hobbit was a nice little television special made by Rankin and Bass that helped push Tolkien 's book to new found popularity in the 70 's . The show was made for children so the violence was toned down and a few songs were tossed in to keep things cute -LRB- you can thank Disney for that mentality -RRB- . All in all it 's a good effort considering what they were trying to accomplish.Now for this DVD . It sucks . For some reason about half of the atmosphereic sounds and audio effects are gone . It 's like some scenes have just about all of the audio taken out completely . No more are the `` death '' noises Rankin and Bass used in place of ... well ... death scenes . No more do you hear Smaug 's fiery breath . Basically lots of audio cues that really flesh out the visuals are gone . It 's incredibly annoying.I remember watching this special when I was a kid and I remember a LOT more sounds and background noises . I have no idea why they are n't on this DVD . If it was n't for the extremely poor audio transfer I would easily recommend this DVD . As it is I can only recommend this DVD to people already familiar with this special . For the rest of you it 's a hard call . I want to say check it out , but be warned about the audio issues .
 Based on another review , I have to agree that the sound to this DVD is terrible ! MANY sounds are missing ! And I thought I just had a bad transfer . Why did Warner Brothers do that ? I do love this movie , but the little details of sound that are missing does destroy the integrity of the movie as I remember it as a kid . You may want to just keep you VHS copies ...
 First , let me specify that this review is for the DVD release from Movies on Parade , and not based on the original content , which we fondly remember.As others have indicated , this is a pretty lousy transfer to DVD . The print is so dark in some nighttime or cave scenes that the action can barely be discerned on screen . There were a few spots where the DVD hiccupped or skipped , and the overall quality of the transfer is relatively poor . Also , there are a lot of sounds that are simply missing from the transfer . Maybe it 's the best they could locate?It is poor enough that about five minutes into watching it , my friend and I both said `` This looks like a bootleg ... but Amazon sold it , so it ca n't be a bootleg , right ? `` That being said , it IS watchable , and if you are n't tooo particular about the film you 'll enjoy reliving those old memories ; we did . I do n't regret the purchase for a mere $ 10 , but I truly wonder if a better , more complete version could n't be produced by SOMEONE if a better master print could be obtained . I 'd pay for it.As a side note , I re-read the original novel just after seeing the recently released Peter Jackson film , and then picked this up . It 's a bit odd that , while only three of Thorin 's company die in the novel , about half of the dwarves are killed in THIS animated childrens ' version . Seemed like a bit of overkill ...
 What a bummer . First off , it was late getting here even though it was sent 2-day Prime . So it barely made it for Christmas . The worst part is the poor quality of the DVD . It skipped in SEVERAL places . Brand new out of the case , first time in the player , and it skipped . The quality of the movie is awful too . You 'd think if it was that bad to begin with , it would n't have been transferred to a DVD to begin with ... : /
 I loved this movie as a child . I watched it easily over 100 times on the VHS copy . The problem I have is the quality of the DVD itself . The DVD goes unnaturally dark during the night scenes causing all the detail to be removed from the movie . Since there are a lot of scenes where the movie takes place at night/in the dark about a good 50 % is almost ruined.Otherwise I love the story and the songs .
 This is a terrible transfer . Definitely not a legit DVD , some kind of bootleg . Dark scenes are almost unwatchable , and there is some skipping and stuttering .
 The DVD quality was poor . A lot of the scenes were too dark to see and the scenes would skip brief moments of the movie or replay moments of the movie . Overall it was a very poorly produced DVD .
 I bought this movie to replace my VHS copy of it which I had watched to the point of no return . This copy is n't really worth it . If I had known that Warner Bros. had actually produced a DVD version -LRB- which they do , it 's about $ 20 -RRB- , I would have boughten that instead . Honestly , the sound effects on this thing are lost which is really annoying when you 're expecting them to happen . I would n't buy this copy of it . What I 'm waiting for is when Warner Bros. releases a collection of all the cartoon Lord of the Rings series as a whole . That would be much more enjoyable as long as they are correct and the way they should be .
 I can see I 'm not the only one . What the heck happened here ? The visual quality of one my favorite childhood movies is pathetic . The picture is so dark that most of the movie is unwatchable . I found myself not even looking at the screen , but merely listening to the dialog and shaking my head in sorrow at the ruined treasure.More , when the action gets busy , like when fire is swirling around , the picture is pixelated.Third , I counted at least four times where the content skipped or repeated . There are no scratches on the disk , and these instances did not occur during the `` commercial break '' parts . Gandalf 's line about Mirkwood was cut off midway through his sentence , the content mysterious gone , and Bard 's welcoming the dwarves to Laketown repeated twice . It 's like an incompetent rip-job off YouTube.This is the lousiest conversion to DVD I have ever encountered , and it makes me so upset that anyone would put out something of this quality and expect money for it .
 This is a wonderful animated movie in its original form . This particular product -LRB- the `` Movies on Parade '' VHS version from -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- is terrible with poor audio and video through-out - very dark and garbled in sections . I missed the other reviews about this specific product and would not have wasted the money on it.I wish that AMAZON would sub-group reviews by actual product -LRB- not the movie , but the actual tape or DVD by a particular company -RRB- or allow a dual rating system - one for the movie and one for the media product .
 Buyer beware ! I bought this under the assumption that it would be the original VHS version with the original soundtrack . The cassette I purchased was not . The case looks professional , but the label on the cassette was a home-printed Avery label . This did n't inspire confidence . Upon actually watching the movie , I first noticed that there was no intro . After about 1.5 seconds of black , the movie just started ... Highly unusual for a professionally done VHS . Throughout the film I also noticed a lack of sound effects that would be expected from the DVD , as well as many instances of skips and jitters . At the end , the credits rolled and then a screen came up that said &#34; JWIN DVD VIDEO &#34; with a little &#34; play &#34; arrow in the upper corner , etc. . The copy that I received was just the DVD copied over to VHS . Keep a sharp eye out !
 I ca n't speak for the other version that Amazon is going to group this review in with but do n't buy the one with the Orange banner on the top that reads Movies on Parade . The video transfer to DVD is terrible . The pictures varies widely from too dark to see anything to washed out bright . The sound is just as bad . It looks like someone put a videophone on a tripod . Watched a decent recorded a decent version of the movie and then made a DVD of the recording from their phone . It is pretty much unwatchable .
 That 's more or less what this is . The picture was so bad my eyes were straining to see it , especially during the dark parts , which take up a huge chunk of the movie . No matter what picture adjustments I tried , nothing helped . Also there were places that were overlayed and there were even small pieces of scenes that were missing . The characters would be in the middle of speaking and suddenly it would jump forward a few seconds , and I know for a feact it was n't the disc just skipping . Sad to say , I 'm planning on returning this item .
 This is not the version I remember as a kid , because some of the awesome sound effects are missing -LRB- wailing spiders , anyone ? -RRB- . However , that was n't my problem as I was expecting this . What I was n't expecting was the terrible quality of the dvd itself . It was fuzzy , WAY too dark , and the sound skipped around at least a half a dozen times . I reccomend buying the version with Bilbo and Gandalf over a blue background on the cover -LRB- I bought that one last year for my Godson -RRB- . It still does n't have the awesome sound effects that the VHS had , but at least its good quality !!
 I 'm a huge fan of this old Rankin Bass production . It takes a lot of shortcuts from the book and has a very different tone in places , but the designs are good and I even have a lot of fondness for the music , goofy as it can be.However , this DVD transfer is really poor . As others have said , it looks like it was just straight-up copied over from a rough VHS . There are skips and repeats , artifacts everywhere so that it looks like the lowest-res YouTube imaginable , and overall is too dark . It feels like you 're watching a bootleg . I 'm not entirely convinced it 's a legitimate production , honestly , it 's so sketchy .
 This is an awful transfer from the original source material to DVD . Most of the film is muddy or dark , the scenes with Bilbo and Gollum being the worst . The soundtrack has several errors including gaps of silence , skips and lines being repeated . The movie itself it great , but take my advice and spend the extra few dollars to get the official Warner Bros. release . This version is n't suitable for The Dollar Store .
 I was so excited to get this dvd and share it with my son , as it was one of my favorites growing up . I was terribly disappointed in it when it came . The color quality is awful , the darker scenes , like Gollum 's cave , are so faded out you can barely see it . The soundtrack is missing in places , the special effects -LRB- Smaug 's fire , Sting 's vortex sound , etc -RRB- are completely missing . They repeat themselves in places . Utterly let down .
 I looked this movie up and ordered this copy because it was cheaper . I waited with anticipation to see this film that I had enjoyed as a child . Fortunately , it arrived in two days , and I was thrilled . I immediately open the packaging and put it into the DVD player . And immediately I was let down.This copy is horrible . The transfer is terrrible . Some lines are cut short . While some lines are repeated . It is so dark that you ca n't see half of the movie no matter how much you adjust the brightness . I was very disappointed.Do yourself a favor and find a better copy .
 Like many here I wanted to purchase this video to have a DVD copy of the movie . I enjoyed watching this as a child and wanted my children to experience it as well . I will say they enjoyed it thoroughly.My low rating of this product is not related to the movie itself or the interpretation of The Hobbit . The low score is in reference to the quality of this product . Other reviewers on here have mentioned how poor the audio and video are . I agree with all of them . In many portions of the movie I can barely see anything on the screen . For example , in the scene of Gollum 's cave the eyes of Bilbo and Gollum are visible while the rest of the screen is so dim I ca n't see anything . Another problem that appears every once in a while is an artifact will appear on screen completely blurring out a portion of the screen or the entire scene itself . These problems with the video are not normal . I have the VHS copy and watched it after viewing the DVD . None of the video errors I mentioned were present.I also agree about the audio . The soundtrack is n't exactly the same -LRB- though I did n't find this to be a major problem -RRB- . However , in some scenes the audio sounds muffled and not clear . Even using my AV receiver to clean some of the noise the audio had issues . Only so much can be done when the source is n't perfect .
 This DVD version was horrible ! I vividly remember this being a brighter video . This DVD was so dark in the scene `` riddles in the dark '' you could only see Gollums mouth . Sting did n't even glow the video is so poor . Do n't buy the Movies on Parade version . The audio skipped too . So sad Amazon sold this . No stars if it was possible .
 This movie is good , but this is a review of the copy . This copy of the Hobbit is SO POOR.It looks like a rip from a dying VHS copy . It looks SO BAD . You ca n't even see what 's going on during the dark scenes , and I KNOW it was n't that crappy originally . I 've seen the movie before , and it is not meant to look this bad . It looks like a bootleg or something , THAT BAD.I really regret not reading the reviews before ordering this ...
 My review is more about the actual product , &#34; Movies on Parade , the Hobbit &#34; This product looks like a bad VHS copy of a copy of a copy of a copy transferred to DVD ... the colors are extremely muted , and barely anything can be seen in the darker scenes , such as Bilbo and Gollum and Mirkwood.If you can find another version I urge you to do so .
 Let me preface this by saying that I am a HUGE fan of The Hobbit by Rankin/Bass . I own it on VHS and have watched it over 100 times . It ranks among my favorites of all time . That 's the VHS version . Now let 's talk about the DVD version . It -LSB- is not good -RSB- ! Buy The Hobbit on VHS but avoid the DVD version . How can this be you ask ? Let me answer that by quoting the letter I wrote to Warner Bros about the DVD : `` Dear Sir or Madam : `` I have been a huge fan of the Rankin/Bass production of `` The Hobbit '' since it was first shown on television in 1977 . As soon as it was available on VHS , I bought it . I have watched it well over 100 times . I know every word of dialog and every bit of the music . It ranks among the very best animated films ever . `` So imagine my delight when I learned that it was available on DVD - finally ! ... I bought the DVD anyway -LRB- after a long wait and a lot of pondering -RRB- in hopes that perhaps the problems had been addressed in a newer version . Much to my dismay , the problems are even worse than the reviewer lead me to believe . It sounds to me like the original sound-effects track is completely missing . To compound such an egregious omission , new sound effects have been plopped in that do not remotely mesh with the original soundtrack . `` This is outlandish ! This is not just incomprehensible but reprehensible ! I can not possibly express to you the degree of disappointment , nay anger , I feel over this . You can not possibly have a valid reason for such foolishness . At the absolute least , you should have simply released an unchanged version of this excellent film on DVD with some attempt at enhancing the image and sound quality . `` I was eagerly awaiting the DVD release of `` The Hobbit . '' I am incensed , ... To sum up
 Warner Brothers again proves to us that when they do n't care , THEY DO N'T CARE . It is n't just a lack of extras , its a lack of ... um ... PART OF THE MOVIE . That 's right ! part of the audio track is gone . Those elvish blades that previously had their own sound effects are gone and many creatures that use to scream when they got killed -LRB- can you blame them ? -RRB- now die without a whimper . This is a film I 'd normally give a 4 or even a five star , but WB has pumped this thing out without even bothering to check the sound mix , or perhaps they have edited it in some manner incomprehensible to me . For whatever the reason , you 'd almost be better buying the VHS as you 'll have the complete soundtrack and it probably looks nearly as good . And let 's not even discuss the terrible cover they 've stuck on the film . All in all , WB should be ashamed by their overflowing apathy -- especially since we 'll probably never see another edition of this film without importing it -LRB- should it be released in another country . -RRB-
 I bought this title in hopes that the Synergy version of this movie would have fixed the missing sound effects track which was missing on the WB version . Well it was n't there . So do yourself a favor and do n't buy this version of the DVD if you want to get the missing sound effects track.Will somebody ever fix this !!!???
 The product information was for The Hobbit VHS , when I received the item it was on DVD . It was for a birthday present and it 's not even the correct item .
 The book was for ages thirteen and up.The movie is for grade ones.Its also short and alot of the time boring .
 This DVD is terrible quality . DO NOT BUY IT . The volume on the tracks are very low and it occasionally skips as though this was copied from a poor quality VHS . Buy the re-released Warner Brothers edition from itunes its only 10 bucks .
 The dvd I got is too dark and ca n't be seen any of my televisions , all new flatscreens . Even with the brightness turned all the way up and at night I ca n't see it . Obviously a waste of money since there is nothing I can do with it now .
 My experience has been in line with several others here . Sounds are missing from the original version , some sounds repeat . There are several points where the DVD appears to skip and replay a short sequence that it just played . The colors are extremely poor - the cave scenes are supposed to be darker but here we struggled to actually see anything that was happening . I like the film , but the quality of this transfer is just unacceptable - do not buy .
 The disc was in good condition , but the movie has obvious jumps and skips in it . It shipped quickly which I appreciated . But to have the quality interrupted was irritating .
 This DVD of Rankin-Bass 's `` The Hobbit '' has picture quality too dark to view , portions missing , parts repeated , cheesy transitions added , overly saturated colors , pixelation , jerky camera panning that I do n't see on my VHS copy , and many sound effects missing . The company who did this , Movies on Parade , should be ashamed . I love this film and do n't know why they tampered with it so much they made it unwatchable . This butchered version should not be sold or given away ! This wonderful feature was ruined by an idiot -LRB- or team of idiots -RRB- that did n't know how to color correct or export , which is bad enough , but the spinning screen and page peel transitions were like an ungifted child doodling on a Picasso . The Warner Bros. distributed version looks a million times better but sound effects with the spiders , Smaug , and Battle of The Five Armies are missing ; leaving long annoying gaps of silence . Maybe Warner Bros. will re-issue `` The Exorcist '' for kids without those scary sound effects .
 The quality of this DVD is terrible . Anything dark gets completely lost . This makes entire scenes , like the goblin lair and Gollum 's cave unwatchable . And it looks like someone was experimenting with do-it-yourself DVD &#34; special effects &#34; in the beginning by having the picture randomly rotate 360 degrees and then have a cheesy page turn effect . The sound is not great either , unsurprisingly.Some will argue that this is the only one available now that the better version of the Hobbit DVD is out of print and ridiculously expensive on Amazon and Ebay . And some are willing to excuse this DVD 's terrible quality because it was made when the format was brand new in the late 90 's . But any and I mean ANY version is better than this . Watch clips on youtube , rent the VHS from your library . This DVD will destroy your fond memories of this amazing cartoon.I completely regret this purchase
 I gave this item 2 stars because I do enjoy this movie . Unfortunately the quality of this video left a great deal to be desired . The picture quality was faded like it was made from an old original . It was also difficult to see in the darker scenes . There were points where the movie skipped a little or actually repeated a segment -LRB- 1-2 seconds -RRB- . I also noticed that there were times when the original sound effects were missing . Just a poor quality video .
 I hope this review gets posted in time to warn fans of the original release to AVOID this copy . My college-age sons and I have been Hobbit fans since their toddler days when watched our original VHS tape until they had it memorized -LRB- dialog , songs and sound effects -RRB- and our tape disintegrated.Seeing Peter Jackson 's version made us remember the simple joys of watching the Rankin & Bass production together in our younger days.I purchased this VHS thinking that it was going to be like our tape of old , you know , with a watchable picture , clear sound , wonderful sound effects.This version is a mess . The picture was dark and murky . Several skips interrupted what could be seen . Worst of all , the wonderful sound effects that enriched the key scenes in the story are missing from this VHS tape.Pleas , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on this miserable copy !
 Avoid this edition . Audio does n't match video all the time and fade outs for 10 second about every 20 minutes . Entire film is to dark to see most of the time . Old VHS version of this movie has much high quality video .
 The quality of the DVD was so bad that there were times you could not see anything . It was faded and washed out it looked like it was the 100th copy of a copy . Do not buy
 The quality of this DVD is TERRIBLE ! It skips and not the disk but the actual movie skips . The color is bad , the contrast is awful and the original sound effects are missing . Now if you really do n't care about that -LRB- really ? -RRB- buy it , it 's only 9.95 , no huge loss , but good lord it 's terrible quality .
 I love this film and have watched it ever since I was a child . However , this version of the film has many dark scenes and is certainly not worth ten dollars . The version published by Warner brothers and Warner brothers alone is much clearer and easier to view . It is quite a bit more expensive at over thirty dollars but it 's a better buy for a very clear , beautiful version that could beat out this diluted , murky version any day .
 The animated Hobbit has for years been one of my all time favorites . Unfortunately , the quality of this DVD is similar to what you would get if you copied a worn VHS tape onto a disk . The movie is so dark in many places you can only see dim shapes moving about . The theme song even has a skip in it and there are a number of other skips in the soundtrack . There are also several places where a second or so of the movie is duplicated and repeated . I have no idea how they messed that up ! If i had purchased it locally , i would return it , but i guess i will keep it until they decide to fix this dvd and reissue it , hopefully on a blu-ray . My recommendation is Do Not Purchase this version unless you really can not live without a copy , any copy .
 I wish I could give zero stars for this , as this was the most horrible thing to ever grace my DVD player . I bought this in hopes that it would replace my faded and crackled VHS copy of this , only to be stricken with a VERY and OBVIOUS cheap ripped off copy of this nostalgic favorite of mine . The colors were horrendous and dark , giving no structure to the animations that are supposed to be there . The sound quality was bland and muted , made especially putrid by the looped audio in certain parts of the recording . I ca n't convey how disappointed I was to find that this DVD was absolute rubbish , as I have been looking for a copy for YEARS , and when I finally find one , I am elated . This feeling was quickly diffused by the poor sound quality , the next to nonexistent visual spectacle , and the bullocks cover jacket , and that shoddy work with the synopsis of the film . I WILL NOT BE BUYING FROM THIS COMPANY and ADVISE STRONGLY THAT YOU DO NOT.P.S . - Yes , I do understand that the original film is over 40 years . However , if you are going to do a recording and go through all the trouble , I would at least make sure that the product is decent and not the hog 's waller I now havel
 Poor qualitity , leaves a lot to be desired , purchased for my son who was really young even he could not watch it
 Frame 313 The JFK Assassination Theories -LRB- Sundown Entertainment -RRB- This is total rip-off . The technical quality standard of this DVD is horrible.First of all
 This documentary wishes to give the appearance of presenting an evenhanded look at several conspiracy theories explaining the Kennedy assassination , as well as the lone assassin theory propounded by the Warren commission . However , it is clear that its purpose is to promulgate the same old debunked conspiracy theories that have already been presented elsewhere . The bulk of this video -- it really does n't deserve to be called a documentary , since much of it is fiction -- is devoted to various proponents of conspiracy theories of the assassination holding forth . Very little time is devoted to the lone assassin theory . What we really have here is a low-budget remake of the film JFK done as a documentary , complete with a charlatan named Chauncey Holt getting tearful over poor victim Lee Harvey Oswald , concluding with a plea for justice to be done , complete with a heavenly choir . Throughout the documentary , the bland , seemingly authoritative narrator makes statements which are blatantly false , which the documentary claims there is evidence for . The most egregious example of this occurs about one hour into the documentary . The narrator says , `` In recent released evidence , retired CIA agents reported that a plot to kill President Kennedy was being planned . An abort team , of which Oswald was undoubtedly one , was supposed to stop the killing . '' The documentary then presents interviews with three men , the retired CIA agents the narrator mentioned . They are `` Tosh '' Plumlee , James Files , and Chauncey Holt , none of whose claims are the least bit credible . The late Holt claimed he was one of the three tramps who were arrested on November 22 in the rail yards near the grassy knoll , among other things . He was n't . The video even places a legend under Holt , `` Fmr . Mafia Assoc. / CIA Contract Agent . '' He was neither . He was a former circus performer and teller of tale tales . Pro-conspiracy authors Thom Hartmann and Lamar Waldron met Holt and listened to his story in September 1991 . Waldron later emailed Dave Perry in November 2005 , writing , `` Hartmann and I neither discovered or represented Holt . We were simply invited to question him , which we did . We did not find his claims about being one of the ` three tramps ' to be credible . '' After the release of the film JFK , the Dallas City Council voted to release all city records relating to the events on Nov. 22 . Journalist Mary La Fontaine was looking through those records when she found documents previously released in 1989 , including the arrest record of the three tramps . Those records proved that the tramps were Harold Doyle , John Forrester Gedney , and Gus W. Abrams . James Files is a convicted criminal and BS artist who claims he was the shooter on the grassy knoll . Since Amazon 's rules prohibit me from embedding hyperlinks into my review , I recommend that you Google `` JFK Murder Confession Video by Edward Bell '' for Bell 's review of a commercially produced video `` The Murder of JFK -- Confession of An Assassin , '' containing Files ' interview and confession . Plumlee 's claims have no merit . He claims that he was a CIA pilot who flew in the abort team , and was then asked if he wanted to watch the presidential motorcade . On his website , John McAdams examines Plumlee 's story , writing , `` Plumlee told a class of Jim Marrs ' students at the University of Texas at Arlington that he was standing on the Commerce street sidewalk at the time the shots were fired . This places him on the South Knoll which is pictured in the Cancellare photo and the Couch Film . Gary Mack , curator of the Sixth Floor Museum in Dallas , was in this class and asked Plumlee to point himself out in both of these photos . He was unable to because there is no one there . '' At the beginning of this video , the narrator says that it intends to present various theories of the assassination , and there is an element of truth to each of them , but it is up to the viewer to decide . That is an attempt by the creators of this video to give it a veneer of evenhandedness and objectivity that it clearly does n't deserve .
 I was in high school when this flick came out . My girlfriend wanted to see it , so I took her . I 'm sure I almost died sometime during it . It was that bad.Full disclosure
 from the beginning . Because the film is so boring , we do n't really care to know what the point was.ASH WEDNESDAY is about a middle-aged woman , who is undergoing a middle-age crisis , elememts of which include her having an extensive plastic surgery and a young lover . It is a `` we have to value what we 've got '' sort of thing.Except for the great Henry Fonda , who appears only in couple of scenes , all actors are complete ham . I did not feel any genuine emotion coming from the screen , I did n't laugh , and I was not entertained . On my list , these are the characteristics of a bad movie . I am sorry to hurt the feelings of all die-hard Elizabeth Taylor fans
 I love this movie , yet the recording is extremely poor . It looks like it was recorded off of tv and is a bad tape . Very disappointed with the quality . The shipping was quick .
 Product was broken so I never got to view it and my VCR was never the same again . Enjoyed the books but still have n't seen the movie
 Nutbag -LRB- Nick Palumbo , 2000 -RRB- Nutbag is one of those movies that was on my Amazon wish list for so long I forgot why I originally put it there . Now that I 've finally gotten around to watching it , I have some vague memory of thinking that the premise -- getting inside the mind of a serial killer and following him around -- was a good one . After all , when it 's done right -LRB- think Henry
 Nutbag has the hype and glossy packaging that will spark your interest and lift your hopes that THIS will be the ONE thats good , this will be the one that will make up for all the money squandered on similar product . Well ... guess what ? it 's not ! Poor direction , no budget , extremely poor special effects , Beyond bad acting and mostly , NO Storyline worth dicussing ! It seems to me to be nothing but a VERY poor excuse for some guys to be filmed killing totally naked women.I have nothing against naked women , but it seems the whole budget was spent on Silicone Babes . was the director 's intent to make a Horror film or a Porno film ? I think he failed in both areas.A good horror film should be creepy , suspenceful , dramatic , gory , thought-provoking , even repulsive ! Nutbag is none of these and it would ` nt be worth ten dollars , let alone what I paid for it . Now do n't get me wrong , I have n't made a film and kudos should go to the director for doing this . But IF the director WAS inspired by the posters on the killer 's wall then maybe he should have gleened some of their low-budget glory rather than making this re-hashed , mish-mashed mess . In Henry
 `` Nutbag '' was such a mess I do n't know where to begin . It 's about a nameless psychopath who picks up hookers and kills them . Nothing of interest happens . Nothing . He sits in his house and talks to his pet spider about how `` all women are the same '' and lots of other cliched psycho-movie insights . Actually , that 's the main problem . The film is pretentious as hell without actually having anything to say . There is no plot . Nutbag picks up a hooker and kills her . Repeat over and over . That 's the style of this film . It 's 80 minutes long and I was hoping for the end after 20 . It 's that boring . The music is sometimes effective , but it does n't make up for an absolutley pointless movie , one that has nothing new to offer to the genre . You 'd think such a repetitive film would have a great ending , right ? Wrong . There is no ending ! The director even resorts to filming posters on Nutbag 's bedroom walls of good horror films like `` Mother 's Day '' and `` Zombie '' to remind us all how great a director he is . Needless to say , I was very disappointed .
 One of the most beautifully filmed movies in recent years . The beauty of the images is about all there is to recommend here . The manipulative music is far too loud and sappy . Ethan Hawke is a robot . Scott Hicks commentary is one of the most boring on any DVD . Far too long , the only thing keeping your finger from the fast forward button are the images themselves .
 Director Scott Hicks drenches his film adaptation of David Guterson 's novel in torrents of lovely but perfectly meaningless lyrical imagery , perhaps believing that empty MTV-style visual splendor can serve in place of the human drama in which this movie is so spectacularly lacking . More like participants in a music video than flesh and blood human beings , the actors seem to have been persuaded that striking melancholy poses and exchanging soulful looks are the best ways of delineating character . All turn in dramatically inert performances , particularly Ethan Hawke as the conflicted journalist involved in the murder trial of a Japanese-American . Of course it would have been difficult for even the most accomplished actors to do otherwise , given the flimsy , hackneyed script , with its embarrassingly simplistic treatment of a complex historical event . As is usual with Hollywood movies dealing with racial discrimination , the focus here is not on those who actually suffered the injustice , but on the white spectators , whose sympathy for the victims we are asked to applaud . The Japanese American characters in this film -- portrayed as infuriatingly docile and helpless , like some higher species of domestic pet -- are present merely as adjuncts to the drama of guilt and redemption taking place among the white characters . Can you tell I really hated this movie ?
 This movie is stunningly beautiful , but unfortunately it lacks depth , historical accuracy , or suspense . The story has been covered in detail by other reviewers , and need n't be repeated here.The story takes place on an island on which nearly half of the population is Japanese-American -LRB- the author of the book lives on Bainbridge Island , WA -RRB- . The effort is to make the viewer -LRB- especially the local high school kids who are compelled to watch it in class -RRB- think that it represents history.It is very loosely based upon Bainbridge Island history . The internments started there , and the local newspaper publisher advocated in favor of the Japanese-American community . There were also locals who advocated on the other side , although in recent years there has been a strenuous effort to erase their names and legacy from island history.It also helps to know that modern-day Bainbridge Island is the `` Berkeley CA of the Pacific Northwest . '' Very left-wing ; at the 2004 Fourth of July parade a disabled veteran from the Iraq War got `` baby-killer '' screamed at him , etc.The bigoted anti-Japanese prosecutor is portrayed in a comic fashion . His inane rantings are so exaggerated and perverse that a child can see through them . Which is probably the intent ; since it is used as mandatory study material in the local public schools -LRB- in spite of the sexual content -RRB- . It also slanders those individuals of Scandinavian descent -LRB- many who also live in this area -RRB- ; the Japanese-American protagonist was cheated by the Scandinavian-American mother of the killed person . Supposedly , this was the first time any Japanese-American was to have the opportunity to own land -LRB- something that is not borne out by contemporary land records -RRB- , and this Norsky woman cheated him out of it.There was certainly injustice and bigotry ; but it should also be remembered that most of the WWII-era anti-Japanese bigotry had dissipated by 1950 -LRB- the time of this story -RRB- . The Korean war was in progress ; Japan was the major staging area -LRB- not to mention R&R ; spot -RRB- for US GIs in Korea ; the flood of Japanese war brides was well underway ; and more than anything else was the well-known heroism of Japanese-American GIs on the battlefields of Europe . Anti-Japanese bigotry had already become quite un-PC . The movie also fails as mystery . The case against the protagonist was based upon weak circumstantial evidence . Rather than do the necessary forensics to secure a conviction , much less formulate a reasonable motivation or plan , the prosecution made repeated expressions of racial bigotry . Left unanswered were several questions . If the protagonist hoped to acquire that land , how would murdering the legal owner accomplish that ? If he did it in a rage , why would he wait 5 years after the end of the war to do it ? And so on.Once again , a child could see through the flaws in the case.In the end , heroic White boy overcomes his past feelings of love for pretty Japanese-American girl and comes up with the evidence to prove her husband 's innocence -LRB- the death turned out to be a tragic accident -RRB- ; thus giving her up forever but alleviating liberal White guilt . And this movie positively oozes liberal White guilt and liberal White self-importance . Which brings me to another point . The Japanese characters are all portrayed as passive and helpless . Without the good deed of Heroic White Boy , Japanese girl 's husband would have gone to the gallows . All hail Heroic White Boy . The movie makes it painfully obvious that she really wishes that she had married Heroic White Boy and would have if her parents had n't forbidden it . That scene at the end of the movie where she begs him to allow her to give him a hug is a new low.Sheesh . This movie is racist the way that only guilty White liberals can be racist . Everything centers around the White characters ; the Japanese-American characters might as well be talking animals the way they are led around.If you have a `` Perry Mason '' view of how criminal prosecutions work , and a one-dimensional cartoon view of the issues of racial bigotry , then maybe this movie would appeal to you . If you like to look at beautiful Pacific Northwest scenery , then maybe this movie would appeal to you as well -LRB- but why not just visit visit ? -RRB- . If you hope for a serious understanding of the history of that time -LRB- or inter-racial relations of that time -RRB- from this movie , then either you will be deluded or greatly disappointed.I wish that I could recommend a better movie that covers the subject matter of race relations during that sad time in history . The closest that I can think of is `` Hell to Eternity '' , which covers the real-life story of Guy Gabaldon and is quite a different story .
 Some nice cinematography is wasted by an inane script full of historical inaccuracies , cliches , and stereotypes . The romance begins to succeed in the first 1/3 of the film , but the attempt to add suspense , tragedy , and mystery all fail miserably , and the actors appear to know it . I would n't waste a rental fee to see this tripe again .
 I really enjoyed the original book on which the film was based . Although not the most well-written , it featured an interesting setting and good plot though the character development was weak . Still , one cared about the characters and what happened to them.The film is instead almost incomprehensible , whether visually , plotwise or with regard to the characters . For the privilege of a few beautiful landscape scenes you have to watch a two hour movie that seems not to have considered the absence of internal logic as a flaw in a plot-heavy film . This film tries so hard to be arty , it forgets to have a core.Though the original book featured flashbacks and flashforwards one did n't have to read it in the dark . But the film is shot with a minimum of light , totally chopped up in pieces that add nothing to the mood or the context , and someone who has n't read the book will wander mindlessly through pretty landscapes missing the entire point of the book -- which is about the human tendency to allow prejudice and stereotypes define our relationships with those different from ourselves . It could have made a powerful statement if the director had spent half as much time shoring up the plot and the internal logic of the narrative as he did pretending to be Ansel Adams shooting snow covered trees .
 It 's not a bad film and is to be commended for powerfully capturing the forcing of Americans of Japanese descent into crudely made , wooden shacks in the middle of deserts or dry lake beds.But the most interesting characters are mere objects/plot devices to push the story along . They are n't allowed to tell their own stories . We solely see them through the eyes of the white characters.The father , played by Cary Hiroyuki Tagawa and his son , played by Rick Yune , have an interesting story to be told -- the father who teaches his son to be strong , silent and have resolve , who is then interned into America 's concentration camps , and the son , a WWII veteran , comes back to claim his father 's land which was sold off while they were gone . Unfortunately , you do n't hear it in this movie . ... This movie is basically about a sometimes whiny man who ca n't live up to his father 's legacy as a lawyer , and like an immature person , would rather hold a grudge than do what is right , that is , until the end .
 In comparison to the book , this movie was not fully accurate and it moved very slowly . I did not enjoy watching this movie , nor did it add any insight to the novel . However , the parts that were included from the novel were correct and fairly accurate . The cast did a good job acting , but they did not have a good script to act out . It is not worth renting this movie , let alone purchasing it .
 I was disappointed with the film version of David Guterson 's book , which I loved . The movie moved so slow , even though I knew the outcome , which I wo n't give away . The cinematography was wonderful , however . There just seemed to be something missing from the story . After I finished watching , I felt like I had n't watched it . It just ended . There was no climactic ending at all . I thought it very boring with no emotional qualities . My advice
 Would have given it a 1-star , but the production values were gorgeous -LRB- cinematography , music score , sound , set decoration . -RRB- However , very hard to follow with numerous flashbacks in flashbacks -LRB- I think . -RRB- I did n't read the book so I did n't know the story , but the author seems to have channeled another famous book . All the actors seemed put out to have shown up without any intrest in fleshing out their chracters , no chemistry inter-play with any of the characters . Slowwwwwwww ...
 I saw this and I must say I felt I was trapped in a sophomoric misunderstanding of Ingmar Bergman . If you want beautiful cinematographic postcards of the Pacific Northwest , by all means . If you want a lifeless P.C. apology to Japanese-Americans , by all means . If you want a movie that you can stay awake through ... run , run , run to your nearest made-for-televison movie ... you 'll thank me .
 There is no question that `` Snow Falling on Cedars '' is a visual accomplishment with its breathtaking scenery and cinematography . I did not care for the repetitive love themes and sappy music , but even these qualities are acceptable enough to warrant more than two stars.What finally made this film a showstopper for me was the portrayal of Japanese Americans as being helplessly dependent on white people . I do n't object to the premise that a Japanese man could be falsely accused of a crime and that a white lawyer and journalist could help to acquit him . If this had been done in an intelligent and believable manner then I would have given the film more than two stars . But there are numerous indications in this movie that its really about the white person helping the poor Japanese people and the Japanese people submitting to him in return . This is evident in two critical scenes , one of which is visual and the other verbal . At the end of the trial , the Japanese people all bow to Ethan Hawke . This is done in a solemn , almost holy atmosphere and there 's no question about the kind of mood that scene is trying to evoke
 Strip away the beautiful scenery and what 's left is a shallow , pedestrian take on ... nothing . There is n't a well-drawn character in the bunch . The movie is ostensibly about Ethan `` hole-in-a-movie '' Hawk 's transformation from a wounded , lovelorn child into a do-the-right-thing man , but the moral dilemma he resolved was trivial , and 90 % of human beings , ... would have resolved it in the same way , but a lot sooner and with less grief for others .
 This movie , though it tells a compelling story , it simply filled with drudgery . I have not read the book , and still may , but I also consider the story line to be absolutely full of a race-baiting mentality . I do not recommend `` Snow Falling on Cedars . ''
 Beautifully photographed but totally empty movie , which tries to fool you into thinking it 's about something by using the tired old cliche of a trial and lots of flashbacks .
 I expected so much more from this film . While it was visually stunning and had many lovely actors in it , I felt deflated and disappointed by it . The film drove the viewer to expect something dramatic and telling to happen , but it does n't . The film is overly long , slow-moving and offers no real surprises . I did not read the book upon which this is based , so I was not sure what the plot was . I suspect the book was a lot better than the film . The story surrounds a town 's bitterness toward the Japanese following World War II and one man 's feelings for a Japanese girl . Ethan Hawke is subdued but good in his role as the one man who can prove the innocence of the Japanese girl 's husband in a court case but also the one man who has the most to lose personally by doing so . Hawke 's character , as a boy in the Pacific Northwest , meets the Japanese girl . They become the best of friends and eventually they share a kiss together . It is never clear if their relationship went beyond this point , but it is safe to say that Hawke 's character loved the girl . However , all the Japanese families were being shipped off to internment camps , and he and the girl were no longer able to see one another . While in the camps , the girl met a Japanese-American man -LRB- who served in the war also -RRB- and married him . Hawke also served in the war and loses an arm in battle . Hawke 's father -LRB- played by Sam Shepard -RRB- is a free-thinking newspaper publisher , and he is one of the few who uses his voice and paper to criticise the policy of interning the Japanese . Soon , advertisers are pulling their support of his paper , and he is left to try to print the paper alone . Hawke becomes a journalist because of his father . Ultimately the values his father taught him about standing up for what is right and decent are what leads Hawke to gather the evidence needed to keep the Japanese girl 's husband from being convicted of a murder for which he was being framed . In the end , Hawke 's heart is still broken , but he has done the right thing .
 This asinine adaptation of David Guterson 's `` acclaimed '' book was an absolute nightmare to watch . The slow paced plot and lack of consistency in this movie made it extremely extraneous to watch.What made this film so difficult to watch is the fact that it is actually three films interwoven into one . The main story is that of a Japanese man on trial for the murder of a white fisherman who wrongfully owned the accused father 's land.The other stories provide some insight to the trial.The first is the story of a white newspaperman named Ishmael and Hatsue -LRB- now the wife of the accused -RRB- . The second is the persecution of Japanese Americans and Japanese People during World War 2 . We see depictions of hatred and ignorance , as law abiding Japanese citizens are shamelessly herded into internment camps.This gives additional information being as the trial takes place in the 1950 's . As you can see this is a lot of information for one person to process.What we really didnt like about this film is how it jumps from story to another . its like right as you get into a story , BAM you are smacked in the face with a different story . this makes it hard to follow and frustrating for the teenage viewer . The main story in this film was very hard to understand with the other stories jumping in . The Japanese man was clearly put on trial because he seemed like a relevant suspect due to his history with the fisherman . It was difficult to get into the trial and make sense of the whole situation . We personally believe that this film showed very little relevance to marginalization . Snow falling on Cedars was a good way to show us teenage students that the Japanese was mistreated for their race but made us more confused and uninterested .
 I found this movie to be rather interesting but the fact that almost the whole movie was so dark ruined it for me.This is a problem in a great many movies and ca n't understand why .
 Snow falling on ceders has all the warmth and cheer of the wet , dismal , cold and foggy weather of the region . Utterly depressing.The plot is plodding and stale . No surprises.None of the characters can one identify or sympathise with . That every group is bigoted is nothing new.The ending not worth waiting for.Scenery is lovely as usual but the only redeeming feature of this film is that it portrays the region as it was that began dying out as I was born . The lumber industry and fishing are no longer what they once were . The ferry boats and strawberry fields are still there but tourism is now the biggy .
 I do n't normally turn off a movie until it 's ended , but I could n't stand the complete boredom from this one . I was surprised to see the reviews that anyone actually liked it . I understand that this is just my opinion and all but I 'm gon na tell you how it is , this one just sucks bad , real bad ! This movie is like `` Ishtar '' & `` Hudson Hawk '' -LRB- two awful movies -RRB- It 's funny , this one even put me to sleep briefly while it was playing . Thumbs way down here : -LRB-
 well i didnt watch all this movie but i did watch about an hour or so of it . from what i saw it was quite boring . but it picked up a bit but then towards the end it got boring again and i quit watching it .
 Cinematography is just ONE ingredient of a good film , not thewhole recipe . This was a story with so much promise , yet it insistedon becoming eye-candy rather than a good movie ... . END
 Okay , this movie is heavy on atmosphere , which everyone seems to notice and comment on . But as the movie 's most salient characteristic , it is n't enough to carry it . I found the characters wooden and predictable , and the story even more predictable.The backstory -- which we 're shown in flashbacks -- is fairly standard
 I went into this movie with high hopes . Conceptually , the story is fantastic , and one that an immense amount could have been done with on film ... but alas , it was more often than not an utter waste of time . I found myself wanting to turn it off several times throughout the movie -LRB- I reserve the word `` film '' for fine pieces of cinema . -RRB- Instead of a great film , what we are presented is a largely self-indulgently directed movie with a flimsy script . Instead of capturing the natural beauty of the islands of the Pacific northwest , we are instead `` treated '' to blurry shots and completely silly flashback sequences -LRB- the underwater sequence of Ethan Hawke during the war stands out in my mind as the worst . -RRB- Not only do you have these tackily shot scenes , but then you have scenes with tacky subject matter
 Ostensibly sympathetic to Japanese Americans , Snow Falling On Cedars actually crosses the line to propaganda by failing to acknowledge that there is another side of the story . The Japanese sneak attack on Pearl Harbor is barely mentioned , the killing of hundreds of innocent civilians that led to the unjust internment of Japanese Americans omitted . But the film goes even furher , referring to the camps as `` concentration camps , '' which they were not ; this is a deliberately misleading lie . These omissions and false impressions can only stir up bad memories and provoke renewed hatred . My father defended the U.S.A. and the rest of the world from the Japanese during World War II , watched many of his friends slaughtered , and would turn over in his grave if he were aware of this atrocious , simple-minded , one-sided film .
 thie movie is like a pretty girl who is so impressed with herself but is shallow and hollow inside -- sooo impressed with his images & flashbacks - a soundtrack that swells so often the effect after a while is deadening -- portentousness gives way to pretense -- the director was obviously awash in the beauty of what he was shooting -- but the constant flashbacking and the lush but ultimately phony soundtrack destroys all momentum -- the dialogue is often ridiculous -- even the title is phony pandering to all those really good oriental movies-as is the whole meaningleess enterprise -- the story underneath all the portentousness is weak -- hence all the posturing to make it look like something is going on == but its the emperors new clothes -- theres really nothing here -- real phony crap -- that looks pretty but is annoying and ultimately unwatchable as u realize its all boloney
 As far as tango is concerned , this is NOT a movie to buy based on the word Tango in the title . As for the movie itself , we 'll let 's just say that it is not worth purchasing let alone the time wasted by watching this film . I am a fan of Argentine Tango , and this movie does not have any worthy tango scenes .
 The video quality is n't really any noticeably better than the original set . I 'm not a fan of the slim cases either but if you 're looking to save space it 's a good option . I preferred the case art in the original set still . All that is here that 's new is a new box and a new interview . 5 star show , 1 star for just repackaging Gerry Anderson 's most famous supermarionation series again in the hopes of earning a few more bucks .
 Just a warning - if this is the same as the English release -LRB- and logic would dictate it is -RRB- , then it has had the top and bottom chopped off to fill widescreen tvs . It was 4:3 , so on a widescreen set there should be black space at the sides , or `` pillarboxing '' . When will these people learn ? Original . Aspect . Ratio!All that said , buy the SD DVDs instead . Thunderbirds is still one of the greatest sci-fi action shows ever ! I can wait 'til they get their OAR blu-ray act together . When they do that , I 'll buy it in a heartbeat . My dad loved Thunderbirds , I love it , and my boy loves it too . F.A.B. ! O.A.R. ! I know people will slag me off for writng this before it 's out -LRB- the British version IS already out and people ARE already upset -RRB- , but I think it 's better that I write this before it 's perpetrated on more unsuspecting customers . And besides , everyone thinks my reviews are snobby anyway ... Repeat
 This movie is terrible , Milla Jovovich can not act and the scenes of this film are horrible !!! Do n't waist your money or your time on this poop ! If you want to know the story of Joan of Arc just read a book !
 Unfocused , overproduced , over-ambitious and overlong , that is the best way to describe this uneven period action movie/tragedy/religious melodrama . That 's really too bad because it had potential and some great actors in it ; Faye Dunaway , John Malkovich and Dustin Hoffman . Starting with the cast , Mila Jovovich was simply wrong for the role , ` Joan of Arc ' is just as complex a character as ` Blance DuBois ' , it was just too difficult for her but who can blame her for trying . She was miscast in a vital role and overdoes it a lot , but then she is n't even an actress , she was originally a model that 's always been typecast for roles where exotic looks where needed . Faye Dunaway is under-appreciated , John Malkovich is simply miscast in a role that makes him look silly and childish and Dustin Hoffman just plain seems awkward in the role of devil ? / angel ? / conscience ? . For a period film it is too Hollywoodized , strange considering the French cast and foreign director , it also fails to capture the times with silly accents and unimpressive sets , costumes and makeup . The battle scenes have an extremely low credibility level and look cartoonish . And the ` miracle sequences ' where Joan is visited by God are ridiculous , the guy that plays Jesus looked more like a freak that the son of God , his looks are really distracting . It tries to be ` Braveheart ' -LRB- a much better film -RRB- at times but fails miserably and near the end it violently changes direction to religious melodrama . This are the film 's best scenes where they start to question whether Joan really saw God and even those sequences are overlong . And the final burning at the stake , which should of been poignant or dramatically successful is dull and unrewarding . The stylized direction by Besson is completely inadequate here , it works well in films like ` La Femme Nikita ' -LRB- his best film -RRB- or even ` The Professional ' , but not here . Note
 Having been interested in the story of Joan Of Arc since grade school , I thought I 'd give this DVD a try.Good thing I rented it . . I thought the acting , etc , was okay , but the movie totally lost me when , shortly before a siege is to take place , the French ask the English to surrender . Their reply is for the French to quote `` Go F**K Yourselves ! '' , Shortly after the siege takes place , there is an endless round of `` F '' words.I 'm sorry.I 'm no scholar , but I do n't think that , in 1420 , that F word was even invented much less used in such a casual manner . . If you make a movie based on history , then keep it in a historical context . -LRB- Same problem I had with some of `` Titanic '' 's language -RRB- . I do not recommend this movie to anyone .
 Never have I been so disappointed by a movie . Joan of Arc - France 's patron saint - a real-life person , portrayed like a super hero . It might have worked better if they 'd added the cartoon ` Sock ' , ` Bam ' , and ` Pow ' during fight scenes . All I can tell you is AFTER seeing this , I happened to catch `` The Passion of Joan of Arc '' on Turner Classic Movies , and thought it was a contemporary film . I was shocked to learn the film was done in 1928 ! So my advice is to leave this ` glam trash Fishtar ' version on the shelf , and buy the REAL DEAL instead - `` The Passion of Joan of Arc '' -LRB- 1928 -RRB- . .
 This is pretty disapoiting compared to other Luc Besson movies ; if you think that the Fifth Element is one of the best Sci-Fi movies ever made and if you kept saying `` BIG BADDA BOOM '' for a year , you 'll be totally turned off by Nana Vovovich 's character .
 I eagerly awaited this film as I missed the chance to see it in the theatres . I think I could have gone through the rest of my life content with never having seen this abominable film . I spent money that would have been more wisely invested in a lottery ticket!Besson tries to impress grandeur with a heavy hand and overblown performances from his cast . I felt badly that Faye Dunaway had anything to do with this piece of trash . John Malkovich , however , progressively chooses roles not really suited for his style of acting and he sticks out like an English lance in this movie . I do n't know if perhaps the director incorrectly informed his actors if they were in a comedy or not , but man , avoid this like the plague ! At least you have a choice - the victims of the plague never did .
 Visually , this movie is stunning . The performances are good , and it 's a technical marvel.However , we spend far too much time in psychoanalysis of Joan . The director is trying to make it clear that Joan 's motivations may not have been clear , even to herself , but should it take so long to drive that point home ? GET ON WITH IT ALREADY.The humor in this film was oddly placed , and gave a surreal feeling . Whether that was intentional , I do n't know - however it further served to detatch me from the subject .
 In comparison to Joan of Arc -LRB- 1999 -RRB- : Starring
 This stinkeroo is getting as much effort from me in this review as director Luc Besson put into his scenario .
 As a St. Jeanne d'Arc devotee , I have read quite a bit on my favorite Saint , as well as seen my share of movies . Some were well done , none have been definitive , and others are , well , like this one . I usually try to be a bit more intelligent , but the first word that comes to mind when I think of this particular version is CRAP !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Historically innacurate , spiritually unfaithful , this film stinks . It is downright heretical , portraying our beloved Jeanne as having made a pact with the devil . She is shown as a proud , haughty girl at odds with her Church . What a bunch of bull . The ONLY two bits of this film I appreciated were the attention given to her ring -LRB- given her by her brother -RRB- , as well as the scene when she brings a child back to life -LRB- I am unaware of any other films on her that portray this true story -RRB- . Other than these , it took a lot not to walk out of the theatre when I went to see it . In other words , BLAHHHHHHHH ! Do n't waste your time , money , or soul on such non-sense .
 This movie is a WASTE of your time money mind and morals.If Mr Besson does n't believe in GOD and therefore wanted to know why a young peasant girl would take up arms against the British than he would have to deal with FACTS
 The Messenger the director Luc Besson should take a few pointers from Mel Gibson on how to make a war movie.This movie stinks it 's pathetic and a waste of time Mila is a beautiful woman but she ca n't act her way out of a paper bag in this movie and it shows the infamous woman who heard voices from the heavens saying to lead the french into battle at orleans.Mila plays her like some stark raving madwoman gone insane and you clearly see it when she goes into battle as she screams constantly and it gets tiresome.Lee Slobeski did perfect playing Joan in the NBC miniseries which is far better then the this rediculous movie.If you must see this rent it do n't buy it it 's a waste of money and Mila go back to acting school where you belong .
 Audio Merits :7 / 10 ; Video Merits :9 / 10 ; Scenario Merits :3 / 10 ; Cinematograhic Merits :5 / 10 ; Musical Merits :5 / 10 ; Overall Artistic Performance :6 / 10 ; DVD Extras :6 / 10 ; Recording Total Quality :5 / 10 . Professor 's Recommendation : Worst of all Joan of Arc titles . Do n't buy it .
 Milla Jovovich is a very beautiful woman . I 've enjoyed her performances in the past when she played beautiful but rather zany , one dimensional characters -LRB- ie . `` The Fifth Element '' -RRB- . Unfortunately , in `` The Messenger '' she is asked to play a very complex , multi-dimensional character
 This movie would be better if the heroine was n't played as being psychotic all the time . Great props and costumes though .
 This version of Joan of Arc was a complete and utter disgrace . The apparent point of this movie is to depict Joan as completely insane and no real saint . So insane , in fact , that this character of Joan was completely unable to have a normal conversation with anyone . None of the other characters in the film have even a smidgen of respect for her . The closest thing to respect would be amusement to the fruits of insanity to have one 's way . One goes away with the feeling that not a single worthwhile human value was in place . A story of a traumatized and visibly very insane woman inducted by the elite of the time as a useful fool and then completely discarded in her time of need after literally saving France and restoring the crown . To add insult to injury , Jesus was depicted as demonic and hideous with bulging eyes , looking like he was in drag , covered in blood , and frightful . A brutal murder-rape was `` added '' to the story to make it known that Joan was not speaking to saints or doing God 's work but a severely traumatized , very immediately visibly mentally ill person who ultimately chose her own death to appease her delusions.One must wonder what kind of corruption is behind this completely soiled and devaluing version of the story of Joan of Arc and this disgraceful depiction of Jesus .
 Clearly the producers set out to make a mockery of Joan of Arc and they accomplished that goal rather well . While the costumes and the music are rather good , the script and the actors play their roles over-the-top and it makes for a silly sight.It seems that only revered Christians can be so badly depicted in Hollywood . I recommend a pass on this hate-mongering .
 This movie was bad . I watched it because I 've always loved the stories about Joan . This movie was sloppy and poorly done in everyway . I thought the rape scene was terrible and I could n't get that ` scene ' out of my head because it was fused to my brain while I was watching the rest of the flick . Of course it did n't help much because later they repeated the scene ... WHY ?? Then they made the character Joan a complete nut case that she could n't make a decision without going ballistic . This is a complete nil for me .
 Luc Besson has done some spectacular movies . This is not one of them . Milla 's over-acting creates a character who is both annoying and difficult to believe . None of the central characters are easy to empathize with so one does n't really care if they live or die . The violence seems unnecessary and gruesome . The script is choppy and the dialog is forced . Go watch The Professional instead .
 I know all the critics panned this film , but a few people I know said it was still worth watching . They were wrong . I 'm pretty sure the only reason Jovovich even got the role is because her husband 's the director . I can promise you it was n't because of her acting ability.I truly respect Joan of Arc and find her story quite inspiring . This film turned a strong , noble woman into a babbling psycho bent on revenge for something that never even happened . Very , very few things in this film were even historically accurate.John Malcovich and Dustin Hoffman must 've lost a bet ... that 's the only explanation I can think of for their prescence in this filth.The film does have Braveheart level -LRB- in violence , not quality -RRB- battle scenes , so you may want to be careful about letting little ones view this . There is a scene in the very beginning where young Joan witnesses her sister get brutally killed and then raped , which was truly disturbing . In addition to being one of the creepiest moments on film , the event never actually happened.If you really want to know the story of Joan of Arc , watch any other film . If all you want is 2 and a half hours of mind numbing battles with special effects , this is your flick .
 It is definitely a Hollywood version . They have changed a lot the real history of Joan D'Arc . I do n't think that Joan of Arc was angry all the time like they present her in the movie . Joan , according to the story heard voices from three saints , St. Catherine , St. Margaret and St. Michael . But in the movie they present three images and they never speak . Is like the same angel or saint in three different ages . The movie has more o less a slow pace and it turns really boring after 3/4 parts of the movie had elapsed . I think the version of Joan of Arc , starred by Lelee Sobieski is more loyal to what really happened than this one . Even the one in black & white with Ingrid Bergman was even better than this one .
 I agree with most reviews of `` The Messenger
 If two great film artists , Carl-Theodore Dreyer and Robert Bresson , saw fit to restrict their talents to Joan of Arc 's `` passion '' and `` trial , '' then what on earth Luc Bresson thought he could do with her whole story is sheer megalomania . An action film director , he simply has n't the skill to capture one of history 's greatest enigmas on film - even with a large budget and an international cast . And he is clearly besotted with Milla Jovovich - else why would he cast her in The Fifth Element as ` the perfect human ? ' She is so out of her depth in this role that she 's embarrassing to watch - turning poor Joan into a complete neurotic . The film suggests that the real puzzle of history is not that Joan of Arc led a French army into battle - and won - but that the Dauphin and his ministers actually permitted this apparent nut case to do so . She obviously had n't the imagination - neither did Besson - to look deeply into this young woman 's soul and find something authentic - like a 15th-century peasant girl made so ecstatic by her visions and voices -LRB- made ridiculous in the movie -RRB- that she convinced enough of her countrymen that she was sent to liberate them . I can think of maybe two or three living actresses who could pull it off , but they 're far too old to play a 19-year-old . Viewers should purchase the newly restored and gloriously remastered Passion of Joan of Arc to get glimpses of what art can do with the enigma of Joan .
 This unsightly contribution in Milla Jojovich 's career proves quite well that , aside from looking breathless , panting and screaming , the actress can not tackle a serious acting challenge.A true mockery of Joan of Arc , this film conspires to make the Poucelle D'Orleans seem like a deranged woman incapable of controlling an army -- whereas the historical Joan of Arc showed an eerie capacity for military manoeuvres , whose fame became to widespread that entire cities surrendered at the mention of Joan of Arc at their gates.Through her -LRB- dictated -RRB- letters -LRB- for she was presumably illiterate -RRB- , and her recorded answers to the Inquistion , we have come to know that Joan of Arc , born in Domremy , was an unusually lucid 16-year-old -LRB- she was burned at the stake at the age of 19 -RRB- with a gift for words -LRB- which may give credibility that she was actually related to the Dauphin through the bloodline of Anne the Adultress and thus must have received some degree of education -RRB- , as well as sharing the distinction of being the middle age 's most distinguished transvestite -LRB- sharing the same historical period as the Basque transvestite and noblewoman Catalina de Erauzo , the Lieutenant Nun -RRB- . Milla Jojovich 's portrayal of Joan of Arc is insulting to anyone that has ever studied this remarkable character , giving us instead a histrionic and half-mad woman who can not keep her composture for a second and who apparently has the resolution of a twig , fueled into battle by unknown fervors that vanish as soon as the battle scene is over . Joan of Arc was a hard and somewhat fanatical Christian , but in no way was she the blithering idiot that Jojovich 's acting makes her out to be . There is also a scene of `` self-examination '' during Joan 's captivity with the Burgundians that serves little point other than to stress the idea that Joan is absolutely nuts . Indeed , all the Damsel of Orleans does through half the movie is to claw and hyperventilate ... truly a shameful performance , and abysmal script-writing . If you want a GOOD film about Joan of arc , check out the Criterion Collection and look up Carl Dreyer 's The Passion of Joan of Arc , do n't waste your time with this Hollywood-produced piece of glitz , filth and shallowness .
 . . and is defeated.The main problem appears to stem from the lack of realism , it is simply not sufficiently believable for a historical epic.Jovovich is not remotely convincing as a leader of men , showing neither charisma nor divinity . She 's just plain mental.John Malkovich is totally miscast as the young King , and quite why Dustin Hoffman 's part exists at all is a mystery.The battle scenes are visually impressive but show us only the spectacular gore , and none undoubted horror and fear of the battlefield . Five invincible nobles cutting a bloody swathe through dozens of doomed English Knights and foot soldiers would be more at home in a Conan film than a historical epic.And the accents ? Although nowhere near the farce that The Man In the Iron Mask was , the mixture just does n't work . English and Americans playing Frenchmen share dialogue with Frenchmen playing Frenchmen and we end up with a compromised mess . The only way to tell identify who 's supposed to be English is that they have as yet undiscovered Northern English dialects and swear.On the positive side , Faye Dunaway is good , as are all the French cast.I ca n't help thinking that had this been made in French with a French cast , a more subtle Joan and more realism in battle , it could have been a great film.But it was n't , and it is n't .
 This was the absolute WORST movie I have ever seen . I actually warn people in the video store when I see them about to rent it . One guy rented it despite my warning and the next time I ran into him he said he wished he 'd listened to me . WHO TOLD MILLA JOVOVICH SHE COULD ACT ???????????? Awful , awful movie .
 I bought this in the vague hope of stumbling on one more underpublicized and underappreciated -LRB- in the US -RRB- French masterpiece such as Claude Berri 's Queen Margot . Not quite ! There are certainly aspects of brilliance here both in the cinematography and Mila Jovovich 's performance , but there is a tremendous amount of anarchy and occasional apparent aimlessness in the plot . Of course the Joan of Arc story is well known , but many times , the director seemed to let things ramble on without good tie ins . It 's a long film , but that should n't be a vice . Here it is , because long portions could be cut without harming the overall effect . Better yet , the themes could have been better established and linked and the character development focused better . Apart from the title character , everyone else was pretty much constructed of cardboard.What really offended me about The Messenger was the dialogue , which in many places is simply ludicrous . There is plenty of 90 's colloquialism and plenty of medieval cliche , but very little authentic sounding conversation reflecting the status relationships between French nobility -LRB- and royalty -RRB- and peasants . At the same time , there are some cheap , Keystone coppish antics in which the ostensible army leaders bumble like the Three Stooges , while Joan takes some implausible action . In these respects , at least , The Messenger demonstrates that the Hollywood lowest common denominator can be at home on the Continent as well . This sort of triviality really disappoints me , as I think it did a lot to mediocratize another film which should have been very good , Mel Gibson 's Patriot . All in all , what is frustrating is that this could also have been a very worthy effort , perhaps memorable , but fails because the whole was far less than the sum of the parts .
 My daughter was assigned this particular version by her professor , so I watched it , increasingly reluctantly . The movie was badly made , revolving around the bizarre behavior of an apparently lunatic Joan , played by the director 's wife . Incredibly cheesy acting , which is surprising , given the many quality actors and actresses who appear in the movie.However , the main problem with the movie is the thrust of Besson 's portrayal of Joan , which goes against the copious first-hand sworn testimony of her neighbors , friends , soldiers , confessors , and acquaintances at Joan 's rehabilitation trial after her death . She was known by all to be a sober , steady , stable individual of great self-possession , who inspired great respect , admiration , and deference by all , especially the rough , no-nonsense soldiers who followed her . Thus , soldiers sent to bring her to the King , intending to throw the peasant girl into a ditch , were won over on the way back to the king with their distrust turned to great respect . And too many other accounts like this to mention here . She won love and admiration by something other than magic tricks -- by her character , demeanor , strength , and goodness . That 's in the historical record.The movie never makes it clear why anyone would have wanted to follow its portrayal of Joan , which inspires revulsion rather than love and admiration . The depiction of Joan 's `` Voices '' is especially pejorative and is contradicted by Joan 's own recorded words at Poitiers when examined by King Charles ' representatives , at the trial of condemnation at Rouen , and the testimony of many witnesses at the rehabilitation trial . That she was the victim of demented visions is not born out by the actual record . This is n't to claim that what she said is true ; simply that the content of what she says she saw and heard are nothing like Besson 's fabrications.Many different interpretations of who Joan of Arc was are possible . But to be remotely honest , they have to respect the basic facts that are right there in the historical record , available to anyone with a minimal effort . Besson did a hatchet job on Joan of Arc , and not a very skilled one at that . I do n't recommend this movie as deserving even casual attention .
 Besson 's film on the legendary Joan of Arc leaves mixed results . Although he presented an original angle in showing her to be less than heavenly inspired , Besson has seriously and uneffectively distorted several documented facts about Joan of Arc . This is rendered worse by a bad script and questionable acting.All historical accounts suggest that Joan of Arc was soberly persistent in her pleas for the Dauphin to give her an army but she was never the delusional psychotic as shown in the movie . Her visions were inspired by the Saints and not by Christ Himself . All accounts are conclusive in that Joan of Arc was leading as a symbol of inspiration to the army and never once raised a weapon against the enemy
 I was so upset after watching this film , I had to write a review somewhere to caution people not to watch it . The old silent version is the best I 've ever seen of St. Joan , and the other '90s version with Leelee Sobieski did a much better job of showing St. Joan 's human struggles as a young girl responding to the call of the divine , but used by and eventually abandoned by earthly powers.Okay , here are my issues with this depiction of the saint 's life :1 -RRB- The rape scene she witnessed with her sister . This appears nowhere in the stories of her life . Yes , we have very little hard facts to go by , but this fabrication made it look like Joan was motivated by revenge for her sister 's murder and rape , rather than a holy calling . The rest of the film for the most part supports this view -LRB- Dustin Hoffman 's portrayal of her `` Conscience , '' for instance -RRB- .2 -RRB- The scenes where , after her sister 's funeral , Joan refuses to make the sign of the cross , and then removes a chalice of wine from the church 's tabernacle , makes the motions of consecrating it , and then pours it down her throat after shouting `` I want to be with you NOW ! '' There are two ways you could understand this behavior
 Throughout the years , the story of Joan of Arc has stimulated the production of several motion pictures . Her life , actions and words have inspired and intrigued for more than five hundred years . From a historical standpoint , it is unfortunate that we do not know enough about Joan of Arc 's life to fully understand who she was and what she did . While what she accomplished can not be denied , and her recorded letters , speeches and trial manuscripts form a profile , much of what we know of Joan comes from eyewitness accounts and the memoirs of those around her . Due to these historical obstacles , writers and cinema directors will always have room for individual interpretation when relating her tale.In 1999 `` The Messenger
 Am I missing something here ? I have read much about Jeanne d'Arc , but never have seen any mention of her sister being raped . Was this was inserted into the film in order to add credence and certainly better box-office draw ? A little something to spice up the movie and introduce the idea that Jeanne 's visions were a result of this trauma and it drove her to vengeful behavior?According to informaton gathered at her trail
 Over-acting , silly dialog , and drawn-out camera tricks to convey Joan 's `` visions '' make this a tedious and boring adaptation of an otherwise interesting historical tale . The camera tricks are something out ofThe Blair Witch Projector the oldBatmantelevision series and not something one would expect from a movie with a real budget . It is apparent that historical accuracy was a low priority compared to vain attempts to make the story more dramatic through the overemphasized breathy monologues and tilted camera sequences . This is particularly sad in light of the fact that the history behind the story is truly interesting in itself and the Hollywood tricks rob the viewer of any interest in the story at all . The one good thing about this movie is it will make you want to go back to reading instead . And when it does , tryJoan of Arc -LRB- Ignatius Press eBook -RRB- .
 I 'm french and i 've seen this movie with french language in zone 2 ! But without ten additionnal minutes Mister Luc Besson , a frenchie as much as me do not want make a complete movie for my country ! Is it normal ? No ! Sure ! In the same movie LEON whitch he as created ! Mister Luc BESSON do n't like the Fenchmen MOVIES ? OUTLANDISH !!!
 Oh my God!It 's unbelievable how this movie could gain so much popularity.I think Luc Besson did not know anything about Joan of Arc.And Milla Jovovich should n't play this role.She could n't expressed her -LRB- I mean Joan 's of Arc -RRB- emotions.She was crying and shouting all the time.Nothing more.Besides she was too old to play 17 years old girl.Only one thing in this movie was impressive - batallistc scenes . I am very disappointed with this movie.I guess most of the people who know Joan 's biography after watching this movie would feel the same as I do .
 Save your time and money - avoid this movie.I have studied the life of Joan of Arc and was extremely disappointed by this movie . The Messenger portrays Joan as a mental case who was unsure of herself and full of doubts . The record is clear that the real Joan was confident in her faith and in `` her voices . `` Also the movie has many scenes of graphic violence that are purely gratuitous and unnecessary . Yes war is violent but to include scenes of a head exploded by a giant wreaking ball adds nothing.I do not recommend this movie to anyone who is serious about learning about Joan of Arc.Get the 1948 Ingrid Bergman movie - it is much closer to the true story.For the best version of the real story , read Mark Twain 's book.This movie is an insult to a young woman who is quite possibly the most remarkable person who ever lived -LRB- aside from Jesus -RRB- .
 This movie was horrible ! First of all , it was not even historically accurate -- there were more glaring innaccuracies and downright fabrications spewed forth in this movie than in a televised political debate . Joan of Arc was basically portrayed as a delusional , over-intense , angry girl who threw tantrums when things did n't go her way.Joan of Arc 's heroic accomplishments are overshadowed in this movie . Her actions which helped free the France from English control are cast in a cynical light -- that she was mostly motivated by a desire for revenge . There is no mention of what a good , loving , unselfish person she was -- during her trials her friends and those who knew her testified how that she was all of these things.If you are looking for a sensational piece of fluff that reveals nothing about St. Joan of Arc , then watch this movie . If you want to find out more about the real St. Joan of Arc 's life and accomplishments , look elsewhere . If you want to watch a much better movie about Joan of Arc , check out the version starring Leelee Sobieski .
 Where to start criticizing this movie ? It fails so miserably on so many levels that it 's difficult to know where to begin.It 's obvious from watching this movie that the people who made it either did n't read the historical facts concerning Joan or did read them and simply chose to ignore them.Furthermore , you would never know Joan of Arc was a devout Catholic from seeing this movie . Aside from a few one sentence requests to see a priest , Joan 's deep faith and spirituality are totally left out . Not that Milla Jovovich has that kind of range as an actress anyway but could n't they have at least tried?Other than that I do n't know what to say about a movie that seems to go out of its way to demonize a young girl who , by all contemporary accounts , was literally a living saint.It 's just a terrible movie . Please do n't waste your money .
 Holy Cow ! Who told model-girl she could act ? I 'm sure the casting director who made the call is long out of work by now . The only redeeming quality of this film is Dustin Hoffman . Other than that , it 's a total joke . Even John Malkovich made me wretch -LRB- and I usually love him -RRB- . If you 're really curious , rent it , or maybe catch it as it flies out of someone 's window , or perhaps you 'll find a copy at the dump ?
 This movie uhhhh , stunk . Period . Milla Jovovich was so bad I wanted to burn HER not Joan ... HER ! In fact all the acting from the `` stars '' was horrible including John Malkovich who you 'd think would excel in such a role . The fight scenes were so utterly ridiculous ... as in
 Having been a student of and an admirer of St. Joan for many years , the only good things I can say about this film is that is is -LRB- 1 -RRB- grossly insulting , -LRB- 2 -RRB- woefully inaccurate , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- laughable . The raving maniac nutcase portrayed by Milla Jovavich bears no resemblance whatsoever to the real Joan , who was motivated not out of bloodlust or desire for glory , but simply out of love for God . It was Joan 's deep and abiding faith that enabled her to inspire and to lead her country men ; Besson 's film in no way whatsoever even attempts to addresss that faith . Joan 's faith was and is the key to understanding how she was able to accomplish what she did and to understanding how her story continues to hold so much facination for us today . For whatever reason , Besson chose to diss that faith -LRB- maybe he thought that such a `` trival '' thing would be too boring for modern audiences -RRB- and chose instead to portray Joan as an avenger-type -LRB- and one mentally and emotionally deranged , at that -RRB- who is bent on revenge . Sorry , either now or in the 15th century , I ca n't see anyone who would follow THAT type out of a paper bag , much less to war . If you want to see an accurate portrayal of Joan , I recommend sinking your hard-earned bucks into the Carl Dreyer silent classic `` The Passion of Joan of Arc , '' or into Ingrid Bergman 's 1948 Joan of Arc film . But as for `` The Messenger '' -- return to sender !
 Waste of time and energy . The main character is an $ % # @ # $ $ ing model trying acting and singing -LRB- you ca n't be all , pick one for goodness sake -RRB- . Her acting abilities are questionable , why ? Because I -LRB- and many people -RRB- have never heard of her . The whole movie is just really badly done . It 's too violent for children yet too foolish at times for adults . Especialy a little scene at the begining when Joan is a little girl and she just had that vision with the sword and she comes back home just to see her mother -LRB- am not sure if it was her mother or not -RRB- killed with that same sword and then raped . The scene is disgusting in that even though it is a bloody and violent scene and the viewer is raging with disgust for the rapist the director decided to make it a `` fun '' scene by portraing the rapist as a fool and clown . Anyway I do not recommend it to any serious watchers of history . VERY BAD
 There honestly is n't much I can say in favor of The Messenger . The acting is terrible , the technical elements are a mess , and the movie leaves to many critical elements unexplained . Worse still , the movie claims to be ` The Story Of Joan Of Arc , ' but utterly ignores the historical evidence on Joan.Unlike so many other bad movies , the horrendous technical elements make this movie almost unwatchable . Le Hire looked like a refugee from Mad Max . Some of the buildings look like they were designed by amateurs . The church , for instance , near Orleans was actually shorter than Joan on horseback while the castles sported bizarre chutes designed to drop cannonballs onto invaders . Even minor details , such as the ever-changing color of Jovovich 's hair show nothing short of sloppy continuity and bad design.Bad acting only complicates the situation . Milla Jovovich , inexplicably , maintains the same expression throughout the entire movie - up to and including during Joan 's burning . Ms. Jovovich has said that were Joan alive today she would be sitting in an internet cafe sipping coffee . Unfortunately , such utter misunderstanding carries over into her performance . Her performance manages to portray Joan as a delusional maniac with zombie-like expressiveness . Le Hire was portrayed as a caricature of a barbarian and lacked any real sense of definition . The only decent acting jobs were by Tommy Lee Jones and Dustin Hoffman . Jones put forward a solid , if somewhat lacking and one-dimensional , performance as Charles . While I do n't agree with his interpretation of the character , I can appreciate the skill that went into creating the role . Hoffman was simply superb.However good Hoffman 's portrayal was , it brings up one of the serious problems in the movie . His role is never explained , let alone supported historically . He shows up in Joan 's cell , questions her actions -LRB- it should be noted here that the directing here was really distracting , particularly the frequent cuts from the cell to the brightly-lit exteriors and back -RRB- , and somehow turns in a very good performance . He brings a lot of class to an underdeloped , pointless role . It should be noted that this is the only high point in the movie.My biggest complaint with The Messenger is that it claims to be ` The Story Of Joan Of Arc ' and bears little to no resemblence to the historical record . Despite theories to the contrary , Joan was no fanatic - this charge was never even made by her enemies - and that is what the movie insists on portraying her as . Similarly , the entire motivation for Joan 's actions , the death and rape of her mother , is pure fabrication . Isabelle Romee , Joan 's mother , actually survived Joan by almost 20 years and was instrumental in getting her daughter 's condemnation lifted . Artistic license is one thing , but if you want to tell ` The Story Of Joan Of Arc , ' actually * tell * the story rather than resorting to utter fiction.The lesson here is to avoid movies made simply to showcase the director 's girlfriend . That 's why The Messenger was made and it further illustrates the lack of respect the director and cast -LRB- Hoffman and Jones excepted -RRB- had for the material . Its false claims to tell a historical story are dangerous and irresponsible , while bad elements and design make for an unpleasant experience .
 This movie is historically inaccurate in so many ways . I would n't even give it one star unless Amazon made that little a requirement of the rating process . Not only does Joan not have a sister -LRB- who is VERY brually murdered in this film -RRB- , but the prince is far too old.They also make her look like an insane heretic who is quite possibly in league with the Devil . Then , they have her kill in this film . According to legend , she led an army , but never took a life . She was a standard bearer , but not a soldier.This is a horrid portrayal of Joan of Arc and possibly written and directed by someone/several people without a soul -LRB- s -RRB- . She looks like a lunatic .
 What is with all of the screeching and yelling ?? I got so tired of it I had to FF through the last half of the movie . The best part is when they finally burned her at the stake ! I knew she could scream no longer ... What was Dustin doing playing Obe Wan ? I must have missed something but could not stand to go back and look ! I love history and the legend of Joan , this fell short . I would not recommend this movie to anyone !!! Unless you are deaf ...
 THis movie was an insulting depiction of the visions of St. Joan of Arc . Looking through the eyes of a twentieth century thinker ... the writer and director decided to throw out the idea of Joan and her divine visions and imply the idea that she was mad . The movie takes the Character of a powerful woman who entered a man 's world and controled it with grace and strength ... and turns her into a childish mad woman who seem to deserve her fate . NO , if you want to learn the Joan of Arc story then read a book . If you want to see a dramatic version of the story ... rent the blackand white , or even better rent the Gloria Swanson silent film
 In a phrase - `` Joan of Arc - SUPER MODEL ! ''
 Not very offen I throw negative comments on a film , but unfortunately this one does n't deserve better . I really expected a better job from Luc Besson . While trying to be defiant and innovative , this film falls into historical incongruence . In order to sustain his picture of an eschizofrenic Joan Of Arc , Besson modifies or distorts historical facts and events already proven . For any person who knows and/or respects Joan Of Arc , or is looking to learn more about her , this is the last source they should look into . On another hand , the performances leave to much to desire , starting with Milla Jovovich , who overplays too offen . The only one who stood up to his name was Dustin Hoffman , a good actor in a bad role . To defy the common beliefs and standards in general , be it on Joan Of Arc or on any other subject , is always good , but only as long as such opinions are based on facts , something that Besson forgot in this movie .
 This was the absolute WORST movie I have ever seen . I actually warn people in the video store when I see them about to rent it . One guy rented it despite my warning and the next time I ran into him he said he wished he 'd listened to me . WHO TOLD MILLA JOVOVICH SHE COULD ACT ???????????? Awful , awful movie .
 Having been somewhat fascinated by the life of Joan of Arc , and entertained by the French flair of Director Luc Besson 's movies , it pains me to say that my disappointment in THE MESSENGER is most profound . Truly , with such a promising opening scene and more than a couple of excellent actors at its disposal - not to mention a mythical and supernatural aura intertwined with an amazing history - one would expect , even at the very least , a little glimmer of brilliance.Yet , apparently , it never was meant to be . However , I must say , the movie opens promisingly enough
 The Messenger
 He has ever had passion to explore some aspects of women , but now he 's a `` grown up '' . I do n't want to see Englishmen , Americans and French themselves playing French in a movie describing history facts , we can not find THE REASON France fought with England when those emotions has been confused a lot . Though I like Milla Jovovich , always . About French 's madness , if you are interested in it 's beauty and mystery -LRB- in this movie , it is expressed little and not so completely -RRB- , I recommend `` Beatrice '' and `` the ninth gate '' -LRB- but I 've ever seen few French movies -RRB- . Notice how those people betray God ; the ways are funny sometimes and beautiful sometimes , though are cruel -LRB- cruelty is based on despair -RRB- the same time , of course . I do n't know how successful the two movies are , in trying to touch the thought of God , since I myself do not really understand God and find it is hard to understand a little more ; at least I am sure they are closer than this one .
 I am a French historian from Canada and I am telling you , the story was more religious non-sense then the real story of Jeanne d'Arc , in the movie the Dolphin future King of France would have to be nuts to believe her ! The scenario is bad , monotonous , boring ! So unless your name is Pat Robertson and Pat Buchanan or if are a priest . Do n't buy that ...
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The story of Joan of Arc -LRB- or Jeanne d'Arc as they call her in France -RRB- is well known just about everywhere . Joan is a poor peasant living in a small village in France during the Hundred Years War with England . She begins seeing heavenly visions that tell her she is God 's messenger to rid her country of the bloody English . Somehow she convinces Charles , the Dauphin with visions of being king , to give her an army to storm Orleans . Using unconventional methods she leads her army to victory . The Dauphin is crowned king and mostly forgets about Joan . She leads an unsuccessful siege on Paris is given over to the English , tried and burned at the stake , several hundred years later she is sainted by the Catholic church . The Messenger covers most of this relatively faithfully , and beautifully.Luc Besson is a talented director filming such classics as Le Femme Nikita and The Professional . His talent is presented here in his ability to create interesting and beautiful shots , but is lost in creating a cohesive story . He does n't seem to know what to do with the story about the young saint . In parts it seems earnest in it 's recreation of this revolutionary with heavenly visions , but then it sinks into near parody of itself and in the ends sinks towards a reinventing of the events themselves asking Joan herself whether or not her visions were real or mere psychosis.Milla Jovovich is a pretty face who has mostly been in forgettable , silly comedies and the Resident Evil franchise which might as well be considered a silly comedy for all its worth . Here , she has two modes of acting , a strange amphetamine delivery of her lines as if she could n't spit them out fast enough , or a snarled scream as if acting was merely being the loudest person on the set . It is not a nuanced performance . For the entirety of the film she seems completely out of place.The battle or Orleans is tame at best . There are virtually no scenes of real ambitious spectacle . We are given nothing to inform us of her revolutionary forms of combat . Instead her method seems to be screaming a lot and jumping a horse over the enemies fence . Later the storming of Paris is so humorous it is sad . Joan screams and screams that she needs back up while a few soldiers randomly knock on what must be the Paris gates . These soldiers are so bewildered a pathetic looking they seem more out of a Monty Python sketch than a serious film about war.Beyond the visual elements the only saving grace is Dustin Hoffman 's performance as the Grand Inquisitor or Conscience . It is a fine performance from a fine actor , but it is a peculiar character . He spends his time questioning Joan 's own sanity . Could her visions in fact be some form of psychosis or fantasy ? Could crucial moments in her life like finding a sword in a field in fact be simple coincidence ? Good questions in the history of the real Joan of Arc , but they seem out of place here . Nowhere in the film are we led to believe Joan is nothing but the real thing . Why bring these questions into play during its climactic ending . The film would have worked much better believing whole heartedly in Joan 's purpose and vision . Or questioning her visions from the beginning , a revisioning of the myth could be very interesting . Instead it kicks its legs out from under itself by bringing her into question so late in the film.What we get in this portrayal of Joan of Arc is some pretty visuals and a find performance from Dustin Hoffman . Try renting one of Luc Besson 's earlier films and pick up anything from Hoffman 's hey day in the 70 's , they will be worth your dollar and your time far more than anything thing to be found here . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Was she a prophet ? Was she a nut ? Perhaps she was a sly and highly intelligent manipulator . Maybe she was a feminist in an age of male domination who decided to use God as a ladder to French Royalty . All interesting possiblities . All completely ignored by this film . I doubt that even Luc Besson could explain what he thought of Joan of Arc and he does n't even try to here . Depite battle sequences that are almost on par with those of Braveheart , a terrifc cast giving superb performances , and stunning visuals the film falls completely flat . I would 've prefered it if the film had nothing good in it . It would have been easier to dismiss , but the presence of such great elements makes the whole that much more of a disappointment . Milla Jovovich gives her all in the lead role , Malkcovich is as usual terrific as the sly back stabbing king , Faye Dunaway wreaks of menace despite being underused . Then we come to Dustin Hoffman as The Conscience , who I think is Besson 's attempt at redeaming himself . After roaming through the first half of the film , giving us battle sequence after another , dream sequence after another , all which look magnifecent , but by the third time you see them you start wondering if he is going anywhere with this , he does n't . The Conscience is his feeble attempt at understanding Joan , but it comes too late , and by then we are not so much interested in understanding her , as much as we are hoping that the film would end . By the time the film is over you 'll be thinking to yourself , what a waste of lots of great elements in this completely pointless mess . Note
 In my whole 26 years long life I had never undergone such a test of human resistance until I saw this Besson 's nightmare in the cinema . I do n't speak so much English to express my absolute disgustance after seeing this unbelievable film phantom , but I am sure I would have problems to express the feelings decently even using my own language.There is no doubt that Besson and his `` Joan Jovovich '' have brutally abused the legend of the medieval heroine because of their private film careers . I could n't believe my eyes
 Watch this one and then watch the silent 1928 Passion of Joan of Arc . It 's the difference between a comic book and Les Miserables . I 've seen most of the Joan films except the one with Ingrid Bergman , which I have n't been able to find . I 'm not an expert on the historical Joan , but I can compare films . The Joan films have been good , bad , and indifferent . The silent film is beyond compare . This one falls somewhere between bad and indifferent . Someone else mentioned the mix of accents . It drove me crazy . Most of the French army sounded more English than the English and Joan sounded like she was from Illinois . I also get extremely annoyed with historically based films that feel compelled to dumb down the dialogue by salting the dialogue with contemporary-usage obscenities and vulgarities . As a historical novelist myself , one of the things I research meticulously is the slang of the period . Nothing pulls you out of a historical moment like a 20th century slang coming form a long-ago character . I guess ultimately I have to say it 's an ok movie to rent , but I would n't spend money on it . If you want to buy a Joan film , opt for the 1928 silent . The added orchestral score is wonderful . The acting will break your heart . This one * shrug * Ruth Sims
 I did n't like this movie at all ... and not just because it was so historically inacurrate . I found the acting to be atrocious . . and when Dustin Hoffman did his big `` vision scene '' at the end all I could think was `` sword in a field . . definitely a sword in a field '' -LRB- picture a `` Rainman '' type voice here -RRB- the only one who had any talent whatsoever was the little girl playing young Joan.As far as historical accuracy , the only thing that had any semblance to fact was Joan always going to confession . The visions were n't correct , the characters were so poorly conceived they were comical.Bottom line , if you know nothing about Joan of Arc and would like to learn more , do n't watch this movie . If you want to see this character portrayed in a realistic manner and very close to what we know about her historically , do n't watch this movie . If you have any kind of knowledge of this aspect of french history you will be disappointed . You 're better off renting the CBS miniseries .
 This movie has 1 redeming quality-it introdues the modernviewer to the art of war , especially the devestation brought aboutduring a siege . I liked the way the movie took you through all the different phases of a battle ; the rallying of the troops , the pre-fighting taunting , the use of siege towers , etc. . What amazed me is how much this movie stole from Braveheart . The scenes involving Joan addressing the troops before the charge and the boiling oil falling on the helpless battering ram chargers made me think I put the wrong tape in .
 I suppose I should know better than to present a historian 's view of a film of this sort , but such is what I do.While the scriptwriter , Andrew Birkin , has said that he made sure the end result was far more historical than what director Luc Besson and distributor Sony had originally planned -LRB- do n't ask ... -RRB- , and Birkin seems to have had good motives , the end result nevertheless bears little resemblance to the time period , people , or events in question . Nor , good motives aside , is it respectful of the heroine
 Got to say the video quality was good for a old movie but however I was quite disappointed with the general story line ... . a resonable cast but story line was too week ... nothing much but a crazy women going to war ... sad story not a blue ray worth keeping wont be watching it again ... a pity ...
 This movie is so painfully inaccurate , one could assume it was written by someone who not only has no notion of who Joan of Arc was historically , but also has no reverence for her as a saint . Joan of Arc had two brothers , not a sister . Domremy was not attacked by the Burgundians or the English , as it was already English territory . Joan heard the voices of Saint Catherine , Saint Margaret , and Saint Michael . Saint Catherine , and Saint Margaret were the dominant voices . She also spoke of the voices comforting her , not terrorizing her for following their direction . I despise this representation of Joan as a broken , pathetic , and incredibly insane antihero . Anyone who has given the time and thought to reading her trial transcripts would know that she was so much more than this film could possibly pretend to portray .
 There is a movement of late for the French to ATTEMPT to do -LRB- many -RRB- things a la Amerique , especially in movies by trying to capture the grande epic style of film that America does so well.Although Besson 's film , `` Le femme Nikita , '' is one of my top five favorites , he failed here ; and I fail to call myself his fan.Here are the problems : La pucelle was NEVER raped.Jehanne was compassionate towards English soldiers , peasants , etcShe was not insane , schizoid , or mentally ill in any way.She was very eloquent and could debate with the most learned men.The dialogue represents the 20th C.Weapons are wrong.Technical work is second-rate . Even the hair colour was wrong -LRB- she had black hair -RRB- . Besson uses La Pucelle as a vehicle for self-aggrandizement , and it was a poor attempt at that .
 I have read like three books on Joan of Arc and I have seen the mini-series on NBC , starring LeeLee Sobieski -LRB- I love you ! -RRB- . Everything I have seen or read about Joan of Arc , Jean d'Arc , was better than The Messenger . Joan was a kind , wonderful person but this movie made her look like a maniac that should be put away . Though I have to say Milla Jovovich played a wonderful crazy person . Joan 's visions were n't even correct . In the movie she saw some man that looked like Jesus , while in life she saw Saints , such as St. Catherine . The war scenes were gruesome , but I liked them ; they were realistic . Another thing wrong was how Joan found her sword . She did n't find it in a meadow , as if someone dropped it there and she found it . Her voices told her that the sword was in St.Catherine 's temple around the alter , so she sent some of her men to the temple and they found it buried by the alter just as she said . No one else knew it was there before . I was so upset after watching this movie , because it did n't show the true Joan of Arc . I would recomend reading Joan of Arc by Mark Twain to find the real Joan of Arc .
 Gosh , this film disagreed with me . Overlong , extremely shallow and with a tone that varies from comical slapstick to brutal fight sequences , watching this film at that cinema was a mind , heart and buttock-numbing exercise . Confirming the suspicion that Luc Besson is essentially a grown-up man with a child 's understanding of cinema , it 's stylish , inconsistent , and with no depth of any kind . The film seems like a terrible waste of talent - Jovovich 's edgy , verging-on-madness portrayal of the title character , whilst never particularly subtle , nonetheless explodes with gusto , and the battle sequences are highly entertaining in a grim and gritty , post - ` Excalibur ' style . The rest of the film is a mess , though . Jeanne 's heavenly visions contain the worst kind of cliched mid-80 's pop video imagery imaginable , not a single line of dialogue stands out -LRB- except for the well-known transcriptions of Jeanne 's trial , taken from court records of the time -RRB- , and Eric Serra 's music sounds rooted in the 1930 's , when it is n't using a ` Fifth Element ' - style breathy ` thrum ' noise . The tone veers alarmingly - the opening sequence features Asterix-style comic English soldiers , pantomime crooked teeth and all , brutally raping and murdering Jeanne 's sister . Later on , Jeanne 's expedition to attack Paris is reduced to a ` Monty Python and the Holy Grail ' - style ` attack the castle ' fiasco , whilst the ending tries a stab at indie art , with Dustin Hoffman as Jeanne 's ` conscience ' . And it 's much too long .
 I have seen three films based on the life of Joan of Arc , the Ingrid Bergman film from the late 1940 's , the video verison of the recent mini-series and this one , and this is , by far , the worst of the three . Historically , it is a farce , -LRB- Joan did in fact have a sister named Catherine , but she was not in any way harmed by the English , in fact , Joan 's village apparently only suffered one minor raid during the entire war -RRB- ... Bishop Cauchon , far from wanting to `` save Joan 's soul '' was the spearhead of the plot to completly discredit her and have her burned . Neither did she sign with an `` X `` one of her letters to the English garrisons around Orleans still survives in a museum and the signature , Jeanne , which is what she called herself is plain ... All period sources agree on how even tempered she was , becoming upset only on very rare occasions . The Joan of this film seems closer to a lunatic than the peasant girl who led an army . I will admit that the costuming is superb , as good as any I have ever seen . Joan 's spiritual side in this film is almost non-existent , shown only by her requests to hear Mass during her imprisonment . As it stands , I only give this film two star based on the cimenatography and the costuming ... The great `` Joan of Arc '' film is still to be made ...
 I admit to seeing the made-for-television version of Joan of Arc before viewing this version . If it makes a difference , I also read Mark Twain 's `` Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc '' that previous weekend , regardless of my dislike of Twain 's writing style . I admit to thinking of this logical , honest , and energetic historical figure as one of the most fascinating in history . So , after viewing the scewed version called `` The Messenger '' I am perhaps too biased to speak.The Joan portrayed in `` The Messanger '' comes off as tempermental , insecure , and ultimately insane . This is not the Joan that is recorded in history as a kind and forgiving peasant who touched the hearts of thousands by loving them , and who never spoke ill of anyone . This is not the Joan that led fifty intelligent judges in circles of words by answering calmly , consistently , and logically all answers that were intended to lead her to the stake . This is not the Joan who claimed to hear the voices of saints who informed her of events long before they happen . No , this `` messenger '' , in the midst of a cinematic mess , is a horrifying psychotic who doesnot possess the conviction that would make an army wake up let alone fight an imposible war.I did not like this movie . I leave you to make your own opinion , but consider that Joan of Arc was a seventeen-year-old peasant who claimed to hear heavenly voices , created a vast army and battle tactics that won back much of France , and was burned at the stake as a heretic before being declared a Saint . There are many interptretations of this historical figure , and although I am perhaps biased by my previous exposures , I do n't feel that `` the messenger '' should be one of them .
 With certainty , others may have more egregious nominees than this one ; however , this is perhaps my least favorite film ever . Which is not to say it is the least historically accurate , but it would win my vote for that distiinction as well.Jeanne d'Arc is my patron , and I watched the film in the hopes that it would provide insights that can not be depicted in words alone . What we do know of her is that at the very least she was humble , not only in origin but in practice . She also only spoke when pressed to do so . Having met understated practitioners of humility , none of them scream like a lunatic , which is exactly what Jeanne does in the movie for the entirety . The thought that a raving lunatic would sway nobility from a local baron to the dauphin that would become Charles VII is laughable.I really can not provide further detail because every scene entices such cringing from the woeful depiction that I conside having watched it an act of self mortification on my part.If you want a less distasteful , less distracting , less painful depiction of Jeanne d'Arc , look elsewhere .
 Milla Jovovich as Joan of Arc . No . I do n't think so . She tries , she really does . She invests her all into this role , and sometimes she does very well . But does she inspire legions of men to defend her and to defend France ? Does she convey the kind of passion and compassion that could inspire so many men to believe in her ? I think Jovovich errs too much in that she plays the role a little too far down the `` insanity '' line . This is a debate for some ... was Joan of Arc a holy , saintly woman who really heard voices or was she simply insane ? Who will ever know for sure ? In this portrayal though Jovovich overacts and instead of conveying the passion of someone for whom her religion is sacred she conveys insanity . The story of Joan of Arc has been done better and more convincingly , and this film , while visually stunning , does not compare to earlier versions . Nice try .
 There are so many things wrong with this movie , I 'm not quite sure where to begin ! I guess I could start with historical accuracy . I knew trouble was abrewin ' when I found out that John Malkovich was playing the French King Charles , who was actually only 19 years old ! Lots of silly , fictitious stuff was added about the various people at court who supposedly convinced Charles to betray Joan . And one of Joan 's big motivations was shown to be the rape and murder of her sister , which has no basis in fact.Second major problem
 What a waste of resources ... This biopic is completely by-the-book , telling the story in an academic , uninspired , predictable way . The characters are all cardboard , and lead Milla Jovovich is over-the-top and not credible as Joan of Arc . This movie has no spark or life whatsoever , moving at a snail ` s pace and failing to engage . The settings and costumes are decent , but that ` s all there is to find here.Director Luc Besson also made the useless `` The Fifth Element '' , and the style-over-substance perspective of that movie is present here , too . This is just a bunch of random fight sequences and melodramatic moments that go nowhere and generate a messy cinematic experience . A lackluster movie and one to avoid .
 I guess like most people who bought/rented this dvd , I am a huge fan of medieval flicks . Granted , most films set in this period are bereft of historical accuracy ; Braveheart and Robin Hood Prince of Thieves being two obvious examples . But if the film is a genuine masterpiece then such concerns are - within reason - mere side-issues . But this effort from luc besson is no masterpiece - not by any manner of means . The rot stems from Milla Jovovich 's catastrophic portrayal of Joan of Arc . If I was French I 'd be mortified at the thought of seeing that nation 's most revered heroine depicted as a screaching harpie . The character of Joan comes across as downright irritating and , quite frankly , ridiculous.What vestige of credibility may have remained was scattered to the four winds in the scene when the English Army refused to fight the French with Joan as their general . After all , this is the same band of soldiers that brutally killed and raped a member of Joan 's family only a few years before -LRB- apparently -RRB-
 The first fifteen minutes of the film are mesmerizing as young Joan of Arc is explored with her leanings towards enjoying confession and how she got her calling . A fascinating openning.The only justification for the two stars I gave it.Then unfortuneately , Mila Jovanivich takes over as the grown up Joan of Arc . A very unfortunate casting choice . She runs the gamut of acting emotions ranging from a to b . She gawks in amazement and her eyes bulge with absolutely nothing underneath . She is unconvincing and annoying in this role.To add to this , her hair color changes from scene to scene . One scene she is blonde then she is brunette . Is this to distract us from her acting ? Is this a God given hair color change ? Or is it a vision from Clairol?Faye Dunaway and John Malkovich give good performances but they are not in enough of the movie to save it . By the time Dustin Hoffman shows up at the end , who even cares?Aside from the great opening , the hole mishmash shows no insight into Joan of Arc . After the fascinating opening -- the ball is dropped and that is the director and lead actor 's fault . Lead a nation in battle ? This woman ca n't lead a movie.Haven ' t seen other versions of the Joan of Arc Story but this definitely is n't the one to see .
 It seems that Luc Besson is capable of reaching deep inside of this Milla Jojovich and bringing out a beautiful monster . Her portrayal of one of the least understood of our most famous icons is intense , and thoughtful - bringing the viewer full circle around the character of Joan of Arc.Unfortunately , Jojovich is the the only relief from what is a long and generously violent flick . There are a number of `` spirtual '' moments in the film which deal with her supposed communication with God . However , it is apparent that Besson has his predetermined notions as to whether Joan of Arc was indeed divine or disturbed and we are never really given the opportunity to consider the other.Unfortunately for Besson , this is the first movie to involve knights , castles , and battles since Braveheart -LRB- Gibson , 1995 -RRB- which seems to have become the obvious comparison . Even the `` revenge '' story is not dissimilar enough from the Braveheart `` righteous revenge '' theme to encourage excitement about The Messenger.Even an `` Obi-Wan Kenobi '' style performance from Dustin Hoffman does not detract from the fact that by the time you have sat through The Messenger , you will really feel that you have seen it all before .
 I actually give this 21/2 stars . After watching Milla Jovovitch in The Fifth Element , I was enchanted . So much facial expression and wonderful potential as a great actress . Her acting does n't disappoint in this film either . The others in the cast are in top form also ; John Malkovitch , Dustin Hoffman , Faye Dunaway all give wonderful performances . The photography is stunning , the battles are exhilarating . And yet the movie falls short because of the poor presentation . There was no real connection , flow , or even story line between the battle sequences and her dream sequences . The editing fell short in tying the remarkable individual elements into one sensible theme . As another reviewer mentioned , it would have been better if this movie had less going for it from the start , such as the superb acting and extraordinary visuals . By the time we get toward the end of the movie when her conscious appears , I just wanted the movie to end .
 This film is quite confusing . The possibility of Jeanne being a prophet is imposibble a -RRB- she cant perform any tricks and b -RRB- cant predict the future . She is a girl who is very eager to go into war with english most likely for revenge . She claims that god talks to her and tells her what to do . 2 and a half hours the film is long and quite boring near the end you cant decide whether its god or the devil Jeanne is consulting with . Oh and she goes into war Braveheart style gets badly injured but is still eager to go back and fight . I can give you one reason to watch this film Mila Jovovich thats about it .
 NOW what ? For the life of me , I ca n't imagine why Besson thought that the world needed -LRB- yet -RRB- another Joan of Arc movie . The `` real '' Joan was n't even considered important in France until the 1800 's , when her story was resurrected -LRB- and embellished - current scholarship doubts whether Orleans was actually under siege at all ! -RRB- But -LRB- sigh -RRB- , he decided to give it his * treatment * , and this is what we end up with
 The woman in this movie was no saint . How can anybody who signs their faith over to save their own neck be a saint ? And then she goes and admits that she did everything for her own revenge . Was God in this movie at all ??? I doubt it . The devil was in it though and Joan surely goes straight to Hell after she is killed . I was expecting an uplifting movie about a woman of God . Instead I got a movie about some nut .
 I had to stop after 15 min when the gum chewing mediaeval girls started saying `` YO ! DUDE ! FER SHURE ~ ! DIG IT!being somewhat facetious but thats how it was
 Another example of how Hollywood can take a great story and make it painfully drull . The dialogue is laughable -LRB- completely comtemporary -RRB- , the attribution and manifestation of Joan 's madness utter nonsense , and it was probably Hoffman 's worst perfomance in a movie in well over 20 years . Braveheart it is Not .
 I started to wastch this pathetic excuse for a movie and was so irate after the first 10 minutes that I had to leave the room . waht the reviewer says about the Violence does not scatch the surface in the opening scene we see much more than is nessacary or within the bounds of good taste I would not recomend this movie to anyone and the point of the story is better illustated in the tv version called Joan of Arc which is a beautiful Masterpiece TRUST ME rent JOAN OF ARC instead of this horrendous disaster
 My biggest problem with the movie is that it does n't give any rhyme or reason as to why anyone , least of all the King , would follow her . It does not explain how Joan became known as the Maid of Lorraine or why the `` peasants '' would love her . She acted pretty much psychotic and very high-strung throughout the entire movie -LRB- based on the fact that she saw her sister raped even though this is not historical -RRB- . The woman in that movie noone would have followed.My other major problem with the movie is the `` visions '' . They made absolutely no sense , and instead of getting a sense of `` God '' -LRB- goodness , light , etc -RRB- . You just get a dark feeling ... ugh ...
 If it wasnt for the fact that I knew that Joan was gon na be burnt at the stake I wouldnt have made it through the movie ! Well ... thats not true , IOnce I start ANY movie , I cant stop watching till its over . Anyways , the acting in this movie was horrible , Joans character was so un-charismatic that I would have a hrad time believing that an Army of women would follow her to the mall , yet alone an army of men following her into battle !
 This review may sound pretentious and ignorant , but in truth I 'm a big fan of British history , so bear with me!Even as a film itself , it 's surreal , and I do n't like the acting . But as with any historical film that includes the British , they 're made out to be the absolute bad guys ! Sure we were forging an empire within France -LRB- i.e. . The Hundred Years War -RRB- , but rapists and murdering pillagers !? Never!Historically accurate , full of British sentiment , and down-right weird . Avoid this film today , folks !
 An ignorant review wrote that this movie was the truth and based on historical fact . This was an ignorant judgement and one that 's being made by anyone who has anything against religion . Nothing on this film was based on fact . Joan 's sister was not raped . A sword did n't appear out of nowhere . Joan did n't have some weird conscience friend questioning her . And in reality , Joan was articulate and compelling.The truth about Joan of Arc is not found in this film or in Psychology Today . ITS FOUND IN THE HISTORICAL DOCUMENTS , THE TRIAL TRANSCRIPTS.And while Joan was human and not a plaster saint , many testified at her trial about her compassion , her courage and her sincere faith.To quote from Ron Maxwell 's review : `` She came to be a liberator at the head of armies because she earned their trust , because she was self-less , she was viscerally connected with her people , she was authentic , she was faithful and she was loving -- immensely loving . That is partly an understanding of her power -- the power to rally soldiers , inspire the common people , win over princes and prelates , and the power to endure in our hearts over the centuries . All else is mystery . The inability to distinguish between what is historical and what is mysterious , compounded by the inadequacy in rigorously pursuing either choice , is the failure of this motion picture . `` If you 're an atheist against those with religion , please read the historical facts before coming to a conclusion about who this person really was.Oh yes , the acting 's bad too ...
 This is quite possibly one of the worst films ever conceived . Not just made , but conceived . Milla Jovovich ca n't act her way out of a wet paper bag . I thought The Fifth Element illustrated that . The following people wasted their time and talent on this project
 This movie was 100 % perfect , except Faye Dunaway should have caked some make-up on and played Joan of Arc herself . She has limitless talents and would have brought the movie what is was missing -- a truly spiritual heroine . I 'm telling you , Faye Dunaway was born to play this part . One can only hope of a re-make , and soon !
 An unusual movie , but ultimately an embarassing failure . Beautiful cinematography and costuming can not rescue this false , bloated , at times ridiculous , reprise of the story of Jeanne d'Arc . The problems can be stated precisely
 8 out of 10 for technos ; 3 out of 10 for drama ; 1 out of 10 for history . Besson 's Joan is a raving vengeful femme and bears no resemblance to the real Joan of Arc , so well documented by dozens of scholars . Do n't for one minute be fooled by his revisionist Joan ; the real woman was a real star and a saint . I was left with a feeling of anger , as if a fraud had been perpetrated , because Besson 's Joan simply can not have achieved the heroism that the real Joan so patently did . Her trial and life are among the most well-documented of any historical figure , and Besson 's Joan disavows or ignores what the best scholarship has long established . A modernist gothic horror it might be , but it 's cheap cinema -LRB- because this Joan is just not credible -RRB- and even cheaper fiction . Do n't infect your children with this a-history .
 I decided to intentionally not watch this movie on the big screen , after hearing reviews from several people . I then was n't sure if I wanted see the movie at all , but I broke down and rented it anyway , as I am a big fan of Joan of Arc.From the moment I read about her sister 's rape on the cover , I knew I 'd have a difficult time watching this movie , since that event never happened . After watching the whole thing , I found that my initial impressions were correct . This movie was just a movie , _ not _ a historical documentary , which is something to definitely keep in mind . It would 've been nice if Besson had referenced the trial transcripts for a better idea of how Joan actually lived , but alas.I -LRB- generously -RRB- give a rating of one star , only because this work has spread a little more awareness of the life and death of Joan of Arc . I would also give this movie two enthusiastic thumbs down , except for the battle scenes , and Besson did n't even get all of those right , so a somewhat shaky one thumb up for the battle scenes . The reason for this rating is quite simple - Monty Python and the Holy Grail was much more historically accurate than easily at least half of this hellishly awful piece-of - ... movie that rotted sea monkeys could 've done better with . It 's much more entertaining , as well.The beginning did not impress me at all . I found the scrolling white text to be rather small , and I had to pause to read what was trying to be conveyed . Also , Joan did not find her sword as it was portrayed in this movie . -LRB- Why a small shepherdess would need a huge sword to tend sheep is still beyond me . -RRB- I did n't really care for the hooked-on-drugs vision in the forest , either.The scene in which Joan 's sister was raped may have been appropriate if the event had actually happened . I found it to be distasteful , especially as there were so many things in Joan 's life that Besson could have chosen to emphasize . The invention of a falsity to `` enhance '' an already miraculous story just strikes me as ridiculous.The scene where Joan rushes in to drink from the communion chalice is not accurate at all . Speaking as a Catholic liturgist , the Blood of Christ -LRB- communion wine after consecration -RRB- was and still is never stored in the tabernacle -LRB- where the extra consecrated bread goes after communion -RRB- , which would have been locked anyway . Joan also would not have had access to drinking the wine to begin with . She was not full of manufactured rage , as Besson would like us to think . Lisa Simpson from television 's `` The Simpsons '' was more accurately portrayed , as far as young Joans go . `` Who , me ? But I 'm just a little girl ! `` Joan also never said anything about God being angry with the English ... the trial records clearly state that she did n't know if God was against the English , but he wanted them out of France . The scene with the arrow in her chest was very touching , but she went straight back to the battle , and the battle was won that same day , NOT the next day as shown . The more exciting storyline in this section lies in actual fact - how amazing!I do like how Milla plays Jehanne , except for the unnecessary hysterics . -LRB- I liked Milla in `` The Fifth Element '' and in `` Zoolander '' , too . -RRB- I also liked the concept of Dustin Hoffman 's role . This was a nice spin on things , along with the symbolic meaning of Joan 's hair turning from lightness to darkness through the course of the movie . I also liked how John Malkovich played Charles , and appreciated that Besson was accurate in the `` Find the Dauphin '' game.History records Joan wearing male clothing during the trial , and with her head shaved for the burning . The miter Joan wore on `` stake day '' was noticeably absent . A cross was not held up as Joan 's body burned ; it was a crucifix -LRB- amazing what difference a little body makes -RRB- . I am now wondering about how many other things I 've missed , since I was too bewildered at Besson 's storytelling approach to write most of my thoughts down . Factual accuracy aside , this movie could have been made into so much more . It 's highly disappointing , yet somewhat pretty to look at if you are n't aware of `` the real story '' . Bleaach . See `` The Passion of Joan of Arc '' by Carl Dreyer instead ! At least that made Ebert 's top 100 great movies list .
 Well , after just finished watching this rather , er , unusual video , I can finally give my honest opinion . First of all , I can agree with many others that the historical accuracy left something to be desired seeing as how much of today 's generation seems to take historical movies as the whole truth and nothing but the truth . As for the acting , I found her to be rather , shall we say , odd ? As I stared at her I could n't help myself wonder if she was about to scream in rage and burst into flames . It would make someone wonder if she was sane of mind . In my opinion , the actress who played Joan of Arc made her appear to be a religeous nut case and a complete lunatic . And as far as the comment one of the other reviewers made saying only a '' ... religeous fanatic ... Pat Robertson . '' would ever buy this video , I ca n't help perhaps think the contrary . I was rather disturbed seeing Christ protrayed as a rather frightening man with almost lunatic seeming eyes and an expression of one about to be executed . In any case , presenting all these down sides , I can at least say that at least the movie had some good special effects and recreating some of those moments were good . I 'd comment on the good acting if it was n't downright unnerving watching it .
 excellent supporting cast , terrible lead actress and sooo incredibly long . oh , and dustin hoffman mumbles at the end . a must not see .
 This movie of Joan of Arc is the WORST representation of her life ever produced . The history is not very accurate and Joan 's mission was totally missed . The director seems to have forgotten that this 19 yr old girl was the catylst that eventually ended the Hundred Years War , but under God 's command . This is a cheezy `` Hollywood '' production ; looks are very deceiving . Do n't waste your money . If you are truly interested in seeing a GOOD and more accurate movie , I suggest THE PASSION OF JOAN OF ARC , the 1928 silent film , or JOAN OF ARC with Leelee Sobieski , from 1999 .
 For the easily pleased , simple-minded , less discriminating viewers only . John Malkovich and Dustin Hoffman could n't even save this one . I even think their characters dragged this story down , but there was so little hope and promise from the moment this movie was conceived . Mila what 's her name was so thoroughly annoying and unconvincing throughout this mess I just wanted to fast forward to the end to see her burn . At least it has a happy ending . The best thing I can say about this movie is it took pathetic and lame to new heights .
 Joan was not crazy , was not a schizophrenic , and did not look like that . This movie tarnishes her memory . If I had lightening bolts , I would strike down the crew and actors of this movie , who BLATANTLY decided to throw away pure fact and focus instead on `` Can we make a lot of money of this instead of telling the truth ?? CAN WE ??!! '' Disagree ? ... I am very vehement about this subject and would be glad to prove you wrong ... I mean ... talk with you about this .
 Where to start with what is wrong ... The costumes and weapons are not the correct period , Jesus has fair skin and blue eyes . Joan has black hair not blond , the accents are all over Europe and not correct for the English or French except the few times a real Frenchmen is cast , and because of research done by French historians such as Roger Caratini , Its clear today that Joan 's influce in battle was less leading the charge and more along for the ride.Lets not talk about the acting , but rather the over acting . I would n't go after every actor but Mila J goes from wimpering idiot straight to wild eyed loon at the drop of a hat.The real Joan of Arc was zealot that heard voices yet was charismatic enough to rally the French at a critical time and was sold out to the English when her usefulness to crazy ratio dipped too low . This movie portrays her as a raving loon that got what was coming to her .
 i ran into blockbuster excited to watch this movie . i am a big fan of joan and i like many others had big expectations for the movie . this movie was done the wrong way in many ways possible . who made the idea to have `` joan of arc '' the savior of the republic of france , to make her into a total lunatic ? i know she had a minor case of epilepsy but she 's not no EMILY ROSE . -LRB- in case you dont know emily rose she was a girl who was a epileptic that was so intence she was supposely possessed by demons . -RRB- how can u do such a thing ? they made joan so annoying i didnt want to watch it no more . the action was not good at all . u could tell some of the cast of the movie were atheists because they made it look like those signs were not real . those signs were left by GOD and they were not by coincedence . dont bother pick it up and if you do , i doubt u will watch it again . this is the miami reviewer . PEACE .
 I do n't think I 've ever been more disappointed in a movie . This was historically inaccurate beyond belief . It almost seemed like it was making Joan out to be the villain . If you want to see a good movie on Joan Of Arc , see the `` Joan Of Arc '' movie that was on TV .
 Is the director French ? Is Joan not a French heroine ? If the answer is yes to both questions , then I have a hard time understanding why Besson makes her `` confess '' that all her great deeds were a mistake . It does n't bother me to interpret Joan of Arc as a lunatic - for all I know she may have been schizophrenic indeed ! -LRB- What else makes you hear voices ? -RRB- What I do n't like is the notion that Joan herself lost faith in her own cause , questioned her own motives and regretted what she did , as apparently Besson makes her do at the end . That 's not my idea of a heroine or hero .
 Despite a promising start , I found the movie extremely disappointing.There was some good acting but the storyline completely distorted the message of Joan of Arc.Instead of the courageous and noble young lady that I believe her to have been , in this post-modernistic , oversophisticated era of cheap thrills she is portrayed as a pschotic , ultraneurotic who the movie seems to suggest was motivated by selfish and bloodthirsty reasons which anyone who has studied Joan of Arc would know is not true -LRB- Read or see George Bernhard Shaw 's Saint Joan which shows more genius in one sentence than this movies wise guy writers and producers could ever write in their collective lifetimes -RRB- I am going to see the other Joan of Arc video and hope it is better than this one and reflects the genuine values of freedom and justice which so many older movies -LRB- but also quite a few new ones -RRB- more satisfyingly portray
 The Messenger
 `` The Messenger
 Being a person who admired the Joan of Arc of our history , I was very much looking forward to the releasal of `` The Messenger . '' I had hoped it would portray Joan in an updated version . How wrong I was.For starters , the movie ran just too long . Movies that are long that people do n't mind , such as `` Forrest Gump '' are tolerated because they were good . This movie was just plain bad.Aside from the fact there are fabricated characters such as Dustin Hoffman 's `` Conscious , '' it was historically inaccurate . John Malkovich was too old to play Charles , the interactions Joan had with the English were looked over in order to spruce up the special effects of the wars and it just simply concentrated on the wrong topics of her story . I wanted to know more about Joan , not watch the soldiers brutalize each other.The great disservice this screenplay did was portray Joan as insane rather than having a gift from God . Only a few `` miracles '' were actually illustrated , such as Joan picking Charles out of a crowd . Jovovich 's portrayal of Joan as a shuddering , twitching mental patient was simply unnerving , not at all enlightening . Historic reports indicated that Joan was not at all like the movie version -- quite the opposite in fact.This movie is also more graphic than I could bear . The raping of her sister 's corpse was just plain disgusting -- as well as false . This did not happen and Joan 's visions began way before any catastrophe ... The Messenger concentrates too much on special effects and the action factor of war . Joan is dismissed as a saint in this movie and merely portrayed as an insane woman who pretty much got lucky with people listening to her rants . I have never been so disgusted in my life with a biopic , which is usually what we expect -- a factual version of a historical figure . My recommendation is to SKIP this ... and look up an older version of the movie or check out PBS ' website for information on specials of Joan of Arc -- they care more about facts than special effects and shock value ...
 Not only is Joan of Arc presented as a nut in this film , she 's clearly tripping on speed
 If you think that this is an inspiring movie such as Braveheart which Mel Gibson acted so brilliantly as Sir Richard Wallace , you would be extremely disappointed with this offering . Luc Besson 's movies are always interesting to watch with beautiful cinematography & French flair . But this latest offering , despite it still shares those traits , it could become disillusioned at times . I could n't stand Milla Jovovich running around the set screaming her head off . If I were one of her soldiers , I would n't be inspired by her at all to fight for France . Rather , the English looked more like those civilised type . With due respect , Milla is not a bad actress after seeing her in the Fifth Element & her minor role as the prostitute in You 've Got Game with Denzel Washington . So , the decision for her to depict Joan as that mad woman is questionable . The part of her arguing with her conscience acted by Dustin Hoffman is like watching X Files , you want to know the truth but the truth you shall not find . At times , I just wished that she could be burned & done with so that I could get on with life . Well , a completely forgettable film & I would n't dream of watching it one more time , just like putting myself over a guillotine . Having said that , Faye Dunaway & John Malkovich were superb in their amoral roles being calculative , manipulative , conniving to serve their own interests .
 I have n't seen this movie since it came out at the theaters , but what I do remember is walking out on the movie . I see , on average , at least 2 movies per week - just because we like movies . Many of them have been great , most reasonably entertaining , a few real stinkers , but I have only walked out on two movies . The first was `` Highlander 2 '' , which was a great disapointment since we loved `` Highlander '' 1 and the second was `` The Messenger '' . What I remember about the movie was wondering if the star had slept with someone to get the part , she was that awful . All she seemed to do was scream and screech , I ca n't believe anyone , let alone a king and an army , would follow her into battle.I felt that the writer and director had no respect for Joan d'Arc , the historical person . It was n't a matter of letting you decide if she was hearing God or was just crazy , they made it very clear she was just plain crazy . They made the character of Joan so unlikeable , you were actually rooting for the English , or at the very least you did n't care what happened to her.Shortly after this movie was released , television released another version `` Joan of Arc '' starring Leelee Sobieski that was far superior in every way.If you want to spend your money on a copy of Joan of Arc , try to find the TV version .
 In the opening scene a thirteen-year-old Joan of Arc witnesses English soldiers burning her village and raping and murdering her sister . This much is true
 Full of inaccuracies and anachronisms , `` Joan '' looks like she has been doing aerobics for years and has a Hollywood stylist as well . Avoid !
 Well , you can be sure you 'll be treated to your fair share of glorious Plantagenet hairdos if you rent this DVD . Almost everyone in the -LRB- fabulous -RRB- cast - even John Malkovich - has one . But alas the hair styles are about the only source of genuine cheer ; almost everything else is a let-down . Malkovich had a peach of a part as the dastardly , conniving Dauphin , but played it amazingly straight , with nary a hint of the cheeky chappie the role was crying out for . What would Alan Rickman have made of it , I wonder . Or even Bruce Willis?He certainly was n't helped by the dreadful pacing of the first half - it is a full hour before Joan has even got her army , let alone used it - the first 60 minutes being devoted to tedious back story leading to Joan 's appearance in the Dauphin 's court ; by turns voyeuristic -LRB- was she a virgin ? Spend ten minutes finding out ! -RRB- , gratuitously violent -LRB- the murder and necrophilia of Joan 's sister -RRB- , and just plain daft -LRB- recurring visions of a remarkably camp Jesus in a forest surrounded by wolves -RRB- . The gratuitous violence is a serious blight on the film ; the murder/rape scene was arguably relevant to the plot but still was depicted with more detail and relish than necessary , and the remainder of the film overflows with dogs , wolves and crows gobbling human carrion and more battlefield amputations and decapitations than probability would dictate . I 'm sure these earned the film its 18 restriction when , fundamentally , it could have quite easily avoided them.But for all the above , I think the main problem with this film is Luc Besson himself . The early stages are laden with meaningless cliches - wolves streaming through the forest , girl running through meadows - and laboured imagery -LRB- crucifix , fire , dripping blood and a combination thereof -RRB- which get the film off to a bad start from which it never recovers.And thereafter Besson unwisely tries to have a bob each way . On one hand , he takes the historically faithful/dramatised documentary angle - this is really how it happened , you see - but on the other he plays the dreamy , psychedelic/quasi-spiritual card at the same time . Which is n't how it happened , at all.Most peculiar were Joan 's visions of Jesus . It really is n't clear what we are meant to take from these
 As a movie , certainly entertaining , but do n't look for anything historical here since it must have been a Joan from an alternate universe being depicted . For example , in this movie Joan has deep angst about her sword she may have found in a field.While in fact this Sword : '' - -- In place of the sword offered to her she described in detail the location and appearance of a sword in the Chapel of St Catherine de Fierbois . It was found deeply buried exactly where she had described and the blade was so covered in rust it would have been impossible for her to describe it without having seen it before . The rust readily fell off when the blade was wiped . -- `` Perhaps this film is a conspiracy of the irreverent , irreligious and atheistic working to `` deconstruct '' Joan ; to convince a modern , uninformed audience she was a raving schizoid lunatic leading the superstitiously ignorant to lucky victory ; with a flaming end . Or not.Aside from that , I found it entirely entertaining filled with arrow sticking battle scenes and screaming mayhem . Once I brainwashed myself into believing that actress Milla Jovovich was portraying a personality from the bizzaro world instead of a real-life historically significant figure , I actually enjoyed the film.I give it 5 stars minus 3:1 For Milla Jovovich1 For the incredible exciting siege sequence-1 for being magnificently historically inaccurate-1 For conning me to believe this was a movie about Joan of Arc-1 For being so unfaithful to her hard to believe true story making up stuff when it 's so easy to Google it out the Real Deal otherwise -LRB- hmm , insult my intelligence comes to mind ... -RRB- Buy it for the two stars though , the siege IS really good ...
 Having been a student of and an admirer of St. Joan for many years , the only good things I can say about this film is that is is -LRB- 1 -RRB- grossly insulting , -LRB- 2 -RRB- woefully inaccurate , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- laughable . The raving maniac nutcase portrayed by Milla Jovavich bears no resemblance whatsoever to the real Joan , who was motivated not out of bloodlust or desire for glory , but simply out of love for God . It was Joan 's deep and abiding faith that enabled her to inspire and to lead her country men ; Besson 's film in no way whatsoever even attempts to addresss that faith . Joan 's faith was and is the key to understanding how she was able to accomplish what she did and to understanding how her story continues to hold so much facination for us today . For whatever reason , Besson chose to diss that faith -LRB- maybe he thought that such a `` trival '' thing would be too boring for modern audiences -RRB- and chose instead to portray Joan as an avenger-type -LRB- and one mentally and emotionally deranged , at that -RRB- who is bent on revenge . Sorry , either now or in the 15th century , I ca n't see anyone who would follow THAT type out of a paper bag , much less to war . If you want to see an accurate portrayal of Joan , I recommend sinking your hard-earned bucks into the Carl Dreyer silent classic `` The Passion of Joan of Arc , '' or into Ingrid Bergman 's 1948 Joan of Arc film . But as for `` The Messenger '' -- return to sender !
 i think the producer of this movie should convince some other sucker that it has some value-i am returning it . i think it takes a lot for me to have cognited a movie is so bad only a fool would make or watch . despite joan 's life being well documented by official records it was conceived in the recesses of someone 's mind-a fairy tale . for example her mother was not raped or murdered , joan was never near death from an arrow she took in the shoulder . yes she could not read or write but what she dictated was extremely ariculate for example the letter to the duke of bedford in the city of orleans . not what we got in the movie . joan to me was much more articulate than the writer in this movie . lastly , based upon the public records i have briefly read i surmise she was someone who could grin once in a while and a girl of good humor and respectful to the future king . not some wild eyed screaming fanatic portrayed . there should have been some atempt to account the life of such a great life .
 I did n't like this movie at all ... and not just because it was so historically inacurrate . I found the acting to be atrocious . . and when Dustin Hoffman did his big `` vision scene '' at the end all I could think was `` sword in a field . . definitely a sword in a field '' -LRB- picture a `` Rainman '' type voice here -RRB- the only one who had any talent whatsoever was the little girl playing young Joan.As far as historical accuracy , the only thing that had any semblance to fact was Joan always going to confession . The visions were n't correct , the characters were so poorly conceived they were comical.Bottom line , if you know nothing about Joan of Arc and would like to learn more , do n't watch this movie . If you want to see this character portrayed in a realistic manner and very close to what we know about her historically , do n't watch this movie . If you have any kind of knowledge of this aspect of french history you will be disappointed . You 're better off renting the CBS miniseries .
 This movie has 1 redeming quality-it introdues the modernviewer to the art of war , especially the devestation brought aboutduring a siege . I liked the way the movie took you through all the different phases of a battle ; the rallying of the troops , the pre-fighting taunting , the use of siege towers , etc. . What amazed me is how much this movie stole from Braveheart . The scenes involving Joan addressing the troops before the charge and the boiling oil falling on the helpless battering ram chargers made me think I put the wrong tape in .
 I have had an interest in the story about Joan of Arc ever since I learned about her in 6th grade history , so when I found out they made a movie about her , I wanted to see it . Sadly the movie is highly inaccurate to the story about the young French warrior maiden who saved her country . They start off with her childhood -LRB- might I add she was 13 when she first heard her voices , not 7 or 8 like the movie seems to think -RRB- where she watches the murder and rape of her sister . Joan did have a sister , a younger sister not one who was between the ages 16-18 . While I think that Milla Jovovich is a tallented actress she was n't right for the role in this movie , she made Joan of Arc seem like a lunatic . To make things worse her voices seem very satanic . If you want my advice avoid this movie and watch the Joan of Arc movie with Leelee Sobieski , it is very intertaining and has a more realistic view of Joan .
 This is easily the worst movie I 've ever seen . I ca n't believe I paid to see it in a theater . This was even worse than when I paid $ 25 -LRB- I was in Japan -RRB- to see Twister . I was surprised to find out that this was a Luc Besson film , because La Femme Nikita was good and The Professional had a lot of soul , too . I think by the time he made the 5th Element , Besson had totally lost his mind and good taste . This movie stunk in a very big way from start to finish . And it was long , it seemed an eternity . There 's a few talented actors in the movie -LRB- Dustin Hoffman , John Malkovich -RRB- but they pretty much stink in it too . Every aspect of the film was bad , but probably the worst was the acting of the young woman who plays Joan . Not only unbelievable , but annoying and unlikeable . Also , the unnecessary violence really left me feeling dirty when the movie was finished . I hope nobody buys or rents this video , not to punish Besson , but simply because nobody should have to sit through this . But of course they will because of the big names in it .
 Well as a student of History , this movie is to say the least , pittiful . The acting is so bad some of the fighting sequences are laughable . The young women who plays Joan , should go back to acting school , she only seems to have two levels crazy , and crazy screaming . The only good thing about the film were the sets and costumes .
 When this film came out at the cinema , I thought it would be the usual cliched , mainstream action film . So I never bothered to see it . As I had nothing to do the other day , I just decided to borrow it from a friend . And I have to say , it 's not very often that I expect nothing of a film and get a lot less than I expected . Vin Diesel is laughable in his role as a super-hero agent , the script is weak , uninteresting and non-believable . The action sequences are also non-believable and mediocre at best and not as `` mind-blowing '' , as the trailer would lead you to believe . The only reason I can think of for the making of this movie is to satisfy bored teens .
 Vim Diesel is even a worse actor than Richard Gere ! He should consider to work as a doorman again !! I give it 2 stars , because sometimes I am to lazy to think at the movies . So brainless entertainement is sometimes quite fun .
 Okay . How can anyone actually give this movie even 3 stars ? Diesel 's arrogance may be a little amusing at the beginning -- I actually thought it was going to be a comedy -- but the bridge stunt was stupid . Stupid
 XXX was horrible ! I did n't expect TOO much from Vin Diesel in the first place , but he was even WORSE than I had expected . This movie had a pathetic plot , stupid dialogue , and the most far-out fake action sequences I 've seen in years . I do not understand what the hype is about XXX . The main reason why I kept watching was to see more of Samuel L. Jackson , but even his role was n't worth my time , and I LOVE Samuel L. Jackson . If you just have to see it because of him , let me give you a word of advice
 I saw this because I had heard it was good . I mean it did really well at the Box-Office , so I figured , this cant be bad . Thought it would be a high-octane Bond movie . But to even mention Bond here would make every Bond ever , puke . -LRB- including Timothy Dalton -RRB- . The way this movie starts says it all . Vin steals a Car and runs it off a bridge , then jumps out and parachutes down before gravity takes over . Sounds cool does n't it , but hold on , as he is driving the car he is looking into a camcorder he has with him , broadcasting his adventure over the airways , and amidst the banter he actually says `` you have entered the Zander Zone '' . What the ... !!! And it does not get better after that . For the next 45-50 minutes I sat there and heard cheesy line after cheesy line until I just got feed up and turned it off . Admittedly I did not see the entire film , though I seriuously doubt it got any better . The Fast and the Furious was a decent movie over all it had its problems but it lacked the cheesy lines . And though XXX had Samuel L. to try and give it some credibilty , even his role was far under par for him . Though he did not have a line as bad as the `` they called me mr. glass '' banter that ended Unbreakable , his performance was still horrible . When they make XXX 2 , they should just make it a silent film , then it might be entertaining because you would not have to listen to a ... script . Everyone involved with that script should look for a new career because that was horrible . Over all I would not wish my worst enemy would have to sit through this film . Personally I would rather check out the new Steven Segal flick , though he is the worst actor ever born , he does not try the cheesy line bit .
 i heard this was to surpass james bond . I think not . The actions scenes were decent , but the story -LSB- was n't -RSB- . It was played on a second grade level . You know whats going to happen from the very beggining . dont waste your time watching this pathetic movie .
 `` XXX '' and `` Austin Powers '' take their love for James Bond in opposite directions but end up in pretty much the same place . Unfortunately , only one of them is meant to be funny . It 's hard to imagine a film so bad you could accurately describe it as a blot on Danny Trejo 's resum&eacute; , but here it is . I 've heard Vin Diesel liken this to `` the climax scenes from every action movie ever made , all rolled into one . '' He 's right . But writer Rich Wilkes and director Rob Cohen seem to have forgotten that a climax is only exciting as the payoff to something else
 This movie is a good one to rent if there isnt anything else u have to watch . The story line is bad . U can guess what is going to happen all the time . Do not buy this movie
 I would rate this movie as just `` Interesting '' . The acting is terrible and I started to get tired of all the one liners . Vin Diesel did an ok job for a B-Actor , but the supporting actors acting was laughable . It reminded me of the cheesy robo-cop movies . I found the action on par and pretty good . Better than high profile movies such as Mission Impossible 2 -LRB- Although , the motorcycle stunts are quite far fetched . -RRB- This movie was interesting to watch , but just that . It was ok to watch once , but I would n't buy it .
 Back to a more blatant Bond imitator , this 2002 stunt and gadget laden spy adventure boasted how it was going to usurp 007 's throne by providing `` a new breed of hero '' in the form of shaven headed , tattoed extreme sports star , Xander Cage , played by Vin Diesel . It laboured this claim by opening with a Bond style agent being killed in embarrassing circumstances . As it turned out , few people were tired with the `` old style '' agent , as box office profits for that year 's Bond , Die Another Day , soon put paid to Vin Diesal 's crowing about 007 being old hat.The problem with Xander Cage was that his grunge image was never going to win over the female following that 007 's more refined but dark persona commanded ; I mean , ladies , Vin Diesal or Piece Brosnan ? Which one would you prefer to share the duvet with ? Also the film itself lacked the classy , expert construction that even the bad Bond films like Moonraker could at least boast.That apart , XXX is enjoyable action and did well enough to prompt further missions for Mr Cage . However , its failure to live up to its stated mission of ousting Mr. Bond left Vin Diesal rather egg faced and he tactfully withdrew to concentrate on the proposed Chronicles of Riddick trilogy . This proved another egg facing experience ; the first film flopped and the remaining two have been shelved.Having burnt is bridges , Vin Diesal 's Xander Cage was killed off for XXX2 - The Next Level and replaced by Ice Cube as Darius Stone -LRB- Vin Diesal ? Ice Cube ? What is with the names ? -RRB- Bond director Lee Tamahori was drafted in to oversee proceedings with the new agent playing out a Die Hard style storyline . It was universally panned and XXX has gone Ex-Ex-Ex !
 While waiting for the next 007 film to hit screens , I was hoping that we would have another crime fighting spy that could keep us occupied until then . I 'm still waiting . Once I heard Vin Diesel was to star , the film had lost all hope and excitement . Diesel does n't have star quality . He has no character . No presence . No charm . He 's like a brick wall . A monotonous robot with a voice that sounds like someone is rubbing brick on a cheese grater . He has the tough muscles to be an action hero , but he does n't have any acting talent to pull it off . Why this guy is being made such a big deal out of is beyond me . There 's nothing there . It is ridiculous and pathetic reading reviews stating that Bond is over and all that . In their dreams . Bigger , over the top violence and bigger muscles does n't make a spy or spy film even remotely better . One reviewer said that maybe in another 18 XXX films , someone will shoot Xander Cage and a new spy will take over . Why wait ? . How about we shoot him now ? . Even the thought of this film lasting that long is laughable . 2 or 3 maybe . It does n't have legs . The action is pretty good , but a lot of it is a little too over the top . Very unbelieveable . Of course , that does n't matter much in films like these , but one would want something that is more breathtaking and exciting , rather than laugh out loud funny for being so preposterous . Samuel L. Jackson is there and does n't bring anything . Why would he retort to such a low role ? . Asia Argento is pretty , but you ca n't like her character or care for her . In fact , you wo n't care about anyone . `` XXX '' tried to be something worthwhile , but it failed on every aspect . Some witty lines were ridiculous , as if the cast had no idea how to deliver them . The movie is boring , cliched , and feels dated by the time it 's over . What a horrible bore this film was . Better leave the real action to Bond .
 The only thing that kept me awake during this movie was the surround sound .
 If it was possible to give this movie no stars I would have done so , I had to turn and look at the person I saw it with to see if she was acctually enjoying it , for some reason she did but she saw that it was a ... of the James Bond franchise . The only thing that is n't Bond material are the no brainer punch lines from Diesel , Bond has the brains to acctually insult someone , but Diesel 's xxx only makes the audience laugh at him not with him . The one liners and obvious attempt at trying to take what makes spy movies like James Bond so good , even with the last two Bond films sliping from what made Goldeneye stand out in my mind as the best Bond ever , I feel that Bond will always be around , but with a couple more of the XXX movies people will feel as insulted to spend there money on another waste of two hours like this . I dare the director to come up with some new material , but based on this I doubt he and Deisel have the brains combined to do so . Heres who the characters resemble in XXX to the characters in Bond.XXX A dumb ... BondSamuel Jackson A male MThe guy who makes the gadgets A Faqgy QDo n't waste your time or your money on this movie , or its sequals for that matter .
 I watched this from a projection booth window . The theatre was filled with young kids -LRB- 10 to 17 -RRB- . This new `` hero '' is not worth two cents . He ca n't act and all he knows is violence and we wonder why animals eat their young . This movie serves NO purpose except to promote hate and violence and give our screwed-up youth more sick ideas . I really believe that this new Hollywood is filled with hate and is sending a really bad message to our future leaders of our country . There are plenty of stories that movies can be made about , but this one is pure trash . Bad acting , bad music score -LRB- if you can call it a music score -RRB- bad directing and the list goes on . And then we wonder why the United States kids are so violent . There is only one thing to blame , , , , , HOLLYWOOD !
 Poor Sam Jackson . It 's a pity seeing his talents go to waste in a supporting role in this mainstream crowd pleaser that is really a vehicle for wanna-be action superstar Vin Diesel . Rob Cohen , director of the equally dreadful Fast & The Furious is at the helm here , and the results are nothing better . XXX is nothing more than James Bond for the MTV drones the world over , replacing a suave , classy secret agent with an overgrown , over muscled , and marketable `` actor '' who is saddled with the label of being the next big action hero . Funny thing is that Vin Diesel actually can act underneath the muscle and bald head -LRB- watch Saving Private Ryan or Boiler Room and see what I mean -RRB- , but his acting talents go to waste here just as they did in Fast & The Furious and he is nothing more than eye candy and box office draw for young teen girls swooning over tickets to a Linkin Park conert . Ethnic stereotypes are abound as well , not to mention some very choppy edits in action sequences , and the rest of XXX is just mindnumbing . All in all , if you want to see an exceptional film , watch Minority Report or Blood Work instead of this , your braincells will thank you later .
 Typical hollywood drool geared for teens with gender identity crisis ... all special fx and no meaningful plot , This movie -LRB- just like Fast & Curious -RRB- -LSB- was weak -RSB- !
 I watched this movie because I like Asia Argento . However , even her usual screen presence could not make this movie work for me . The hero XXX -LRB- Vin Diesel 's character -RRB- is dislikable . I found myself wanting him killed after the first five minutes . If you like action try Minority Report . XXX is a definite thumbs down .
 This was just thunderously bad . Buffed `` multicultural '' Vin Diesel is Xander Cage in `` xXx , '' directed by Rob Cohen who gave us `` The Fast and the Furious . '' Cage is an extreme sports athlete who gets recruited by Gibbons -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson , who 's too good for a movie like this -RRB- as a spy and gets sent to Prague . From there , `` xXx '' morphs into to a James Bond film on steroids for teens with short attention spans . Cohen is n't concerned about giving us an interesting spy film that thrills ; he 's more concerned about pumping our adrenaline . But even on that level he fails . The stunts are the most absurd I have ever witnessed . Diesel cruises through a series of action sequences that flirt ever so closely with death , and he emerges from all of them completely unbruised and unscathed . I realize that movies like this require some suspension of disbelief , but this was just ridiculous . Instead of exclaiming `` wow , '' I was rolling my eyes contemptuously every fifteen minutes . Asia Argento does little more than serve as an ornament to the story 's predictable `` love '' subplot . She spends a good 90 % of her role giving forced come-hither glares , and she speaks in horrifically broken English . The special effects are aiight , but I can get better thrills off my buddy 's PS2 . As with any DVD for a recently-released movie , `` xXx '' has a sharp picture and incredible surround sound . But that hardly matters for a film this inept . `` Your performances are weak '' barks Diesel in one of the movie 's early scenes . Like he should talk . `` zZz '' is a more apt title for this low-wattage thriller .
 This movie had me lost within 10 minutes . As soon as Vin started spewing his tirade about how bad the government was because it tried to censor any cliched `` Gen-X/Y '' touchstone , i.e. video games and rap music , I looked at the rest of the movie through the eyes of someone who was trying to be blatantly marketed to . This never stopped , between the then trendy music , the constant attempts to be hip -LRB- mentioning Playstation a few times -RRB- , it was obvious they were trying to create a franchise by throwing everything 20-somethings are supposed to like in a pot , blow stuff up around it and watch the money roll in . I have never felt so insulted by a movie in my life . If your idea of a good time is watching a movie that does nothing but pander to the cliche of what the `` young generation '' likes according the a studio 's marketing department , watch `` XXX '' -LRB- even a porn reference in the title to `` spice '' it up -RRB- . This movie is one of those terrible 60s beach movies with half the intelligence and 100X the budget . Marketing departments should n't write movies , writers should .
 The action was cheesy , the things he said are cheesey , the plot is cheesey , add it all up and what do you get ? One terrible movie
 `` some one please kill me '' was what i was thinking during the film in the middle of the film and at the end . I really couldnt be bothered to watch the end it was so bad i was just pointing out all the mistakes in the movie i dont count this as a film because most films have a plot . Anyway what im trying to say is that my step mothers funeral was more interesting than this film
 This film could really be summed up in one word `` Appalling '' . Van Diesel plays the archetypical ` action hero . ' Yeah you 've got it , the one whose status is big muscles and has ' I ca n't act ' written all over his face ! The trailer for the film looked absolutely awesome , which is the only 30 seconds worth watching for the entire film.I would love to explain in depth the details of the plot , but quite frankly I was too busy laughing at how pathetically shallow the plot was to even remember it.If you are a Samual L Jackson fan do n't torture yourself by sitting through the film , not even the master himself can do it any justice whatsoever.Nevertheless as taste is unaccountable I can only recommend you rent this film from your local video rental store or whomever !
 Ok , I 'm going to make a list of movies stars did for the cash.This will be in the top ten . I like Vin Diesel , i admire his persistence and even think I met him long ago when he was abouncer . He 's also a Cancer . He 's a good nut . However like other jobs , you have to pay your dues to get to a certain position in Hollywood . And this movie is bad , reallybad . It catered to the teeny boppers watching slack jawed behind me in the theater and never stopped . The line about video games and rap music and stealing a politicians car because he opposes them in the beginning is so unamerican because do n't we have the right to not agree with certain things?Thats when I relaized I was in a video game . His co-star , while meant to be sexy , comes off as trashy and she is n't built up as the femme fatale or undercover Russian agent she turns out to be . Smauel Jackson is slightly comedic , unintentionally as a Bond-esque M and there will be a sequel . Hopefully art will entire and a good , action film will be made , not one where Vin Diesel looks like he ca n't act because he can act . he just ca n't act badly enough for this one .
 As an action movie , it just isnt quite enough . It tries hard , pulling all the usual strings , but aside from the avalanche scene -LRB- which is worth seeing -RRB- , the rest is pretty predictable and boring .
 I have a bad habit of buying films before i see them and sometimes it pays off . Donnie darko , trainng day and memento to name just a few but then you get that film that is so awful , your embarressed to have it in your dvd collection . This is that film . To summarise
 Vin Diesel is a great actor , as is shown in this movie -LRB- though some of his aesthetics were a bit overdone -RRB- . The action scenes were entertaining . But that 's about it . First off , the first 30 minutes were supposed to set up the story , but the plot was hard to follow . So that left me to guess what would happen in the rest of the movie , and that 's where it got terribly predictable
 This is the first time I write a review , so what made me do it
 Alright , alright . Before all the fans of this movie get jumpy because of my rating and title of this review , let me say my piece and get out of here : I know this film was supposed to be the James Bond of the PlayStation generation - if this effort was the filmmaker 's -LRB- including screenplay , etc -RRB- best , then I pity the PlayStation generation and their taste in films.Now , do n't get me wrong . I like Vin Diesel and his whole tough guy shtick , he pulls that off pretty well . But the supporting cast -LRB- with the exception of Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- was and remains abysmal - poor acting , poor delivery , poor us for having to suffer through it all . It was an obvious rip-off of the Bond formula , which has worked for 40 years and 20 films , and will continue to do so . Hip-ifying the ` formula ' for the latest generation is not a bad idea , it just was n't done very well . I know there will be a sequel , just like Fast and The Furious , which Vin is not scheduled to appear in -LRB- TF&F ; 2 , that is -RRB- . He will be in XXX 2 , however.XXX was OK . I do n't think this movie or TF&F ; is worthy of building a franchise , but they did n't ask me , did they?Alas , if you are in the mood for a film where you do n't have to think -LRB- because there 's nothing to figure out -RRB- , by all means , buy this DVD . Personally , I 'd rent the sucker .
 Director Rob Cohen hooks up with his Fast and Furious star Vin Diesel for an abrasive exercise in wall-to-wall stunts . The mindless , contrived plot well-serves the eye-popping action sequences , but only time will tell if Diesel 's hip hop secret agent will replace the durable Bond franchise for the video game generation.The amazing , extreme stunts and chases make this worth considering . Extras include deleted scenes and an alternate ending.Eye candy at best and mindless FX at worst . One great avalanche and a listless , perhaps embarassed -LRB- ? -RRB- , Diesel ca n't really save this oddity .
 THIS MOVIE WAS A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT , VERY UNREAL , JAMES BOND MOVIES ARE WAY BETTER
 THIS WAS EXTREMELY BORING , THIS MOVIE REMINDED ME OF THE RIDICULOUS MOVIE IF LOOKS COULD KILL STARRING RICHARD GRIECO A FEW YEARS BACK ... PLAIN SILLY .
 First of all , I know Vin Diesel can act , I 've seen him do so in other movies . I just do n't know why he ca n't act in this one ... I blame it on poor directing . If he 's going to be this bad in the rest of his movies , he should pull a Fast and the Furious and keep the lines to a bare minimum of monosyllables such as `` yes '' and `` no , '' `` sure '' ect , ect . The only reason I would buy this movie is because he takes his shirt off , and he is HOTTT ! Although the shirtless scene only lasted all of ten seconds , it was well worth waiting and hour into movie to see it . Now , if he had just kept his shirt off for the whole movie , or at least pranced around in one of his `` Pitch Black '' black tank tops , the whole thing would have been more enjoyable .
 The only thing that kept me awake after the first 5 minutes was the sound .
 Vin Diesel was awful in this movie . He could n't act his way out of a paper bag . the fast and furious was over the top and entertaining . Diesel was good in that flick . XXX was a lot of pointless action , no character or story development and unbelieve stunts . a lot of things happened with no real reasoning to why . Stay away . do not waste 2 hours on this one .
 I paid good money for this thing so i can say what i like.This movie is suppose to put bond movies to shame , mission : failure.It copies every thing from those movies and still bites the big one.I love pointless action and unbelievable stunts but these are plain stupid.The only reason to watch is asia argento and her tattoo mmmmmmmm.vin diesel cant save this junk .
 I have to admit when I head that this movie was like a Bond film I went to rent it and after watching it I have say that dose have elements in that movie , but that is the only good thing about this flim.I have to admit his one-liners wo n't that funny and the music with the expection of the main theme song were bad , and did n't even fit the action scenes that they are being played with . Even the effects were also bad.The only good thing about this was the fact that I did n't go and see this movie is the theater to wast my money .
 What can you say about a movie with a story that 's even worse than Vin Diesel who wants to make us believe he can actually act . `` NO BRAIN , NO PAIN '' . Do n't waste your money on this piece of crap . Moviemaking at its all time lowest . 1 star because unfortunately 0 is not an option .
 `` XXX '' could be considered a mix of `` James Bond '' and `` The Saint '' with a little extra muscle added in to give it that macho feel.This movie is n't all that bad , however , I would have liked to see a bit more action involved . In certain parts of this film it tends to become slow and boring , and the action sequences are nothing spectacular.If you plan on seeing this film for the first time , go ahead and rent it before you purchase it .
 Wow , this movie sucks really bad . I do n't get the whole extreme sports thing ? Is that cool to do an ollie with a motorcycle while shooting gaurds ? Is it even possible ? Vin Diesel sucks -LRB- literally -RRB- . He just does n't seem right doing half of the flips I see him doing . And , he looks like a bad transvestite when wearing a fur . The only good thing about this movie was Eve . Her ten minutes of fame . And , come to think of it , Eve looks like a bulldog . So , I guess there really is no plus to this movie . We need to send this movie to where Eve needs to go , back to the dog pound !
 Okay , they blow stuff up real good in this one . So I 'll give it 2 stars for stunts and pyrotechnics . And it gets itself over with quickly enough and does n't waste too much of your time , so another 1/2 star . And if you 're of a certain age , this tatoopiercedmuscledtuffguy might appeal as he swaggers about doing nastyforeignhipbadguys and foxybabesluthos . That it adopts the dopey James Bond quips and archaic attitude to women is just part of the genre I guess . Anyway , mindless noisy fun , forgotten the minute it 's over . Diesel 's act could fade fast .
 ... I don &#65533; t even know where to begin . With the terrible CGI effects ? How about the cheesy , unbelievable plot that makes any Bond film seem like reality ? No , lets start with how all the mindless action scenes somehow succeed in not being interesting . Since this is supposed to be an action film , these scenes are supposed to be the main thrust behind it . But they &#65533; re not . On the surface they look like they should be fun , but somehow they &#65533; re not . ... Vin Diesel &#65533; s crook-turned-secret agent just isn &#65533; t interesting to me . And it &#65533; s not because he &#65533; s a criminal , rooting for a bad guy can be fun . He just doesn &#65533; t carry that cool aura around him , such as James Bond or Blade . To make an action film work , you need a central character who is fascinating to watch , and personally , Vin Diesel here is about as fascinating as c-span . The absurd plot of having a criminal do a secret agent &#65533; s job on behalf of the United States doesn &#65533; t help , either . I can hold disbelief off during a movie if it is handled right , but from the start I could see XXX was derailing from this department . I just didn &#65533; t buy it as the movie presented it . The bad CGI effects were also very distracting . Scenes such as one concerning an avalanche look like it was rendered five years ago . CGI keeps reaching new standards , and if you don &#65533; t keep up with it , you shouldn &#65533; t use it . Surprisingly enough , however , the acting , while nothing special , isn &#65533; t to bad . Sure Vin Diesel is no acting god , but he doesn &#65533; t give a cringe-worthy performance here . And while Samuel L. Jackson &#65533; s talent is pretty much wasted here in his role as Diesel &#65533; s boss , no one delivers poorly.XXX is best not seen at all , unless you &#65533; re a big Vin Diesel fan . There wasn &#65533; t much here to admire , and what is , truly isn &#65533; t worth the time to view . Stick to Bond .
 Now , this movie seemed right up my alley . I was looking for a blockbuster , throwaway popcorn flick . Bang Bang Shoot-Em Up . I liked the Fast and the Furious , and Vin Diesel without a shirt was worth my ticket price alone , that 's the two stars . But frankly , this was BORING . VERY VERY BORING . It does n't make any sense . I mean , if the poison has to mix first , just tell em it 's been launched and blow the thing out of the water before it 's mixed . Crimony did n't they just SAY that it became harmless ? It 's just stupid . Vin Diesel DID have some good dialogue , the script was n't that bad , but this movie , to put it simply , is BORING .
 I can only describe this film with the same word I would describe the Fast and the Furious as well - `` cheese '' . I 'm a tough guy - stunt man , social advocate , party guy , now turned spy . I 've uncovered secret plans of an elite enemy organization in Prague - the government is going to wait around just long enough to act so I can do my thing and stretch the movie out a bit.OK - suspending my disbelief with this hyperbolic story , I was still amazed at the absolute lack of talent on the part of Vin Diesel . This guy is hired for the way he looks and his scratchy voice - but he ca n't act worth a darn and he does n't even make a convincing tough-guy . Besides the extreme one-dimensionality of the characters , the dialogue is actually painful to listen to as well . Thank god there is a minimum of it.The pacing is aweful for an action film - there are huge slow spots where they try to cram some `` plot in '' . Hint to the producers - have the writers killed.I gave it it 's second star because the action was very interesting , and because I saw it on a plane and it kept my mind off teh flight for an hour and a half .
 Boring tedious bad acting I could n't bring myself even to suspend any belief for the stunts . This film is garbage . I have 1 good thing to say the GTO looked nice .
 This is an empty movie . Diesel ca n't act and does n't try . Where 's the action ? Where ? There are humorous moments but try an enjoy those on the third viewing . The most pain inflicted in this movie was certainly on the audience . From head bangin ' music to bad acting by the star - this movie will leave you feeling empty . You wo n't remember it in a week . Skip it and move on to something with some meat to it .
 This movie is not worth renting , let alone buying . I returned it to the video store right away because I would rather get charged for a late return on adult movies than this one . It would have been much better if it were shorter and could have benefited from some editing . It would also help if there was at least some realism within the action scenes . I mean motorcycles just do n't jump 20 feet off the ground without a ramp or something . Do not get me wrong I love action films but this one just crossed the line one too many times . The action was just not believable , but if you like that then who knows maybe you will like this one . I am not putting my name on this review for fear of people knowing I even rented this . Beware ... consider this a warning .
 Loved Vin in Pitch Black , he was pretty good in Fast and Furious too ... but this movie?Ths acting is flat , the stunts make no sense -LRB- jumping a motorcylcle over a 20 foot fence with no ramp ? I guess I missed the part where he put ET on his handlebars -RRB- and there is not much of a story to speak of ...
 I was reading somewhere that this film was supposed to depose the James Bond franchise.That wo n't be happening in this lifetime.XXX is one of the worst movies I have seen in a very very long time . After reading about the work up about this film and Vin Diesel I really expected to have my sox blown off . Instead I was bored to tears . I was itching to leave the theatre and almost walked out on it the first quarter.The script is attrocious and the dialogue campy . If this was going to be a spy movie on the level of James Bond or even Mission Impossible I expected to see some sort of substance . All Diesel does in this flick is make smart remarks and flex his muscles . If Diesel really wants to show that he 's much more than just a younger version on Arnold and Sly he 's going to have to learn the art of subtlety . Otherwise he 's nothing but an overpumped action hero without any substance.This film should please those out there who like loud noise , mindless violence and explosions.But if you are looking for an intelligent spy movie perhaps you would be better of waiting for a gentleman by the name of : Bond , James Bond
 Boy was I disapointed . This film had no character developement , no real `` set up '' , and the stunts were ridiculous . This seemed more of a 007 `` wan na be '' , and 007 Vin Diesel is not . I watched the enitire film waiting for it to get better , it did n't . I would rent this before buying it , if I were you .
 Be warned , this is not in the same class as any of the James Bond series of films . Initially advertised as a new age , or hipper James Bond film , this one does not deliver . This was like K-mart James Bond with horrible dialogue , flat acting , and unbelievably bad stunt work . There was n't a single stunt in this movie that impressed me , I was left thinking oh wow , I ca n't believe there was that many explosions and it still stunk . Even the gadgets were goofy and unbelievable . You know its bad when the gadget guy manages to outfit an old GTO with a warehouse full of gadgets in an afternoon and provide a thick hand drawn instuction guide with it ! A total waste of time .
 Probably one of the most pointless films with one of the most pointless stars of today ... and the best thing is we can expect a sequel . Could someone please explain to me the appeal of Vin ? I mean , he did show some promise in far superior films like Pitch Black and Saving Private Ryan but enough already .
 This movie does n't even deserve one star . Vin Diesel is the worst actor . For ANYBODY to call him the `` new James Bond '' is sad and laughable . Say what you want about Roger Moore 's performances as James Bond , Vin Diesel could NEVER compare to him and he was the worst James bond ever !! The stunts in this movie are awesome , but the acting and plot is HORRIBLE !! I felt ashamed that I watched this movie because it insulted my intelligence . This movie was SO bad and to think it was a block buster hit !!! Vin is sexy -LRB- although he sometimes force it -RRB- , but nothing and I do mean NOTHING should excuse him for making this mess . C'mon Vin , do better next time !!
 I will make it short , about half way through the movie I turned it off . Probably one of the worst movies I have ever watched in my life . I did n't expect much from the acting to begin with , but it was worse than I could have imagined . Let 's just say , I hope this is the last of this franchise .
 Do n't watch this ... vin Diesel is a really bad actor ... and how come Sam Jackson signed up for this movie ... I ca n't explain how bad it is , It 's not even funny bad it 's just a head ache
 This film is awful . The plot is a twisted Bond-film scenario with only difference being that Disel is n't a professional spy , but recruited by the US Government because he appears to be tough and , at the same time , a criminal . The special effects were okay , but very predictable and hardly believable . The film also had some lines from previous Bond films , and even some screen shots that looked awfully similar to some of the past Bond movies . But Diesel is no Bond . He ... as a spy , and is an awkward actor at that .
 I am not going to compare this to Bond , as everyone else has picked up the similarity . What i will say , is some action films are so well crafted that even though after wards you will sit back and think wow , now that was ridiculous , whilst watching it you can lose yourself in the action . Unfortunately , xXx does not fit into this category . i exchanged incredulous chuckles with the stranger sitting next to me in the cinema at the sheer overblown action , which in no way convinces you of any realism involved . I dont know what decides whether an action film lives up to this particular benchmark of success , but several factors contributed to xXxs failure . One the stereotyped and cliched ` baddie ' characters left no doubt as to who would die a dramatic death in a stunning climax . The initial attempted chemistry between Xander and WhatsHerFace left no real doubt as to who would suddenly change sides . Unfortunately the wooden acting of Diesel did little to help matters , and where he was not grunting in monosyllables , he was attempting -LRB- and failing -RRB- witty comments . A fence post has more entertainment value than this actor.Anyway thats my review and my reasons for disliking it . Maybe it is me-as i do fit the MTV 18-25 category who i assume this film is aimed at . Maybe if i were female i would be bowled over be Diesels good looks , but i can only be thankful that i am not . To conclude , ill ignore my initial statement . This film lacks the believability , wit , fast paced action and character development of Bond films . although you always know bond will save the day , the plot of said films tends not to be signposted quite as obviously . That said , ill have to wait and see how Die Another Day compares .
 This movie is just like a James Bond wannabee , the cars the gadgets , are all copied from some James Bond movies . I am an avid fan of James Bond movies and I am not saying that I being a James Bond fan is bias in commenting this movie , but this movie and all its cast & characters still can not hold a candle to all the James bond movies .
 `` xXx '' must rank among the most insultingly stupid scripts of the year , ineptly directed in terms of actor/character direction , and mindnumbingly dumbed down for its presumably intended audience . I almost walked out of `` xXx '' at least five times but it was just so unfathomably bad that I was glued to the screen out of pure shock.Aside from probably the least - ... screen kiss ever , Vin Diesel does little to distinguish himself as an actor in this vehicle . His lines are delivered as though being read off cue cards . The plot is insipid , predictable and , surprisingly , even dated -LRB- aside from the notion of biological weapons -- no , wait , that 's been done before and better , too -RRB- . Not a single element in this movie aside from the inclusion of every imaginable `` extreme '' sport is anything that has n't already been included in a Bond film . Ironically , the first scene in `` xXx '' is designed to let the audience know they are NOT watching a Bond movie . It 's a tongue-in-cheek -LRB- if mean-spirited , like much of the rest of the film -RRB- nod at the Bond franchise that suggests this movie is going to go places Bond would never dare . Well , if going somewhere completely lacking in class and wit is where they intended , that is just about the only fresh ground covered . So intent were the producers on out-Bonding Bond that they ended up creating only a pale , inexplicably illogical , dull imitation . If all a viewer wants is to see some cool extreme sports stunts , renting a specialized video ought to be a much more fulfilling experience , especially since the stunts will be real and not riddled with editing gimmicks and digital enhancements .
 I was able to see this movie in Europe for free and let me just say it was terrible ; big explosions , and big stunts are the only dosis you 'll be getting , because as far as a good story or a bit of acting is concerned not a chance ! ... unless showing off your muscles every second can be call acting.Vin Diesel is one of the worst actors I 've ever seen , I wish Hollywood would give a chance to real actors who are just waitingfor the opportunity.Please do n't allow this to continue , bad movies must be stopped once and for all.Rent this movie if it makes you happy but do n't be another victim , or worst yet another supporter of this movie .
 No plot , full of cheesy lines you could recite before the characters did . The action did n't thrill me , the script did n't hold my attention . It even helped me like Vin Diesel a little less . I understand why it 's popular with the younger people - it would appear it was designed just for them . But defninitely - seeing a four star rating on this one has convinced me to NEVER trust a rating system EVER again .
 The first thing I noticed ? PG-13 ?? NO WAY ! Definitely NOT for YOUNG TEENS !!! There are a lot of sexual situations -LRB- basically having sex with whoever is behind the next door , including multiple partners , is highly glamorized , including the `` deleted scenes '' . -RRB- This is soft porn folks with a very misleading PG-13 rating . Now for the rest of the story
 For those folks who thought Micheal Bay 's `` Armegeddon '' was too realistic and too complicated as well as too boring , this film is for you . DUDE!This awesome flick is about one extreme dude who gets drafted by the system and is allowed to kick a bunch of gnarly butt all to an awesome soundtrack filled with even more extreme music . This movie rocks because it is non stop action and explosion . Vin Diesel is totally shredded and a totally hot actor who really knows how to snowboard , skydive and drive totally radical cars ... XXX also has a lot of totally fine babes who really know how to answer a booty call and pole dance to super X rave music . This movie just rocks . It 's almost as good as X-Box ! -LRB- I wo n't even mention Sega ! -RRB- I ca n't wait until XXX II , and XXX III , XXX IV and so on!Just kidding . It says something about a movie when my 10 year old alpha male son finds a film boring and gets up from the TV and goes off outside to shoot baskets with his friend in the below freezing weather . That was his reaction with XXX . His tastes run toward the `` Behind Enemy Lines '' and early Sean Connery James Bond ...
 This was the stupidest movie I have ever seen ! Awful acting ! Vin Diesel made guys like Arnold Swartzenagger look like Oscar material . Samual L Jackson was awful in this movie too , and he 's usually a great actor . The one liners that were supposed to be funny were n't , the action scences made you laugh . Like the part where he jump over the house on a motorbike and is able to shoot some guy in mid-air . I would give this 0 starts if I could .
 If you want a real spy thriller movie go see `` Die Another Day '' and watch it on DVD . I saw this when it came out to the theatres and trust me it 's a big ripoff . Everything in it is Diesel 's 007 impersonation . He 's jealous for one thing
 10 . You 're a girl that has a crush on Vin Diesel 9 . You 're a kid that has no idea who James Bond is . 8 . You 're a serious movie goer looking for comedy relief . 7 . You thought it was rated XXX . 6 . You 're a student from the USC film class `` Bad Movies 101 '' . 5 . You had nothing better to do with your time and money . 4 . You 're a first-time moviegoer that was tricked by your 15-year-old sister . 3 . You 're a critic that 's in hot water with his boss . 2 . You believe that the WWF and WCW is a real sport . 1 . That Vin Diesel guy is hot even if he ca n't act .
 This could have been a Patrick Swayzee flick made for the USA Network . Vin Diesel does what he can with what little he 's got to work with here , but he 's a star who deserves a much better vehicle than this . Cheesey as can be , bad , no , HORRIBLE acting and worst of all ... very mean spirited . At one point , the villans turn on a group of scientists who 've made a toxic nerve gas for them and from behind the safety of a thick , glass wall , use that weapon to kill the scientists and mock their deaths , pretending to choke and gag and plead for help while laughing at the dying victims . It 's unbelievably sadistic and violent for a PG-13 movie ... On a positive note though , the soundtrack is awesome . Seriously .
 Bad acting , unbelivable action shots , terrible dialogue , no plot , what more can I say than xxx is a waste of money and time .
 -LSB- I was very torn between giving this movie 2 or 3 stars , so I decided on a 2.5 rating -RSB- This movie is n't as great as it was hyped up to be . Right after seeing it , I thought it was really good ! But then once all the excitement died down , I realized that this movie pretty much stunk . It was very predictable . I mean , you know that Vin Diesel 's character is going to save the world , and that he 's going to get the girl . James Bond has nothing to worry about , since any of the Bond movies are better than this flick . It 's worth a peak , but it 's not a movie I would go out and buy . Sure it has a lot of action , but just action does n't make a movie . The plot is unoriginal and not that exciting . I think I kind of forced myself to like this because the kids I saw it with thought it was `` so tight '' but actually it 's not . So , if you 're looking for a cheesy action movie , you 've found it here ! Not that highly recommended . ... Enjoy ... well , maybe not ...
 I have to admit I am picky in the movies I like but I sat through XXX with a friend just waiting to see how bad this would be . Boy how I wish I had the two hours of my life back that I wasted watching this . This was the most awful movie I ever saw . I thought Queen of the Damned was bad but XXX takes the cake as the worst movie ever . Vin Diesel looks like a deer in the headlights trying to get his lines right . The confusion on his face just oozed out when trying to say a three syllable word . The movie was aimed at the teen/MTV world who do not like any dialoge in thier movies . The stunts were old , tired and cheesey and defied any bit of reality . And the effects looked like a cartoon . They used so many digital effects it was hard not to notice . Does anyone use really explosions anymore ? Yes it is a movie but when someone jumps 40 to 50 feet in the air on a dirtbike something is going to break . But neither Vin Diesel or the bike had a scratch . Just another bad line after every action sequence . I would rarely think of writing a review here but I just wanted to warn my fellow movie fans of this horror of a film . I like action movies like The Matrix , T2 , Total Reacall that have great action and a good story . XXX was just one long commercial for motor bikes , the X-Games and sleeping pills
 This is certainly one of the worst movies I 've had the unfortunate opportunity of viewing ... and the two friends that viewed it with me completely agree . Do n't get me wrong
 One of the most boring experiences that I have ever had at the theatre . The action scenes drug on forever , and the plot was retarted . Vin Diesal does n't know how to act , and the whole movie was just dumb.SKIP IT . I think I hate action movies now .
 It is certainly the worst movie I have ever seen in all my life . Vin Diesel -LRB- so good in `` Saving Private Ryan '' under the direction of Steven Spielberg -RRB- plays so bad in this third rate movie -LRB- under the direction of Robert Cohen -RRB- . Vin Diesel looks so rigid with no facial expression and no acting . He is tatooed as a Christmas tree or a Casino fitted carpet -LRB- your choice ! -RRB- and he simply looks ridiculous . When you consider the natural presence of Vin Diesel -LRB- when he is himself -RRB- , what a pitty ! His clothes in this motion picture are certainly coming from a recycling clothes shop ... The scenario is completely empty . No dialogs , no drama , no unexpected scenes ! Just a ton of `` clich&eacute; '' or `` d&eacute;j&agrave; vu '' or `` one thousand times seen '' scenes . This movie is just a pretext for ridiculous stunts ... I am waiting when the US movie industry will propose to us a competition between a motorbicyle and the space shuttle at launch !!! -LRB- Could be a nice stunt -RRB- Directing actors was an option in this movie -LRB- Director which can not be found . He was sunbathing in Bahamas certainly -RRB- ... So why shoot scenes that we do not accept as possible ... After few seconds of analysis , this movie is a pure `` product '' for the 13-16 male young people target . I can not consider such product as a motion picture which must propose a scenario , dialogs , drama , directing and an artistic point of view . This product is `` only '' a marketing commercially designed PG-13 product . If you want to see a MEGA TOP THIRD RATE MOVIE and laugh a lot concerning one of the `` US movie industry '' most terrible products , just watch this product . It is going to become a master reference !!!
 My wife said it best `` this movie is for teen age boys '' . Sure there 's lots of action and stuff blowing up all over the place . Some great effects , although a bit far fetched in the reality department . But the acting ... yikes . Diesel takes the ` wood ' grammy away from Keanu . They should have given him a role like AAAH-NOLD in Terminator ... very few lines . And the female lead ... I guess shes good if you 're into `` heroin '' chic.Puullllease ! I guess some people liked it though ... possibly the same people who think pro wrestling is a sport !
 Okay , for some , this will be a great movie . I remember , as a teen , watching Stallone and enjoying many a movie where it was all about action and not about plot , character or acting . For the next generation , here is Vin Diesel . He is not James Bond , but maybe James Bond 's younger , American second cousin . Sure , he used some spy stuff , but for the most part , XXX uses ESPN Extreme Sports moves to make his plans work out okay.For the rest of us , this movie is not a good option . It actually got a little boring watching scene after scene staged just to show off another `` stunt . '' Perhaps if the pyrotechnics budget had been diminished just a tad and reinvested in a decent screenwriter and acting coach , this could have been a boxoffice blockbusting series in the making . Unfortunately , it is not .
 I 'll admit , I 'm not a big Vin Diesel fan ... even though I thought he did pretty well with the couple of lines he had in `` Saving Private Ryan '' . Having said that , this has got to be one of the worst action films I have ever seen . I watched a borrowed DVD and I 'm glad I did n't spend any money on it . This movie was so bad that my son and I were actually laughing at the action shots and how ridiculous the story line is . Come on now folks ... a daredevil , motocross ridin ' , skateboardin ' , snowboardin ' , skydiver turned special agent ??? Give me a break !!! Even the Bond films make the special agent a little more believable than this !! I thought the movie was bad when one of the action sequences shows Vin Diesel jumping over a storage building with his motorcycle , which is blowing up at the same time -LRB- the ramp was just sitting there waiting for him to jump the building I guess ... lol -RRB- ... but then when it got to Diesel sliding down a stair rail using a serving platter , then I knew how horrible this film really is . I wo n't even mention the snow avalanche sequence ... how incredibly stupid . To sum it up ... if you 're a teenager who absolutely loves Vin Diesel and movie quality does n't matter , then waste your bucks and buy this film ... but to everyone else , do n't waste your money .
 Bad . Just plain awful . Please skip this mindless drivel . The only people who liked this film are girls who think that Vin Diesel is `` cute '' and people who liked `` Fast & The Furious '' -LRB- another snoozer -RRB- . I am glad that I saw it on my friend 's PC and not at the theaters , so that I did n't waste $ 7.50 . Anyone who watched this film and was not insulted by its mindnumbing dialogue , horrid plot and overall crudeness should be ashamed of themselves . Not even Jean Claude himself could have saved this one . A total waste of time for the thinking movie goer . Hey kiddies , here 's an idea ; instead of watching this why not see a top-notch film like `` Far From Heaven '' or `` The Hours '' or even `` Minority Report '' ? Oh , thats right , got ta use the old noggin for that one ... never mind . It saddens me that movies have come to this .
 Am I the only person who is not taking crazy pills ? Vin Diesel is a freaking dork . He is the worst actor in the world . He speaks in one tone of voice , and he reminds me of a steriod-freaked John Madden . He is NOT the next great action star . He sucks . He has n't made one good movie , and everyone 's riding his nuts , just because he 's got muscles . Get off his nut sack people , and realize he needs to stay in the gym , and away from acting .
 The only reason I saw this movie was because of all the hype , -LRB- although my expectations were n't high to begin with -RRB- and I wish I had n't completly wasted 2 hours of my time . XXX was the stupidest movie I 've seen in a long time , the stunts are completly unbelievable , the acting is sub-par and the story is something that a 5-year old could understand easily , not to mention its about as stupid of a story as I 've ever heard . This movie is 100 % sensless , thoughtless action with no backbone . -LRB- The one redeeming quality it has is Sam Jackson as an actor but thats not enough to save it at all . -RRB- A movie for morons that do not know what a movie really is supposed to be .
 I 've only ever walked out of one movie , and this was it . I actually stayed for an hour , hoping it 'd get better ... but it actually got worse . The acting
 Yikes . Was sucked in by the hype . Holy Moly Batman.It is sooo bad it may well become a camp classic , akin to Marijuana Madness.Big money spent on explosions , cars , motorcycles . Early in the movie , late in the movie . In between , you 're stuck with plot and dialog that came as the prize in Crackerjacks.There was one person in the theatre hooting and hollering everytime Vin Diesel did anything . Everyone else was busy snickering at the inanity of it all . In the restroom after the show , people were actually bonding over the discussion of ` what the heck were they thinking ' . This is an example of what happens when there is no one around to say ` no , you can not spend $ 20M of daddy 's money making a movie ' . Samuel L. Jackson , what were you thinking?OTOH , from my 11 year old nephew 's perspective
 For some reason , `` XXX '' showed up on my Recommendations list ... I ca n't think of a movie I saw recently that I liked less.My wife and I were in the mood for some mindless entertainment , and we had n't seen `` XXX '' yet . In the right mood , we like brain-candy movies . James Bond can be fun , and we even liked the new `` Tomb Raider '' film . We rented `` XXX '' hoping for something like `` Die Hard '' or `` Lethal Weapon , '' maybe - just some fun where stuff blows up . Yeah , that would have been good . Too bad that 's not what we got.As a plus , `` XXX '' has Samuel Jackson in it , and some people I know liked it , so we decided to give it a shot . Having watched it , I can only say what a waste of celluloid this movie was . `` XXX '' is a collection of extreme sports and stunts that are a complete break with reality . A story that is n't anywhere close to interesting . A plot that exists only as an excuse -LRB- and a thin one at that -RRB- for the aforementioned extreme sports stunts.I have to apologize to Vin Diesel fans here , but while I see that he has a certain rugged , sweaty , muscular charm , he 's an absolutely abysmal actor . He was all right in `` Pitch Black , '' as part of an ensemble in which he does n't have to talk much , but he does n't have the talent to sustain a lead role all on his lonesome . He delivers his lines with one or two stock expressions and almost no inflection . And the way he kisses just looks nasty . Yuch.This is a film that does n't even succeed on the level of gut-level , mindless entertainment - it 's that stupid . It 's silly , inconsistent , and superficial , and worst of all it is n't even fun . I was completely bored while watching it . I got it as a free rental , so all I can really complain about is the time spent watching it , but now I even want that back!I 'm disappointed that a film like this ca n't even manage to be entertaining . I 'm disappointed that a great actor like Sam Jackson would agree to be in such a stinker . But most of all , I 'm disappointed in myself for even wasting the time to watch it.There now . Hopefully , that will make it clear that this film should never , ever be recommended to me again . Or anyone else for that matter .
 this is one of the worse movie I have ever seen , even worst than MI :2 . The one star is just for the rare funny moments in Vin Diesel 's acting . Asia Argento , please go home and make the laundry .
 First , the Fast and the Furious , now THIS ? Why , oh WHY are movies this idiotic being made ? Look past all of the `` eckstreeeemly kewl ackshin seeenses '' for a second -LRB- which I 'm surprised did n't win an Oscar for ` Best Animated Movie ' -RRB- and you 'll find a boring , badly-acted , hard-to-follow -LSB- mimic -RSB- of Bond . If you like this movie , ask yourself this
 I 've heard this franchise -LRB- yes , there will be sequels -RRB- as the first truly `` American '' answer to James Bond . Well , there are many problems with this claim on many different levels , not the least of which is that XXX seems to have been made for 12-14 year old boys . It 's as soul-less as a video game and Vin Diesel -LRB- who actually CAN act -- just watch `` Multi-Facial '' -RRB- is as wooden and pre-programmed as a virtual hero can be . Even when he tries to emote , he ca n't quite pull it off.I ca n't think of one genuinely funny moment in the entire film . Xander 's quips are n't even clever . They are as two-dimensional and hackneyed as the characters . The movie itself is n't clever enough to be a parody , nor is it good enough to be an homage.Whether it 's Diesel or the character , XXX simply lacks the charisma and sheer charm of any of the James Bond portrayers . Diesel would seriously work better as one of the thugs he so skillfully dispatches throughout the two hours of this X-box / commercial.Yes the visuals are stunning as are the stunts , yet I ca n't help but remember that a stunt-man was killed while making XXX seem invincible . Did I miss it or was there NO mention of this man 's death anywhere in the film ? Correct me if I 'm wrong ! I would like to think that Diesel or Cohen have that much class . Yes , movie fans , as effortless as this film may look , in the real world , real people die trying to be Superman.Since it made nearly 150 million in the theaters alone , XXX is sure to have at least two sequels . Should keep plenty of hack writers employed for a few years . I just wonder how many more stunt-men or women will die in an effort to make XXX indestructible , at least virtually so .
 Man , I was so close to going to seeing this in the theatre , thank god for the internet and movies leaking out the week of release . This movie is nothing but an overhyped commercial flick . It overplays the teen audience to death . Every other scene you see a new stunt and Diesel overplays every scene . You could of put Fast and the Furious 2 in front of this picture and it would of been about the same . Vin Diesel needs to select his roles wisely or he may end up being the next Jean Claude Van Damme .
 XXX starts off with an exciting , total action-packed blast of a beginning , slowly begins to sag , gets awsome again for about 9 minutes , then sags and never manages to become the least bit interesting or exciting again . I also did n't like the fact that it became WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too much like James Bond films and it does not live up to any of the hype it got . It fails on most levels , and succeeds on only a few , if that . Rent it , but do n't expect too much . Vin does pretty good , though .
 Triple X is the type of film which everyone is stupider for having seen , which the world is at a loss for harboring , and which eats away at the integrity of film as a creative medium , as 16M Sulfuric Acid does to tissue paper . That anyone would willingly allow the creation of such a mindless , poorly-written truckload of intellectually bankrupt drivel is entirely beyond me . Shame on the writer for accepting money for falling asleep on his keyboard and calling it a script -LRB- as well as for soiling the good name of `` The Vandals , '' by quoting `` Anarchy Burger . '' -RRB- Shame on Vin Diesel for doing a decent film like Boiler Room , and then making `` The Fast and the Furious '' look like `` Schindler 's List , '' by making `` XXX , '' all the while accepting the 10 million he demanded for the role . It was literally a pleasure to see a total of fifteen people in the entire theatre . It was downright satisfying to see two people leave within the first five minutes . Hopefully , word of mouth can spread on how awful this is , and we can just let the wretched thing writhe in pain , as it drowns in its own shame for deliberately poisoning so many perfectly good minds . If you appreciate the fact that your body produces energy for you to perform any function , including seeing movies , you will spare it the humiliation of having wasted all of those nutrients , which it went through lengthy chemical processes to digest , on seeing the cinematic equivalent of septic leakage , known as `` XXX . ''
 The LA Times printed -LRB- after some crude chopping -RRB- my letter in their Calendar section of 02/20/05 . It 's a response to an article in which Samuel L. Jackson is being recognized as the top box office champ of all times , having starred in enough films -LRB- like the god-awful `` Caveman 's Valentine '' and the equally embarrassing and forgettable `` Changing Lanes '' just to name a fluffy few -RRB- to have raked in over 6 billion world-wide . `` I am now the No. 1 box-office star in the world , '' said Sam.In the article , the writer boasts of how `` strenuously '' Jackson prepares for a role , how he demanded the film 's makers not kill off his character in the `` XXX '' sequel -LRB- which stars that formidably-talented , classically-trained thespian O'shea Jackson -- otherwise known as Ice Cube . The original `` XXX '' -- as we all well know -- was a well-crafted character study starring none other than screen legend Vin Diesel -RRB- , so that , in the -LRB- inevitable and unfortunate -RRB- subsequent installments of the destined-to-be-classic film franchise , his character -LRB- the beloved and oft-quoted `` Gibbons '' -RRB- can appear once again , and invariable work his screen magic.The Los Angeles Times article was titled `` HE 'S THE $ 6-BILLION DOLLAR MAN . `` Here 's my submitted response : -------------------------------------------------------------- Regarding the Samuel L. Jackson Article of 02/13/05One can only wish that Samuel L. Jackson was as concerned with pushing the boundaries and challenging himself as an actor , and consistently choosing projects with more meaning and substance -LRB- than that contained within the `` XXX '' film franchise -RRB- , as he is with `` the numbers . `` As an African-American actor , I 'm greatly inspired by Jackson 's accomplishments within the entertainment industry , but not by his lackluster approach to the craft of acting . Although always solid on screen , and despite how he 's said to prepare for a role , Jackson essentially seems to play himself in every film he 's in.With his formidable presence , and not-to-be-messed-with attitude , he rarely shows human vulnerability or more than one dimension on screen . Jackson does n't appear to have really challenged himself since his star-making turn as a crack addict in `` Jungle Fever '' -LRB- his later role as Jules in `` Pulp Fiction '' appears to have cemented the stoic , one-sided image of him fans have come to admire , expect and invariably receive in his every film -RRB- . Sadly , I think Jackson 's attitude is indicative of what 's wrong with the entertainment industry at large
 This is possibly the worst movie of the year . Let 's just forget for a moment the outlandish stunts that are for the most part , absolutely impossible and not even close to believable . Let 's focus on the writing . This is just a poorly written movie . It 's cheesy and disgustingly predictable . It 's a great movie for people who do n't like movies with content .
 I love a good action movie . But unless you are the target audience for this movie -LRB- 13 year old males -RRB- this is not the movie to see . The dark , vulgar undertones of this movie traumatized my nervous system almost as much as the loud continuous noise and explosions that did not cease from film beginning to film end . The special effects attempted to be breathtaking , but the CGI in this film was poor at best . Many times I found myself shaking my head as Vin Diesel rushed into danger in a clearly fake CGI world . Then there is the acting and script . What acting and script ? I truly think that they were making this up as they went along . Have we really sunk this low that we are expected to be entertained with noise , explosions , and special effects without the benefit of meaningful acting and scripting . I feel insulted . The only redeeming factor of this movie -LRB- and I mean the only redeeming factor -RRB- was Samuel L. Jackson 's performance . But this was not enough to salvage this poor excuse for a movie . This really could be the worst movie ever made .
 This movie was horrible . So bad that it is the only movie I have ever been to that when it was over everyone in the theater started laughing at how bad it was .
 I was excited to see this film . I loved Vin Diesel in Fast and The Furious , and I thought it would be more speed , more cars , more stunts . I guess in some way the movie did meet these expectations - there were tons of jaw dropping stunts , fast moving snow boarders , and cool stuff in general . Does that equal a good film ? NO.In fact , this is one of the worst movies I 've seen to date . The acting is lifeless , the plot is a joke , and it caters to a viewer who enjoys watching the previews more than the movie . Now normally I might let a movie like this slide , if it had some degree of self-awareness . If it recognized the cheesy flash-bang approach it had chosen to take - but all these characters took themselves seriously . They did n't get that they were in a stupid movie - they thought they were in a high class bond film ... So if you 're just into big explosions , mumbled lines , and stupidity , go see this film . However , if your IQ is greater than that of a small monkey , it would be in your best interest to avoid it ...
 Well i saw this movie on the night of its release ... Just like most women in this world I am a HUGE VIN DIESEL fan ... I saw him in the Fast and the Furious , Pitch Black , Boiler Room , and so on . I was SADLY DISSAPOINTED by this movie . It was long and dry . The funny parts were few and far between , and there was sooo much action in it that it was almost UNBEARABLE to watch . Between the mediocre acting and the tired fighting scenes . It leaves u drained . NOT VIN DIESELS FINEST HOUR I WILL SAY . .
 For those of you `` ranting '' about how cool the stunts were in this piece of ... movie you should know the truth ; one of the stunt doubles for Vin Diesel was killed in the paragliding scene . His name was Harry O'Connor . Knowing this fact will probably make you ... think this movie is even more cool .
 I thought this would be a good movie , I was very wrong.The acting is terrible , not only Vin Diesel 's but all the actors are not doing a very good job , even Samuel L. Jackson 's level is being dragged down by the rest.In this kind of movies the story does n't have to be that good if the stunts are great , but they can not even do that right
 I watched this movie because a friend said it was excellent , and claimed it was better than the Bond series . Being a Bond fan , I wanted to see weither James Bond or xXx was better ... I looked forward to the end of xXx . It bored me with its terrible plot line and not-so-witty comments . Also the action was a bit too far fetched . It was horrible.Had it not been a library movie ... I would have recycled it .
 XXX is like that popular girl that everybody wanted to date in high school . Y' know the one , the hot homecoming queen that is so popular you figure she 's got to be great and you dream about going out with her . Problem is , when you finally do ... you wonder what the big deal was because she 's got no personality and is as boring as an insurance sales convention !! And not as pretty as you thought she was , either!This movie is all marketing and technique and loud annoying German techno-metal , but there 's nothing cool about it ! How can that be when you 're talking about a movie about an extreme athlete who becomes a secret agent ? I have no idea how , but they 've made it lame.You get the feeling that the movie was spawned during a meeting of studio execs when some `` genius '' had the idea of a guy outrunning an avalanche with a snowboard . They just needed a way to fit it in a movie ... the result is a remarkably boring and overwrought piece of dreck , and also one of the five most fake movies of all time ! A heat-seeking missle homing in on a cigarette ? C'mon now , this is utterly absurd!Maybe if they had tried to make the movie a little more fun , a little more tongue-in-cheek , it might 've been okay . But it takes itself way more seriously than it ought to ... and the result is derivative and laughable . It 's on par with the worst of the James Bond movies ... which is pretty bad -LRB- ever see `` License to Kill '' ? -RRB- ! Everyone associated with this should 've known better ! 5/10 .
 THis movie is one of the dumbest that I have seen in a long time . It is completely lacking in sense or logic . THe beginning was cool becase of Rammstein , but it went downhill from there . Its fine for a movie to have attitude , but this was just too over the top . And the acting was pretty bad , too . No doubt that it is a showy film , but I would n't recommend it to anyone unless they like dumb action movies .
 First off , I like the film . But ... the blu-ray is disappointing . The clarity is not what I expected and no better than the DVD . In a word , grainy . So , if you got the film on DVD , just keep than and enjoy a fun action film . The blu-ray has no further special features or anything else special .
 `` xXx '' can be summed up in four words
 With last year 's ` Fast and The Furious ' and now ` XXX ' Director Rob Cohen and his team have come up with a new kind of movie franchise ; take some bad acting , sophmoric dialouge , surround them with a heavy metal soundtrack , a lot of special effects and tired stunts and hope for the best ... Vin Diesel was fine in supporting roles in `` Boiler Room '' and `` Saving Private Ryan '' but he ai n't no James Bond , and as an action superstar in `` XXX '' he displays as much charisma as yesterday 's bed of lettuce.Even the great Samuel J. Jackson is crippled by the deadly screenplay . . you can almost hear him saying to himself `` let me get my check and get the hell out of here '' ... The DVD is loaded with special features , but when a movie is this bad , it 's kind of like puttting a Lexus hood ornament on a Dodge Dart .
 this movie was so amazingly bad , i valued my time back more than the money i spent to see it . Nothing made sense , and after the first 10 minutes , i did n't care anyway , vin diesel 's worst movie without a shadow of a doubt
 `` XXX '' is a complete knock-off of a Bond film . Nothing is original or entertaining -LRB- Eeven the name XXX was copyed from The Spy Who Loved Me -RRB- . CGI is used way too often , and the plot-line is absolutely dumb ! And Vin Diesel really dose n't help the film . Diesel 's acting is horrible and film is filled with nonsense scenes.A few weeks ago I saw the new Bond film `` Die Another Day '' , and it totally blew `` XXX '' out of the water !
 Xtremely Unoriginal , Xtremley Boring , Xtremely Bad Acting.After the first 5 minutes i wanted to leave . This movie was that bad . Vin Diesel is anything but inconspictuous , and could never be a believable spy . The Human Muscle would whisper and his bass drop would echo the entire missle silo before he even knew it.This was more like a comedy on spy movies.This movie was flat out bad . Vin Diesel Can not act , he is a disgrace to movies . Arnold Should beat his bald ass for stepping foot onto a set and trying to make a good action movie . So far his best role was in Saving Private Ryan . : -RRB-
 A ho-hum `` hero '' goes against a boring villain.Yay.Stuff blows up just like in every other action movie there is.Yawn.So where 's the excitement?What happened to the plot?Why 'd the actors waste their time in this dud?Perhaps they were desperate for fame and money?Watch this and you 'll agree that this is the absolutely worst movie there ever is.If you want an exciting action film , go with `` Indiana Jones '' or `` Jurassic Park '' . Do n't throw your money away on `` XXX '' .
 I saw this movie with a group of friends - we rented it . We only watched about 3/4 of it too because it was so terrible
 There is nothing to recommned this film . To compare it with even the lesser Bond films is not possible . While the Bond films certainly played with reality , this film demands a complete suspension of belief . Vin Diesel , a good actor trapped in a large , clumsy body , looks - well , large and clumsy in the role . Here is a bit of typical dialogue
 This movie is what the outcome would of been if MTV 's `` Extreme Sports '' had been given a big budget and had thrown in some throwaway plot device . This movie does have some of the usual spy movie things that everyone is accustomed too . There are girls , fast cars , chases , weapons , gadgets , explosions , and all of that . What it does n't have is charm , emotion , fear , humor , character , or soul . It is completely empty . This is not Bond , and they are trying hard not to be . What a shame . Even though the deisgn of the end credits is obviously a rip-off of Bond 's opening credit sequences . Vin Diesel may have the braun to be an action hero , but he does n't have the talent or personality to make it worthwhile . A bit of that later . The movie was directed with hammy , over the top style by Rob Cohen , who directed Vin in `` The Fast And The Furious '' . The movie starts off with a Bond like character getting shot while in the middle of a rave . Very unsubtle and ridiculous . Thus begins the movie . Vin plays Xander Cage . His name is the only thing I like about this movie . He is an extreme sports enthusiast who videotapes all of his escapades . His introduction is one of them , and it 's meaningless and pointless . He is recruited by a national security agency under the watch of Augustus Gibbons -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- . Why Jackson took a nothing role with bad make-up and wig is beyond me . The agency has picked Xander as a new recruit to go and stop a villain named Yuri from destroying the city of Prague with a biological weapon . In the process , he gets involved with the man and falls for his lady Elena , who is played by Asia Argento . She is pretty and alluring in an odd , tough kind of way . Basically , there is no need for a plot when the only thing this film tries to do is to set up big action pieces that , most of the time , are not very well structured and seemed to be set up just for the sake of having something exciting happen . Many stunts and action pieces are so over the top that they are laughable . They made the movie as if they were taking it seriously , but you ca n't take this thing seriously . Obviously , they think that bigger muscles and action that is kicked up several gears makes for a better movie and a better secret agent . Wrong . It 's just over the top and beyond anything remotely plausible . Not that it has to be plausible . This is a mindless action film , and you are not going to get reality , but one would prefer some stuff that is not so gigantic that it leaves you with no feeling at all . Later Bind films have kicked up the action , and some are hard to believe , but it has a more fantasy laced feel to it , and it feels like it fits . This one tries to be real , but it 's as fake and cartoony as it gets . The humor is unbearable . They tried to do the Bond quips , and they fail horribly . They came too quick and there were too many early on . It does n't help that Diesel had an awful delivery and showcased no comedic talent whatsoever to deliver those lines . Actually , all of the dialogue was quite limp and uninspired . Diesel seems like a decent guy in real life , but he ca n't act his way out of a paper bag . He comes across as a monotone , wooden neanderthal with no charisma or personality . You ca n't root for him in the film because he does n't bring any kind of feeling in his character that would make you care if he died or lived . Same with Argento . But , he has muscles , and to some people that means talent . It just means he can flex his arm . We can all do that . He is the same thing in every movie . I wanted to get into the movie . I really did . It was just a hard , cold , unfeeling film that left you with nothing but 2 hours wasted . It 's a film and a character that will long be forgotten from your memory by the time you get up from your seat . We need a secret agent who has been around the block . We need a character with feeling and passion . Not a dude who gets his kicks of driving cars off bridges and filming it just for kicks . 007 , you have nothing to worry about .
 This movie sucks ! How can you compare this movie which -LRB- I have read -RRB- is to depose all the James Bond movies particularly the latest Bond Movie Die Another Day ? The Gadgets , The Bond Girl
 Where to start ? How about this . Just as annoying as the super agent who knows everything . Always has the right tools to get the job done & full of witty remarks comes a story at the opposite end of the spectrum . Another attempt at the bumbling-idiot-that-just-so-happens-to-save-the-day cliche . Full of things that go fast , extreme sports refrences , & cheesy over-the-top male bravado . This attempt tries to capitalize on pop culture in every way . Without attacking a particular class of people , let 's just say that this will appeal to those that do n't mind shallow and mindless action movies . Everything goes boom and the day is saved . Oh yah . Now that 's entertainment .
 Read great reviews for this movie , could n't wait to buy it when it came out . Enjoy watching action adventure flicks , thought this one would be right up there . Have yet to finish it , bad acting , campy scenes , & ludacris dialogue , put me to sleep both times i tried to watch it , not sure what the plot is supposed to be anymore , if it has one . Rent it before you buy . Seeing it once , if you make it through , may be enough .
 I attempted to watch this film a few different times . I could just never quite get to the end . It 's not because it 's a particularly bad movie in fact it 's just a modern day version of James Bond ... its just that it never really excited me . The one redeeming factor is the car - it really becomes a character of its own .
 I was so dissappointed . What a stupid movie . I could only watch about 30 minutes of it before hitting the eject button . Since they do n't have half stars , divide my rating by 2 .
 I must admit I was rather excited to see this film when it came to the rental market . What with all the tantilizing teasers and trailers , it looked like a no holds barred all out adventure that would delight any action fan . Well , this action fan was n't exactly delighted to say the least.XXX was no where close to being hardcore . First of all let it be known that the overall idea behind the film was not so bad . An extreme sports hero recruited to be an undercover agent ... ok , could be cool . UNfortunatley thats about as far as the accolades go for this film.Now , the other side . First ... a PG-13 rating ... I knew that it could n't be hard core enough . I was n't wrong . This film would have greatly benefited from additional sex & violence , even if it meant that younger movie goers would not have been as readily permitted into the theaters . I mean , come on ! Its an action film , not a suspense thriller . Action films , and their fans thrive on the sex and violence!Second . Ok , extreme sports ... fine , but soem of the stuff that happens in this film ? No way , just too cheesey for any to really enjoy . Is this a video game or a movie ?! Overall . I think Vin Deisel is one of the new action stars to keep an eye on . His character in Fast & Furious was excellent , and he played well . This films poor ratings were not his fault ... it was simply the movie . However , it is worth viewing once , despite its flaws.Hey , how about a XXX 2 ? This time ... give something a little more hardcore or next time just call him PG-13 !
 The previews made me want to get out and watch the movie . To my surprise , this movie -LSB- was unacceptable -RSB- . I did everthing I could to stay awake . The story was not interesting . The acting was bad . Vin Diesel may be a popular actor , but his popularity was n't enough to make this a good movie . It just was n't interesting . Do n't be hyped by this movie , it 's not all that .
 There is something inexplicably excellent about the blantant mediocrity of XXX . It kind of makes me proud to be an American . Nowhere else could a film like this get made , and then have everyone go see it . I mean this film is ABSURD ! I bet they call the sequal `` XXX 2
 Purchased this , wasted money . If your gon na release high def movies -LRB- sony -RRB- , should n't they be high def ? There is way too much grain on this disc and when there is n't the picture is ` soft ' . When I say soft I mean not much details , especially in ` face ' shots -LRB- do n't get me wrong there are some bright spots on the disc -RRB- . Love the high def format alot but studios need to make sure we are getting just that on every release and not rush these things to market just to make a quick profit -LRB- the format is about the ` DETAILS ' -RRB- . If you do it right the 1st time you 'll find us coming back for more without hestitation , without having to go to sights like highdefdigest reading reviews to make sure the video quality is OK .
 The problem with this tepid movie is Rob Cohen -LRB- the skateboardingfourteen year old teenager 's favourite -RRB- he makes action films for for skipnot fans who do n't shave and live in suburbia ! If this movie was made for a more adult audience , it could have been good . As for Vin Disel , he is capable of much much more . Apart from Pitch Black and ElDiablo -LRB- before it was turned into A Man Apart -RRB- he comes off as a member of The ATeam ! The baddies are sterotyped euro trash with greasy hair in toe . In future Mr Disel should make R rated movies , period . 007 do n't worry , do n't worry at all , you are the best secret agent !
 I was looking forward to watching this on DVD because I missed it in the theater , but I got really close to turning it off during the movie . It 's just boring , there 's no good story , no good acting , nothing worth seeing in my opinion . It 's really silly and unbelieavable but not even a fun watch . I would not reccomend spending any money on this movie , and if you get it as a gift , return it and watch something else .
 Okay , this movie is really not very good . I do n't like James Bond type of movies . They are always unbelievable and full of outrageous stunts which annoy me . Well this is XXX . Vin Diesel , who plays Xander Cage , is a daredevil criminal of sorts who is recruited by the government to be a secret agent . There is really no other plot . It is goofy and full of one-liners that are lame . Samuel L. Jackson is disappointing , at best . Asia Argento is n't a horrible actress . Vin Diesel , what can I say ? I bought this extremely disappointing DVD simply because Vin is the star . Vin is hot . I would watch anything , even this movie , to see Vin Diesel . He is amazing . There should be a Vin Diesel channel where it is only Vin 24x7 . That is a perfect world . Perfect ...
 I realize what this movie was trying to do . It was trying to be a James Bond kind of film for the X or Extreme generation that is into adrenaline pumping sports that usually cause them pain from trauma to the testicle region or have highlights that make you go , `` holy cow ! That had to hurt ! '' over and over . But the thing that they screwed up was making the extreme stuff look to unrealistic and stupid . I liked Vin Diesels character of Xander Cage and I think he has a distinct cool look , charisma and voice that gets him over . His love interest who I will refer to as ` heroin chic ' because of her big dark circles under her eyes is kind of hot but also kind of looks like she might need some methadone and a few months in a detox . I also liked the style and wardrobe that was used when they were in Russian including Xanders big furry coat and the villians apparel . And to the heels or villian ? I liked them all . They were all big hairy eastern European badasses and I thought XXX was a interesting contrast to them.But I must say , this movie pretty much sucked . I have watched it since the first time and like it a bit more than the first time because I am seeing it now for what it really is which is just action shlock . It is n't meant to be taken serious and if you watch it just sit back , make fun of the stupid stuff and enjoy the good and bad . And check out racoon eyes at the end in her bikini and her large tattoo around the nether regions . Still ca n't say if I am attracted to her or not . Its possible that I just want to give her a hot bowl of soup and a couple of sliced cucumbers to put on those dark circles under her eyes .
 The first 3 minutes is all that you need to see . It shows a spy being chased into a Rammstein concert where it shows them playing the song Feur Frei ! After that the movie just sucks , it has a bad plot and bad acting .
 The second time sucked though . The movie has action for the first few parts , but then it slows to a crawl . The first 20 minutes or so of the movie are really boring . As soon as we learn about Anarchy 99 , the movie slows down . Seriously , when the movie is n't in an action scene it is crap . I would write more , but I do n't want to waste my time .
 A little bit into this movie I was thinking
 This movie is literally a copy of James Bond movie.The only diffirence is the agent who tries to be a `` cool '' -LRB- skater , action renegade , trash talking , ... -RRB- agent in the name of being the `` new age agent '' . Vin Diesel totally ... . The movie is tried to be an original one by having a close-to-teenage guy , who is totally stupid.The story is probably one of the most senseless ones in the movie world.Who would like the destroy all the governments so everyone could be free , by poisioning the world?For the ones still interested in this movie and want to know about this movie : a movie that lacks everything to be a good agent classic.I think Vin Diesel and this movie 's makers should watch more James Bond before they shoot the next one .
 Received the CD and it was damaged in several places
 This is the worst action movie ever . This is my first DVD that I had that I was so bored . That I wanted to take my DVD movie and break it to a million pieces . Save your money get something else .
 JAGUAR LIVES ! is a 1978 James Bond wannabe film.This drug lord -LRB- a young white guy who knows karate -RRB- unites drug lords from around the world -LRB- who look like aging United Nations types -RRB- to form a cartel . What follows is a highly disjointed non-story in which the hero -LRB- a martial arts guy named `` Jaguar '' -RRB- goes from the Mideast , to Latin America , to Hong Kong , to Spain , to Macao , to Paris , to Africa , to Spain.But do n't be fooled by that itinerary . Everything in JAGUAR LIVES ! is ultra low-budget and second rate . The sexpot sirens are not so sexy , the cars not so slick , the villains not so menacing . Much of the film appears to be shot outside Los Angeles , with stock footage of various foreign locals before each scene.And do n't be fooled by the all-star cast -LRB- Christopher Lee , Donald Pleasance , Barbara Bach , John Huston -RRB- . Pleasance and Lee seemed to have shot their scenes in one day . Bach and Huston over two days.NONE of this A-List cast interacts with Jaguar as an equal . Bach is a spy boss who admires Jaguar and gives him his instructions , but he does n't get to sleep with Bach , only with the no-name actresses . Lee is a villain who menaces Jaguar , but mainly by sending others to do dirty work . Jaguar does n't get to fight or destroy Lee , he only kills the no-name actor playing the drug lord.This is a very 1970s film . One evil rich guy dresses in a brown polyester suit with wide lapels and tie . Jaguar dresses in `` cool '' polyester windbreaker with turtleneck . And despite his jet-setting , he never shows signs of jet lag . His blow-dried , blond-dyed tresses are always fully puffed.And in stereotypical 1970s fashion , we know Jaguar is a good guy because he has a Black Friend who is attacked for no reason by racist rednecks , and Jaguar helps his Black Friend beat them up in a karate fight . -LRB- I guess this film was also trying to rip off BILLY JACK in addition to the James Bond and martial arts films of the day . -RRB- In the end a police raid easily nabs all the drug cartel bosses -LRB- where are their bodyguards ? -RRB- at a deserted Spanish castle . Meanwhile , the top drug lord has a karate fight with Jaguar . The outcome will determine whether all the young people in the world will do drugs . Pretty high stakes , no ? Good thing Jaguar wins the karate fight.Bach is easy on the eyes , although Leonard Maltin was right when he said of one of her films , `` Bach does her usual walk through . `` This film is only for Bach , Lee , or Pleasance completists , or for fans of crappy low-budget karate/thriller movies from the 1970s .
 JAGUAR LIVES ! is a 1978 James Bond wannabe film.This drug lord -LRB- a young white guy who knows karate -RRB- unites drug lords from around the world -LRB- who look like aging United Nations types -RRB- to form a cartel . What follows is a highly disjointed non-story in which the hero -LRB- a martial arts guy named `` Jaguar '' -RRB- goes from the Mideast , to Latin America , to Hong Kong , to Spain , to Macao , to Paris , to Africa , to Spain.But do n't be fooled by that itinerary . Everything in JAGUAR LIVES ! is ultra low-budget and second rate . The sexpot sirens are not so sexy , the cars not so slick , the villains not so menacing . Much of the film appears to be shot outside Los Angeles , with stock footage of various foreign locals before each scene.And do n't be fooled by the all-star cast -LRB- Christopher Lee , Donald Pleasance , Barbara Bach , John Huston -RRB- . Pleasance and Lee seemed to have shot their scenes in one day . Bach and Huston over two days.NONE of this A-List cast interacts with Jaguar as an equal . Bach is a spy boss who admires Jaguar and gives him his instructions , but he does n't get to sleep with Bach , only with the no-name actresses . Lee is a villain who menaces Jaguar , but mainly by sending others to do dirty work . Jaguar does n't get to fight or destroy Lee , he only kills the no-name actor playing the drug lord.This is a very 1970s film . One evil rich guy dresses in a brown polyester suit with wide lapels and tie . Jaguar dresses in `` cool '' polyester windbreaker with turtleneck . And despite his jet-setting , he never shows signs of jet lag . His blow-dried , blond-dyed tresses are always fully puffed.And in stereotypical 1970s fashion , we know Jaguar is a good guy because he has a Black Friend who is attacked for no reason by racist rednecks , and Jaguar helps his Black Friend beat them up in a karate fight . -LRB- I guess this film was also trying to rip off BILLY JACK in addition to the James Bond and martial arts films of the day . -RRB- In the end a police raid easily nabs all the drug cartel bosses -LRB- where are their bodyguards ? -RRB- at a deserted Spanish castle . Meanwhile , the top drug lord has a karate fight with Jaguar . The outcome will determine whether all the young people in the world will do drugs . Pretty high stakes , no ? Good thing Jaguar wins the karate fight.Bach is easy on the eyes , although Leonard Maltin was right when he said of one of her films , `` Bach does her usual walk through . `` This film is only for Bach , Lee , or Pleasance completists , or for fans of crappy low-budget karate/thriller movies from the 1970s .
 JAGUAR LIVES ! is a 1978 James Bond wannabe film.This drug lord -LRB- a young white guy who knows karate -RRB- unites drug lords from around the world -LRB- who look like aging United Nations types -RRB- to form a cartel . What follows is a highly disjointed non-story in which the hero -LRB- a martial arts guy named `` Jaguar '' -RRB- goes from the Mideast , to Latin America , to Hong Kong , to Spain , to Macao , to Paris , to Africa , to Spain.But do n't be fooled by that itinerary . Everything in JAGUAR LIVES ! is ultra low-budget and second rate . The sexpot sirens are not so sexy , the cars not so slick , the villains not so menacing . Much of the film appears to be shot outside Los Angeles , with stock footage of various foreign locals before each scene.And do n't be fooled by the all-star cast -LRB- Christopher Lee , Donald Pleasance , Barbara Bach , John Huston -RRB- . Pleasance and Lee seemed to have shot their scenes in one day . Bach and Huston over two days.NONE of this A-List cast interacts with Jaguar as an equal . Bach is a spy boss who admires Jaguar and gives him his instructions , but he does n't get to sleep with Bach , only with the no-name actresses . Lee is a villain who menaces Jaguar , but mainly by sending others to do dirty work . Jaguar does n't get to fight or destory Lee , he only kills the no-name actor playing the drug lord.This is a very 1970s film . One evil rich guy dresses in a brown polyester suit with wide lapels and tie . Jaguar dresses in `` cool '' polyester windbreaker with turtleneck . And despite his jet-setting , he never shows signs of jet lag . His blow-dried , blond-dyed tresses are always fully puffed.And in stereotypical 1970s fashion , we know Jaguar is a good guy because he has a Black Friend who is attacked for no reason by racist rednecks , and Jaguar helps his Black Friend beat them up in a karate fight . -LRB- I guess this film was also trying to rip off BILLY JACK in addition to the James Bond and martial arts films of the day . -RRB- In the end a police raid easily nabs all the drug cartel bosses -LRB- where are their bodyguards ? -RRB- at a deserted Spanish castle . Meanwhile , the top drug lord has a karate fight with Jaguar . The outcome will determine whether all the young people in the world will do drugs . Pretty high stakes , no ? Good thing Jaguar wins the karete fight.Bach is easy on the eyes , although Leonard Maltin was right when he said of one of her films , `` Bach does her usual walk through . `` This film is only for Bach , Lee , or Pleasance completists , or for fans of crappy low-budget karate/thriller movies from the 1970s .
 During the 1960s and early 70s Joe Lewis was my favorite competitive karate fighter.And so I looked forward to seeing the legendary martial arts champion in his first starring role.What a disappointment.Jaguar Lives is little more than a low-budget James Bond rip-off . Okay let 's be fair . Most martial arts movies from this era were low-budget affairs and that includes ENTER THE DRAGON.Being a low-budget movie is n't always a bad thing.Quite often a low-budget affair can be more entertaining than some big-budget Hollywood production.This however was n't one of those times.This 1979 film has Lewis playing the role of a jet-setting secret agent who goes up against an international drug cartel.The handsome , athletically muscular Lewis shows little onsreen charisma.It just may have been too much to ask to have a neophyte actor carry the picture on his own.The film does feature a few big name stars -LRB- Christopher Lee , Donald Pleasance -RRB- but they have little to do here.And veteran African-American action movie star , Woody Strode -LRB- SPARTACUS , SARGAENT RUTLEDGE , THE PROFESSIONALS , TARZAN 'S THREE CHALLENGES -RRB- is terribly miscast as Lewis ' sensei.Truthfully the only thing to recomend this film are it 's fight scenes.It 's only when Lewis goes into action that the Jaguar lives .
 This session was recorded in Ohio in 1980 . I do n't know what kind of recording equipment was used , but the sound is terrible !
 50 minutes of time is too short to talk about Lenin and the political changes he brought into Russia . Definately he is one of the Biography 's bad guy . I noticed that the Biography -LRB- and interviewed american academic professors -RRB- hardly says anything good about Lenin . Was it really a political propoganda that made quarter of million people come out in that freezing cold when Lenin died ? No interviews with Russians to find out their present feeling toward Lenin . Although I get irritated with the Bolsheviks I was interested in Lenin 's personal life apart from his political life . Not much detail about that .
 The DVD was entertaining but it gave you the feeling as if Lenin who was such a great figure in Russia has led a very passive life ... Lenin was a very weak figure always in exile . I dont know what to believe ?
 I bought this dvd to watch and hopefully get more information . I bought a guide book also . Frommer 's 2012 guide book . It is very good.This is the worst dvd I have watched in a very long time . The music is 70 's porn star creepy . The narrator has the worst bad jokes and dumb sayings through out this dvd.What a waste of money .
 I purchased the Frankenstein one , it was ` nt as good . I tell you , I think these tapes should 've been longer . But they sure do put in a lot of stuff in a small slot.It seems Oliver Reed voiced this when he was older because I can barely hear him . A couple of the films in the series were left out and I found it annoying since that nothing besides the footage was in it .
 First off , I want to say that I simply could not agree more with the review written by Glenn Gallagher , but I think his 3 star rating is a bit too high.I really enjoy some of David Mamet 's work and was thrilled to find a Criterion release of one of his films that I had never heard of before.I went into this so excited . David Mamet - Joe Mantegna - William Macy - Ving Rhames in a movie exploring a crime and dealing with issues of faith . How could have I never heard of this before?Unfortunately the dialogue on this movie is very heavy handed and many times comes across literally like people are reading from a script for a play , -LRB- especially when Macy and Mantegna are in the car driving together -RRB- . It is jarring , bizarre and frankly distracting . As the aformentioned reviewer mentioned before , no one talks to each like that in real life . I suppose if the entire movie was made/written this way , that would be one thing . But the jumping back and forth between `` is this a movie/is this a play '' takes away from the momentum.MINI-SPOLIER ALERTAlso , Mantegna 's character almost instanteously makes a leap from not caring about his heritage to caring , nearly at the drop of a hat . Why the sudden change ? It 's not exactly like the folks who won him over did so by digging deep and engaging in many stirring conversations . They literally just asked him who he really was a couple of times and Whammo - insta-conversion to the cause . Next thing you know Mantegna 's character is willing to firebomb buildings . Huh ? Just not enough meat on those bones for me to buy into the conversion . Sorry.END SPOILERAny way , seeing how many folks have had this film resonate with them , I do n't imagine this review will be a very popular one . With the recent sale on Criterion Collection DVDs , I almost just up and put this one in the cart and bought it based on the story line , the actors and the reviews here . I am so glad I did n't now.I guess the main purpose of my review is to tell you to rent this one first before buying . For most , this movie appears to be very appealing and I obviously do n't take any issues with that . Art speaks to us all in different ways . For me , this movie was a big time disappointment .
 Viewed
 If only this movie came on a normal Region coding i could watch it on my DVD player and not my laptop . This is one of Mamets great films only second to `` Sparten . '' A must watch if you can find on normal DVD , but like the orginal `` Blade Runner , '' you may never get it on DVD . later !
 First of all this movie does n't even closely follow the great stroy by EB White . There is a mouse named Stuart , and he does belong to the Little family , but that is where the similarity ends.And to hear several 4 letter words during the movie is very discouraging to see in what would otherwise be a decent movie to let some 3-5 year olds watch over and over and over . Not in my house .
 There are good things about the movie , there are bad things about the movie . The four-year-old reviewer did n't like it because , and I quote , `` the cats were mean . '' They were also funny , and the feline antics in this movie were one of its high points . The kid who played George was top-nitch , as well , even if the script he had to work with was a little thin -LRB- movies where one cast member 's feelings about another go from hate to love in one scene drive me bats , and it happens here twice -RRB- . Having never read E. B. White 's book , I 've no idea whether any of this at all was faithful to that , but if so , I need to go back and look at E. B. White with a far more critical eye ; I think he 's a better writer than this , though . Blame the adaptation.And the mouse ? The animation was good . Could have been better , but then I saw this five days after seeing Toy Story 2 , and anyone 's animation would pale in comparison to the wonders being churned out twice yearly by Pixar . So I ca n't really fault them for not spending the extra twenty million or so to come up with the world 's best animation.Now for the humans . First off , no one will be giving makeup Oscars to the person who worked on Geena Davis ; had someone hit her with a ruler during the making of this film , it would have sunk in at least to the 6 . She moves very slowly throughout the movie , no doubt because she 's wearing at least fifty pounds of pancake makeup . The other main human character is Hugh Laurie ; I 've never been a Fry and Laurie fan , but I must admit he 's an engaging sort . Almost as good as the kid.And then come the cameos . There were so many stars in this movie with less than a minute of screen time I had flashbacks to The Thin Red Line . The always-underrated Kimmy Robertson shows up for a single line ; Dabney Coleman gets about fifteen seconds . And so on , and so on . Even Chazz Palminteri -LRB- as the voice of the main alley cat -RRB- gets more screen time , and he never shows up bodily . Sheesh . -LRB- Palminteri , by the way , is a riot . -RRB- Even Estelle Getty , who 's a many-times-proven comic genius , gets one line . The rest of her screen time is great because she plays a deadpan role better than any other seventy-odd-year-old lady in movies today , but it 's still a waste of awe-inspiring talent.So what do we have ? A cute story that could have been scripted better ; an excellent cast that could have been used better ; and a bunch of really , really good animals . You make the call . If you take into account the fact that I got free parking out of it , I paid $ 1.25 , which is about right .
 I bought this DVD for my three-year-old , having recently read him the book by E.B. White . I decided to preview it first , and I 'm glad I did ! This movie should come with a warning label
 Shyamalan rewrote the classic children 's book by E.B. White , one the most respected and beloved authors in the English language . And in EBWHite 's book , Stuart is NOT an orphan . He is happy and adventurous , and in his travels he charms everyone he meets with his friendly cheerful attitude and his concern for his friends . Shyamalan throws away the entire plot and recasts Stuart as a mopey little rodent looking for his real parents . Also , the book has lots of lively action for the kids while slipping in little verbal absurdities for the adult reader . Shyamalan 's dark and lifeless version loses both . Get SL2 , which is closer the original book .
 DELUXE EDITION ? FOR WHO ? RELEASING THIS FILM AGAIN BUT NOT MAKING IT A WIDESCREEN RATIO IS A BIG MISTAKE . IF THEIR AIM IS TO PLEASE CHILDREN , I HAVE NEWS FOR THEM . KIDS DO N'T EVEN NOTICE THE BLACK BARS WHEN THEY ARE WATCHING WIDESCREEN MOVIES . PARENTS BUY THE MOVIES AND ENJOY THEM ALONG WITH THEIR CHILDREN , EITHER OFFER THE MOVIES WITH BOTH WIDESCREEN AND FULL FRAME VERSIONS AVAILABLE OR SUFFER LOW SALES BECAUSE OF SHORT SIGHTED SALES BLUNDERS .
 I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A WHOLE LOT BETTER.THE MAN THING THAT BUGGED ME IS STURAT IS SUPPOSED TO BE A CHILD MOUSE SO WHY USE A ADULTS VOCIE . THERE WAS ONE PART A LIKED THOUGH ANDD THAT WAS THE PART WHEN THE ONE CAT SMILED AND SAID PLEASE . ALSO WHY DOES EVERY THINK JOTHAN LIPNICK IS SO CUTE . HE NOT THAT GREAT .
 I found this movie to portay the adoptive process erroneously . I 'm very glad that I previewed this movie before allowing my children to view it . The movie makes a mockery of the adoptive process and the committment and legal finality of the process . The writers could have stayed true to the origional story by e.b. white and still made a truely wonderful and fantesy filled movie . But instead the movies ignites every fear an adoptive child has about being taken away . The movie should carry a warning about its content , like `` This movie makes a mockery of adoption . '' Or `` This movie will terrify adopted kids . ''
 Parents , do yourself and your children a favor and DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS HORRIBLE FILM and instead , spend the SAME money on buying the BOOK.Then , READ THE BOOK to your children . It will take about an hour and thirty minutes , approximately the same running time as this film.The result ? Your child will have an invaluable touch with a piece of classic American children 's literature and a precious memory of time spent with you reading the story.If you plop them in front of the TV and watch this dreck you will have rotted their minds.My wife and I pre-screened this film and immediately THREW IT IN THE TRASH . -LRB- Full disclosure
 This is the typical American family movie that I love to hate . The Little family walked around wearing big cheesy grins , to a point where I wanted to punch the smiles off with my fist . Stuart is WAY too cute for my liking . The only time I was amused was when Stuart got stuck in the washing machine -LRB- unfortunatley , Mrs. Little got him out -RRB- . Thank goodness this movie only went for an hour and a half . Any longer and I would 've gone insane .
 CHARLOTTE 'S WEB IS BETTER BECAUSE THE MOVIE HAD TEMPLETON IN IT . -LRB- TEMPLETON IS MY BOYFRIEND -RRB- ! SO . . I WANT EVERYONE TO KNOW
 I am so glad I watched this movie before showing it to my daughter . I and MANY parents in the adoptive community were very disappointed at the way the subject of adoption was handled in this movie . So scary for an adopted child to feel his/her hard won love and security in a family is ominously threatened . The effects and the acting in this movie are fabulous ; nonetheless I give the movie * negative 5 stars * for its insensitive handling of a very delicate issue for any adopted child . -LRB- * Please ignore the 1 star above . The review could not be accepted without checking at least one star . -RRB-
 there is a child molester named jeffrey jones in this movie i would not want a child watching this movie you need to read who is in it and what they have done .
 Show this movie to little kids ? I do n't think so . I would n't even show this to a ten-year-old , unless I wanted him to walk around saying `` damn '' and `` what the hell '' all day long.Stuart Little -LRB- the book -RRB- is enchanting . This movie is foul . Let 's set aside for a moment that the plot of the movie is unrelated to the book . The movie as it stands does not measure up to what it could have been.Poor Stuart is so pitiful and miserable through 75 % of the movie . Wasted potential.I wish it could have been a movie to love . The visuals and the animation , the settings , costumes , and characters -LRB- apart from the cats -RRB- are so , so good . But the trash-talking cats and the pathetic loneliness of the main character undo all the positives . No thanks .
 Okay , here 's what I like about Stuart Little . I did like Geena Davis , Hugh Laurie , and Nathan Lane . All three of them gave very good performances . That 's it . The rest of the movie is trash . I never read E.B. White 's original children 's book , so I have nothing against the actual story . One of the problems I have with this film in particular is that it tries really hard to be as sweet as it can , and it turns out to look and feel MUCH too sentimental . The dialogue is corny , and the humor is dull -LRB- even for a family film -RRB- . Plus , the innocence and cuteness of the main character -LRB- of the same name -RRB- is forced to the point that he is painfully irritating to look at . Now , Michael J. Fox is a brilliant actor , but his voice for the mouse does get annoying by the second half of the film . And I never liked the roles that Jonathan Lipnicki has ever played -LRB- including the one in the film Jerry Maguire -RRB- , and his character named George Little is a big reminder of why I do n't . You may think that I 'm too harsh , but honestly I do n't completely hate this film . Davis , Laurie , and Lane are indeed good , but they ca n't save Stuart Little from being a pretty bad film . It tries too hard to be cute and innocent , but in the end result , it 's almost annoying.Grade
 It 's a crime and a sin what was done to E.B. White 's classic children 's novel . Heartless Hollywood got hold of it , ripped its guts out , threw in some snazzy effects , irrelevant slapstick , and rock music , and dared to call it `` Stuart Little . '' All in the name of money . I 'm not saying some six year-olds wo n't have fun watching it , but for the love of integrity , someone please read them the book .
 they do n't talk about funny stuffsthey do n't pretend to be dead.They do n't go fast with a car.Can ' t put them to a jail.Can ' t have a hot rideCa n't go full blast with a car
 I have a couple of reasons why this is bad :1 . Loads of language such as `` Lets rep his head off '' .2 . Nathan lane and Steve Zahn are the only funneies in the movie .3 . Mild peril for PG .4 . They talk about Wine and Beer . Note
 I do n't know what is all the fuss about this movie . Obviously they tried to capture all our hearts with this non-sense about a little orphan mouse -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- and the really absurd family that adopts him . I think that they should 've taken it straight to video and never let people spend $ 8 for a movie ticket to sleep over it .
 My two young children enjoyed watching this movie , but I was very disappointed when I heard the cats swearing . I do n't want my children to pick up and mimic that language , thinking that it 's cute and fun because it is from this movie . The mice and cats are very cute and well done , but the cursing did n't add anything to what should have been a family show . For cute animals , there are better movies to watch .
 After watching SL2 DVD close to 10 times with my 2-year-old daughter and loved it every time , I bought this DVD with great expectations . What a terrible let down . Where SL2 is cheerful , uplifting , witty , charming , and full of energy , this one is just the opposite - dark , dreary and sad . In SL2 , Mr. and Ms. Little are unfailingly optimistic . Here , they often look haggard and defeated . In SL2 , Snow Bell/Nathan Lane stole the show with a warm heart , a terrific voice and some of the funniest one-liners . Here , the voice is deadpan and the cat is just mean . In SL2 , Michael J Fox voiced Stuart so well , I literally see Stuart as Fox - the two -LRB- the actor and the character -RRB- have became one . Here , I get the distinct feeling that an actor , Fox , is reading the script behind the mouse , Stuart . In SL2 , Falcon is a bad guy you love to hate . Here , Smoky is just a dislikeable bad guy . I actually felt bad about watching this to my little daughter because I did n't know how to explain a lot of the meanness . This is a case for which the sequel far out did the original . I should have rented instead of bought - once is enough with this movie .
 It would have been so easy to make this into a funny movie . All they needed was more cute and slapstick mouse humor . They missed every opportunity , until the credits were rolling . Then , in a small video window next to the scrolling text , was every funny scene we 'd seen in the previews.Skip this one . Rent Toy Story instead .
 This movie called Stuart Little because its title character is a mouse , not because it has anything to do with E.B White 's book of the same name . I felt like I was watching a re-telling of `` Annie '' rather than seeing a film version of a great story . A typical result of creating a giant marketing and merchandising machine .
 The 1 star is for the DVD which is appalling . It appears little more than video quality transposed to DVD which defeats the point . Surely someone can find the negative or a 35 or 16m print somewhere?The film itself is of it 's time , but probably brilliant . It 's environmental warning is as pertinent as ever and it shows that there was plenty of early scepticism amongst the forever young/free love generation . The film is populated by barely clothed , nubile , erotic dollybirds -LRB- Isa 's protruding tongue and peeling of a banana got me all of a quiver -RRB- and strapping young men . I thought there might be some other agenda behind the hiring of these unknowns but it 's right for the story . The young scientists are emotionally immature and easily distracted -LRB- Karen with her ring -RRB- and their free love idealism soon receives a painful rebuke . Their lack of foresight over the possibilities of lingering contamination , especially in the light of their ` discovery ' , is puzzling . Idaho Transfer is a strangely serene and relaxing experience , a spell that even the introduction of aggression and inevitable tragedy can not dissipate . It 's disturbing ending , described in a review I read as ` ridiculous ' , is actually to my liking , brilliantly banal in the way life tends to be . The pessimistic metaphor is the skimming rock earlier in the film . We can only go so far in the natural order is the message . Subtly directed , this Paradise Lost set in the future is well worth investigating , but a better print is sorely needed .
 This was a deeply disappointing video in so many ways ! -LRB- 1 -RRB- Poor transfer quality - The DVD looks like a videotape . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Plot was disconnected and rambling with a complete plot failure at the ending . -LRB- 3 -RRB- No special effects budget and it shows ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- The plot was full of holes . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Amateurish acting - Varying from wooden and stiff to over-emoting some of the scenes.I appreciated the obligatory panty shots of the starlets , but that 's not enough to save this movie . The real shame was that some of the holes in the plot were so raw and gaping that I could n't connect with the movie at all.Here are some of the most dreadful plot holes : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Why in the hell did they put the future transfer station in the middle of barren ancient lava fields in Idaho ? If the whole point was to `` save the human race '' by sending some young people forward past the `` catastrophe '' why not locate the transfer station near a place with water and soil instead of rocks . They do n't even pretend the future transfer station is located at the same geographic place as the lab - So that 's not the reason or the limitation . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I can accept the dark irony of these young people being sterilized by the transfer so they can not `` save the human race '' . The whole premise of the movie is some near future cataclysm wiped out most people -LRB- apparently turned them to dust ? -RRB- and left the survivors severely mentally retarded . And these young people are supposed to repopulate the earth . But could n't the writer come up with some explanation of what that catastrophe was ? - It 's just the central premise of the movie ! -LRB- 3 -RRB- The ending just plain blew chunks ! What was the writer or director trying to convey in the final scene ? Are they trying to say that the survivors in the farther future are picking up people who just happen to wander by and are using them for fuel for their car ? Give me a break - The matrix this is not ! This future family out for a drive did n't hunt or lay a trap . They just picked up a gal that dragged herself near the road and could n't go on . Yeah , you can count on that happening every day or two - NOT ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- The tagline on the case `` Can the ideals of the past save the future ? '' Is some publicist 's wet dream ? It does n't match the movie at all ! Which `` Ideals of the past '' are we talking about - Is it the gal who goes nuts and kills her companions when she stays at the future transfer station ? Is it the bitchey gal who refuses to read her dad 's letters from the past to find out what happened ? Is it the traveling hippy pair we see early in the movie ? - Say , maybe the idiot children are theirs?By the way , for some reason the female characters all seemed to favor each other to the point I had some trouble telling the characters apart . I 'm guessing Mr. Peter Fonda liked girls that looked that way . Could n't we have had a little variety ? The guys were more varied .
 The premise seemed alluring ... saving the world in secret by use of time travel to the future ... But nothing makes much sense in this movie . all of The charactors ca n't think past their nose . What drives them on ? oh yeah their unknown B actors getting paid to play in a truly pathectic Sci-Fi ... Like most reviewers I tend not to write about somthing that really just sucks , but I had to this time cause this one pissed me off so . I 've seen many B-movie Sci-fi 's but this one takes the cake . Of all the movies waiting to be transfered to DVD what Exec . Booted this one into production ? Must be another groopie friend of Peter Fonda . I thought with Fonda 's name attached to it , it could n't be half bad . But was I wrong !
 Most people plunking down the money to buy TV series box sets are already fans of the show , so I 'm not rating MWC itself , which I love , only the DVD.First off the video quality is poor , even by DVD TV series standards . I 'm not expecting high definition but the video looks like a home TV recording on VHS . They made zero effort on transferring the video to DVD , maybe hoping for a ` remastered ' version later when all the suckers have bought the shoddy ones first.There are no special features , save the ` easter eggs ' showing snippets of the MWC reunion originally shown on Fox TV . Easter eggs are lame . Just show the entire thing . There 's no commentary , no behind the scenes , nothing else . Even the menus look like they were composed by someone sitting at their home PC using template ` X ' . Finally , I had heard the theme music was n't going to make this DVD and they were going to use a brand new one for the 3rd season box set . But I figured it was no big deal . Wrong . It was jarring . That intro is just as much part of the show as the show itself . They would have been better off not having any at all.I 'm positive that MWC is going to be re-released more professionally at soeme future date . But the crap they 're pushing out now is shameful .
 Columbia Tristar does n't want to pay the license fee for the opening theme and will be releasing this season without it - thereby ruining the show.So if you buy this set you 'll be sending a message to the studios that they can do whatever they want to maximise their profits.If this set sells well then you can kiss ALL original music on ALL TV boxsets goodbye .
 My Favourite Brunette is a wonderful movie . It 's problem is that because it is `` public domain '' , anyone can release it , and hence we get lots of techincally terrible versions of a great film . The some studios even have the audacity to declare that they 've released a remastered or enhanced version , which is an outright swindle as the release is stil CRAP ! I 'd love to name names but those of us who 've dealt with this company know it 's tricks ! -LRB- I returned these two `` enhanced/remastered '' DVDs and got all my money back ! -RRB- But back to our film ... I 'm hoping that Kino gets a little less snobby and gives this film the attention it deseves . If not , I 'm sure Image Entertainment or the Roan Group could do good jobs . Finally , why not let Legend Films colorize it ????? More young people would want to see this movie , and for the purist , Legend Films does a good job in B&W ; restoration , and has both versions in all of it 's products . It would certainly be better than anything out there now !
 If you 're a Bob Hope fan , this movie rates at least 4 stars . Bob Hope was on the top of his game in the 1940 's , and this is one of his best . Unfortunately , the movie is practically unwatchable due to one of the worst transfers to disc that you will ever find . The sound and picture quality are bad beyond my ability to describe . Maybe someday they 'll get this one right , but stay away from this edition .
 I love this movie . Bob Hope , Dorothy Lamour , Peter Lorre , Lon Chaney Jr. . . what more could you ask for ! The version I watched 20 years ago on the late , late show was miles better than this horrible transfer . Since this movie -LRB- incredibly -RRB- got forgotten by the copyright office and ended up in the Public Domain , all you can find are cheap , HORRIBLE tansfers to DVD 's like this god-awful loser . It 's better you never even watch this film than to see it in this terribe representation . Why Hollywood would n't want to protect gems like these is beyond me , but since they do n't give a flying leotard , do n't you . This grainy , blurry , audibly incomprehensible , hardly watchable transfer is a complete loser . Do n't waste your money . Keep waiting for the `` restored version '' which hopefully comes out before 2021 . Cheers .
 What is this ? The whole idea with DVD sucks with this title ! The picture and sound quality is worse than a heavily used standard 8 mm film!The movie ... and of course Dorothy Lamour , is worth something better than this . Take it out of your stock and replace it with an appropriate copy.No recommendations what so ever !
 It is sad when a good film goes bad . -LRB- BAD COPY -RRB- We were willing to watch Bob Hope on full screen and sacrifice the widescreen experience . Our family had to suffer through rough footage and low sound to watch this film . I stress film . Because of all the lines left from the reel to reel film my husband and I were surprised not hear the sound of a reel to reel projector . I believe we would have enjoyed the movie more if we had watched the movie projected from a reel to reel . The sound was so low we had to turn our sound all the way up . If a better copy can be found we would like to have that one instead of this one .
 This dvd was worse than the ancient Channel 5 -LRB- Metromedia -RRB- broadcasts of movies on tv in the 1950s and 1960s in New York City.Vertical lines proliferate in the copy , portions of scenes are faded or too dark , etc. I made a mistake in buying this.This was bought at amazon.com
 This review refers to the Madacy release.Ten stars for the movie , minus eight stars for the transfer equals two stars for the DVD.As great as this movie is , the transfer to DVD is pathetic ; I suggest turning it down . The beginning of the movie is the worst part , full of scratches and sound so poor it 's difficult to understand the dialog . Unbelievably , it 's not even presented in full frame . The left side of the credits -LRB- and presumably , the rest of the movie -RRB- are cut off.I suppose that in any industry or technology , there will be people in it just to make a buck . Movies such as this are a national treasure that deserves to be treated and immortalized as an art form . This is just the `` make a buck '' version . ------------------------------------------ I think this should be Madacy 's tagline
 This review refers to the Alpha -LRB- Gotham Distribution , as listed on Amazon -RRB- version of this movie on DVD . The print used for this DVD is absolutely horrible . The opening credits are barely readable , and the movie itself looks murky and has tons of scratches and dust . It 's a shame that Alpha could n't find a better print , but from some of the reviews I 've read it seems that some other companies have had the same problem . It would be better not to release it at all than to use such a bad print . This is a really fun movie , and it deserves a lot better than this . Wait for a cleaner copy to surface - one will eventually .
 This DVD-production -LSB- is bad -RSB- ! The movie itself is a real good one with beautifully acting performances . Although the dvd-edition do not cost a fortune , it 's more like a lousy super-8 after running threw the projector one million times ! I 'm truly disappointed . The movie is worth much better treatment .
 Wish I had read the other reviews before purchasing this wretched `` dvd '' . Beyond pathetic . It 's like watching something found in an abandoned theater 's basement . It actually hurts to watch a great movie being butchered by this production company.Just saw it on Turner Classic Movies - tape it in SP mode and make it a part of your permanent collection . STAY AWAY FROM THIS DVD !
 This is one of the all time great Bob Hope films . But this DVDis barf technology . A dupe of a dupe , muddy contrast , fuzzy sound . Too bad . Beware .
 The movie deserves 5 stars . The 1 star is for Allied Artists disc . Terrible print .
 If you can get and play the PAL or German edition DVD go for that , rather then this edited version . This is missing close to 30 minutes from the original mini-series .
 The seller was upset that I gave a negative review . I , as the consumer , was upset that the product was not as advertised . I can not with a clear conscience give a better review . When someone sells something I expect that it is in working order as advertised . He should have inspected it to make sure it was not defective . The DVD did not play on my player or on my computer . I wanted so badly for it to play that I gave it every effort . The picture was not clear and my computer said the DVD was damaged/defective .
 This movie is poor quality on VHS tape . I watched it years ago on TV . They left out some parts of the show .
 This movie was ordered on 9 Sep 12 and it is now 26 Oct 12 ... I have yet to receive it . So for that reason I 'm unable to give any type of rating .
 I got a VHScopy that did not work on my video player.I was able to return to the sender.I would have liked to get the new DVD copy but found it too costly.It was a good tv series and book and Isaw it quite a long time ago.It 's to bad that the cost is high.Ron
 I was n't able to play this because it was for region 2 . I did n't notice this when I ordered it , my fault . Now I 'm stuck with a $ 30 item and ca n't return it because I opened it .
 Quality of DVD was awful . . it was blurry and the sound was off . For 25.00 I expected some degree of quality and there was NONE . The cover was n't even well done . It was advertised as the original version of Chiefs but it looked more like someone taped the tv screen while the old VHS copy was playing . A huge disappointment .
 This was definitely NOT worth $ 25 . I could have made a better copy off my DVR . What a waste of money , time , and effort .
 have no vhs player that worked on 10 years -LRB- one of thr best movies as far as mini series -RRB- why cant we get it on dvd have a lot of younger generation that wants to see it
 I do not believe that the site showed this movie to only play in the UK . I believe the information was added after the fact .
 i still have n't received the movie . i have not received one word if going get it or am i going to get a refund . i will never order a movie from another buyer .
 `` Chiefs '' is a made for TV mini series that runs about 4-1/2 hours without commercials . I was hoping to replace my damaged VHS tape copy with a DVD copy . I was greatly disappointed in this copy as it is badly butchered . Not only was it cut down with many segments chopped or eliminated , the editing was a horrible job . It 's as though a 5 year old with scissors was turned loose . There are cuts in the middle of scenes , one even in the middle of a conversation . Portions were removed such that some of the subsequent story made no sense , or did not portray the same message as would have come across if the film had been left in its original length.PS if anyone knows of a full length copy out there I 'd love to hear about it .
 This two disc production is a very poor quality copy . It does not appear to be produced by the studio . Although it contains the FBI warning on unauthorized copying , this production appears to be exactly that . I would think the MPAA would want to look into this supplier . And , I am surprised this product was offered on Amazon .
 I was very disappointed with this product , the sound quality made the movie unwatchable . Perhaps the German soundtrack is better ?
 First of all the discs are copies , not originals . The sound cuts in and out and the picture is grainy looking . I am unable to watch it and I did not get a packing slip in the box with the DVD , so I guess I ca n't return it .
 I enjoyed the mini series but the quality of the DVD was poor at best . The picture quality was faded and looked like it was made using a video camera recording a TV progeram.The DVD was actually scratched and at one pont in the movie stopped playing . I had to skip ahead to the next chapter to continue watching .
 The film quality was poor . As was the sound . Too much for this bootleg . Also , I noticed some scenes were omitted from it .
 I bought this to replace my old vhs copy , it was as bad as my old copy it looked like they took an old vhs and copied it.DON ' T BUY IT
 Chiefs is one of my all time favorites but the DVD I received had subpar Video and Audio . It appeared to be captured from an old VHS tape and I was unable to watch more than a few minutes of it . I was extremely disappointed with the product . There was a disclaimer in the product description but nothing to prepare me for the terrible quality of the video/audio . I returned it .
 The recoring was so poor the picturea were smeared , I eas sent a copy by the V2d company that was originally taped by the spmeone off a television show ... ridiculous !!!
 The case was broken when it came . It was obviously copied off something like youtube or a bad quality vas tape . Parts had been edited out and it was not what I have come to expect from Amazon . I had no idea that it was n't a legitimate product .
 This DVD set is terrible quality . I have waited years for `` Chiefs '' to come out on DVD . I finally received an email from Amazon that it 's available . I ordered it right away . We received it today and started to watch it for New years eve . We are very upset at the cheap homemade packaging and the printing on the discs.These are obviously home made and I feel cheated . The color is terrible and just not a clear picture.Very disappointed that Amazon would be involved in this . This is a cheap copy off a VHS . I gave them 2 stars because it shipped quickly .
 I watch a ton of movies in German , and this movie by far was the most disappointing . No plot , action is poor , acting is poor . I would not recommend buying this movie .
 We purchased this at Babies R Us and one of the episodes did n't work . Of course we could n't return it because it had been opened and used . It must have been a defective disc . We were disappointed to only get two episodes out of it .
 Do n't be misled by the DVD description or the description on the Disney website.This is NOT a movie!This is 3 separate episodes that have been shown on TV over and over : The Treasure Behind The Little Red Door , Super Fast , and The Great Sky Race RematchThe descriptions do not tell you this , they lead you to believe it 's one long episode/movie ... my kids were sooo excited ! BIG disappointment because they 'd seen all the episodes so many times on TV ... nothing new at all.These DVD `` movies '' are actually episode collections - do n't be misled !
 Race for Space has * nothing * to do with outer space , even though tv advertsiements . literature and the back of the dvd state there is a new space episode , there is not . None of the episodes have anything to do with outer space . Rip off , avoid .
 Be aware that this DVD is not a new full-length movie , but rather a collection of three episodes . According to the packaging , one of the three episodes is nevore-before seen . However , here in Canada all three have been previously shown on TV , so none of them were new to us.For those of you not familiar with this series , two DVD releases have full one-hour movies -LRB- Our Big Huge Adventure and Rocket 's Firebird Rescue -RRB- . All other DVD releases contain 3 TV episodes . Based on the product description , I was under the impression that this was a new one-hour movie , but it is not.Furthermore , if you 're expecting a space-related theme , you 'll be disappointed . In the episode entitled Super Fast , they go out in space briefly , but that 's it . In my opinion the title for this release is misleading as it is not space-oriented at all.In short
 My son is 5 and LOVES little Einsteins . He watches them over and over again . He was so excited when we finally got the DVD he knew we pre-ordered it and was patiently waiting for it to come . When he finally watched it , he actually started crying-very unlike him . He said the new `` space '' show was n't really about space at all . We had expected that it would be about the little Einsteins traveling from planet to planet , learning about each one . It is n't . They just happen to be traveling through space chasing/helping some little pigs . What a missed chance at teaching kids about the planets ! Again-we were VERY disappointed .
 As mentioned by the other reviewers `` The Race For Space '' has nothing to do with space . My daughter is a `` Little Einsteins '' fanatic but when she saw that there actually was n't a movie or episode called `` The Race For Space '' she was absolutely disappointed . Let me tell you , if I knew that there was only one new episode on this DVD I never would have wasted my money on it . We have almost every episode recorded on our DVR and I 'm sure the only new episode on this DVD will be on Disney soon so this was a complete waste of money . What a diappointment , especially considering the amount of advertising that went into this DVD .
 My son 's two favorite things in the world
 I honestly thought they made a mistake and put the wrong DVD in this case and checked the title a second time . This DVD has NOTHING to do with space , I just do n't understand . My kids looked at me like I was crazy and said `` mommy you bought the wrong one , this is n't about space '' . Very misleading and I wish I could return this . My son is so disappointed !
 There is nothing associated with outer space . My son loves the Einsteins and he loves space . So when I saw this I assumed that they would have an episode associated to outer space . No just the brief chase of the last little piggy . Something tells me that Disney knows what they did and are just trying to get more money . Unfortunately , our kids pay the price because like the other reviewers our son was so excited and then angry because he did n't get the race for space show . Shame on Disney !
 If I could give it no starsz I would . Instead it gets two thumbs down and a `` Booooooo '' !!!! This movie was garbage in its purest form .
 I am a big fan of Tony Robbins , but this DVD was only a small segment of the RPM system and is a little bit of a commercial . I have heard the old version of this time management system and it is amazing . If you have never heard Anthony Robbins before , this might be worth checking out . It is just a small sample of his stuff . Then , if you are convinced , invest in the full system .
 I GOT A TERRIBLE COPY OF THIS MOVIE , BUT THE VENDOR WAS QUICK TO REFUND MY MONEY SO ALL I CAN SAY IS `` NO HARM , NO FOUL '' , BUT I DID WANT TO SEE THIS MOVIE .
 I am guessing that countless Americans learned in school about Eric the Red , Leif Ericson , and their exploits . Thus , so much of this work repeats what most people already know . I love documentaries that show indigenous artwork or Renaissance or Impressionist paintings that describe the contemporary culture . However , this work had cartoon-like drawings that could have come from a `` Thor '' comic book.The most valuable part of this documentary is that they compared Columbus ' expedition to the Vikings . It carefully spells out why the Genovese had a much greater impact on North America than his Norse predecessors did.Leonard Nimoy narrates . Star Trek fans who worship him may want to see this work for that reason alone . -LRB- Unlike in that `` Simpsons '' episode spoofing `` The X-Files , '' Nimoy narrates for the whole piece without leaving . LOL ! -RRB- Interviewees use `` Eskimo '' when the preferred term is now `` Inuit . `` This may be a nice piece to show in elementary and high school classes . It may be especially appreciated in Minnesota or other regions with many Scandinavian Americans .
 Immediately after award-winning ` Monster , ' Charlize Theron started this new project . Had she known that she could get an Oscar for the acting in the former movie , she would not have been in this melodramatic film , nor posed naked -LRB- again -RRB- in a bath , just as she did ` Reindeer Games ' before.Forgive me . But ` Head in the Clouds ' sounds like ` Pearl Harbor ' without Micheal Bay 's big budget actions . The love triangle against the background of war-time Europe would not be a bad idea , if the characters and the story worked effectively . As it is , the results are awfully turgid , way too incredible melodrama only those fans of the actors and the lavish 30s costumes can enjoy.Ms . Theron is Gilda , free-spirited girl living in 1933 , who rushed into the room of poor college student Guy played by Stuart Townsend . Guy , struck by her beauty , later comes to know that Gilda can have more than one lovers at the same time.Then , they meet each other in Paris , where Guy is introduced to another tenant Mia -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- . They live peacefully for a while in the same room , but soon the war breaks up in Sapin -LRB- from where Mia comes -RRB- and idealistic Guy joins in the war , with Mia as nurse ... The story is fairly predictable -LRB- and the film knows it , when it begins with fortune-telling -RRB- , but that is not as damaging as the uninteresting realtions between the three . The characters of Gilda , Mia , and Guy are all superficially drawn , and if you remember Ben , Josh , and Kate in ` Pearl Harbor , ' you will know what I mean . They are what we call handsome or gorgeous , and nothing else , except , perhaps , its beautifully re-created costumes -LRB- by Mario Davignon , DiCaprio 's ` Romeo and Juliet ' -RRB- . I wo n't tell anything about the ending , which is too unplesant for some -LRB- especially the French -RRB- , and devoid of suspence or emotion . When you see Thomas Kretschmann as German officer again , you will be reminded of his much deeper , more complex character in ` The Pianist . ' No trace of the depth is to be seen in this film.After all , it 's all about costumes . The director John Duigan -LRB- ` Siren ' -RRB- used the name of Gilda , maybe Rita Hayworth in mind . But though we certainly witness the seductive charms of Charlize Theron here , it is only squandered among the impossible story and shallow characters .
 Once again I have bought a dvd which is region 0 andI live in region 2 europe . I have fallen into this trap before and thought i was more vigilant in checking the region , but I did not see any guidance.It has only ha -LSB- p -LSB- pened when ordering from Amazon.com . I will nto use it again , co.uk for me . I read the return policy and it appears I am responsibile so no return .
 Charlize Theron , her real life boyfriend Stuart Townsend , and Penelope Cruz are all nice to look at , and have at times shown considerable tlane in their work , Theron having won as Osca for her role in Monster.But Head In The Clouds is one of those beautifully filmed films starring a beautiful cast that trying to stay beautiful in an increasingly ugly world , particularly Europe in the 1930s . From the Spanish Civil War to World War II , the stories of these three people who share a Paris flat together is supposed to be a sweeping tragedy that shows how world events and fate can conspire to thwart true love.Instead , it shows how silly things can be when you mix hedonism , narcissism , social responsbility , and sheer stupidity . You end up caring less about the characters , andwondering more how much more trouble will they get themselves in . This was a pretty stylish waste of time for everyone involved .
 This period piece seems to run on forever . The characters establish themselves well enough but there is no compelling story to grab our attention . The sets also had a fake look to them - I do n't think this was filmed on location . It felt like I was watching a stage rendition of Paris - it 's hard to figure out what 's wrong but the whole hting looks fake and not very well done .
 `` Head in the Clouds '' is a historical romance/drama , which takes place in Europe before and during WWII . Although it covers an extremely fascinating period in terms of world events , this thoroughly disagreeable film takes little advantage of the many interesting storyline possibilities that history offers . What I 'd like to know is , whatever possessed director/screenwriter John Duigan to turn beautiful , gifted Charlize Theron into a grotesque caricature of herself . And how did he do it ? Was he using voodoo ? Sally Bowles she most definitely is not ! -LRB- although Liza Minnelli gave a stellar performance in that role -RRB- . There are even scenes where the incomparable Penelope Cruz looks preposterous , as the uncomfortable third wheel in a menage-a-threesome . Ms. Theron plays Gilda Besse , the narcissistic playgirl daughter of a wealthy American socialite , -LRB- a suicide -RRB- , and a French champagne tycoon , who is somewhat mad . She warns a lover , who fantasizes about a possible future with her , along with their potential children , `` I have doomed genes ! '' Gilda has worked as a photographer , a dancer and an actress in a Hollywood movie , but mostly she dabbles . She always appears to be vamping for a camera lens , even when there is no apparent camera . Her wardrobe is simply gorgeous though . Probably the best part of the movie is watching the innumerable costume changes - usually one per scene , but we get two-for-one when Penelope Cruz is around to model . Another high point is cinematographer Paul Sarossy 's wonderful footage of Paris . The movie is almost worth renting just to look at the Paris cityscapes.Anyway , before Gilda went to live in gay Paree , where she was to lose any vestige of freshness she may still have had at age 23 , she was in England - Cambridge to be exact . One night , she wandered tipsily into the university dormitory room of Guy Malyon , -LRB- Stuart Townsend -RRB- . He is a Dublin-born student on scholarship , and the son of an Irish policeman . In real life , Townsend and Charlize are a couple , and I am sure they make a charming twosome . However , in this movie , there is zilch chemistry between them . He is a handsome , sincere , if somewhat naive young man , but certainly not mature or edgy enough for Gilda , who eats men alive . She is too busy posing to stir up much heat with anyone , anyway . Guy and Gilda meet , once again , at an extremely wild party on a country estate . They are intimate on a billiard table , and then Gilda bids him adieu . She is off to see the world . In one of her parting lines , she mentions Arabia . Hah !! Meanwhile , Guy become a teacher and social activist as fascism looms over Europe.Years pass and Guy can not forget Gilda . The very thought of her sends his hormones off the charts . So when she contacts him once more and asks him to visit her in Paris - he 's off in a flash to the City of Lights ! He finds her with a variety of meaningless lovers , working at `` photography as art . '' She remains unattainable , even as he holds her . I think Gilda is supposed to come across as carefree - but she is too studied and jaded to be the free-spirit type . The lovely Spanish Mia , -LRB- Cruz -RRB- , was an exotic dancer until Miss Besse brought her home to stay . She now lives with Gilda and Gilda 's current man-of-the-moment . Politics and war finally overtake Europe and ruin Gilda 's plans , especially when both Guy and Mia depart to fight for Republican Spain . She is furious that the two are leaving . `` There will always be wars , '' she tells them , `` you need to get rid of the guilt . '' To say anything more would be to spoil what plot there is . One gets the feel that because Gilda , as a teen , had her fortune told , and it was n't a good one , she believes life is preordained . All is fate . Therefore she lives as much and as fast as she can before karma can overtake her.This is one of the rare occasions that I write , without qualification , do n't bother with `` Head In The Clouds . '' Banal and boring!JANA
 One has to wonder how a film so bad can be made with so many fine things about it . I see from other reviews that the really horrible actor Stewart Townsend is Charlize Theron 's boyfriend . She won an Academy Award so she got to demand his inclusion probably . He can not act and he utterly can not imagine what it would be like to be the man he plays in this movie . He has sex with the Charleezz character often . That he knows how to do . And Charlize probably ignored direction because her acting is utterly unaffecting . The beautiful wonderful Penelope Cruz is underused . No gorgeous closeups of her gorgeous face and she dies early . Is this the fault a dumb director/writer , John Dagan ? The cinamentography is lovely . The costumes are fine . The story is ok as well . Its just shown in a way that is as boring as it can be and we probably have Charlizzzzz to thank for that for dragging in her idiot boyfriend and rejecting direction . Come to think of it , I havent seen much by her lately .
 Starts out good , with a potentialy good story and a great cast . But then it drags on and on . Somewhere in the middle it should have ended . The movie is too long and too boring .
 I watched this movie on the recommendation of a friend . I 'm now reconsidering our friendship . This movie begins with an improbable event -LRB- shy college student has his studies interrupted by beautiful woman seeking overnight shelter in his room -RRB- , and it goes downhill from there . Although Roger Ebert disagrees , I think Charlize Theron was terribly miscast as the heroine -LRB- ? -RRB- , Gilda . Despite her Oscar win , I do n't think she has the acting chops to carry off this kind of role . She 's not bad when the script requires `` bouncy , '' but as the going gets rougher , her performance becomes pretty much one-note . Stuart Townshend is as boring as they come . There is not one point in the film where he stands out . The surprise for me was Penelope Cruz . She should have been onscreen longer.Also , if one watches the `` making of '' featurette , you 'll see why the street scenes look unreal
 It is n't the greatest World War II movie ever made or the greatest love story , but it could be a lot worse . None of the actors seem to have any chemistry together and it moves along very slow . It is worth renting , but I would stick to any other WW2 love story if you wanted something with more substance . This is alright , but nothing worth writing home about .
 First of all , what this movie has going for it
 The people are pretty , the settings are pretty . The entire first half of the film is devoted to gratuitious sex -- gratuitous because there 's no chemistry between the lovers OR between them and the audience . Why would hedonistic Gilda fall for an intellectual cypher like Guy ? Why would n't he be infatuated with the sex , thinking he was in love with her ? I WANTED the erotic scenes to move me ; they did n't . G&G move in together , life is boring . Mia moves in , life gets giggly . War approaches , Guy and Mia are suddenly impassioned by it rather than Gilda , who pouts . Yaddayaddayadda . No suspense , no depth of character , blahblahblah . I think the fault lies mostly with really poor directing and editing . Ca n't believe Theron performed like a such ham after her previous roles . Penelope tried and failed to overcome the script . Probably a 17-year-old would think the story everything that it is n't -- exciting , romantic , sexy , deep ...
 Movie did great until scene selection 19 . The picture froze . Could n't get it to advance or reverse . I took it out and tried it in my other player , same thing . I then took it to my daughter 's home and tried it there , same thing . I need to return it , but I have to go somewhere else and use someone 's computer to do this . When I tried to do this from my home , the site said &#34; printer required &#34; and mine is not working . I bought several other movies and they all were good , so I am not unhappy with your service . I just hope the return goes well . I have several other purchases waiting in my cart that I will not buy until I see how this is resolved . Thank you .
 I recently purchased this movie because I remember watching it years ago when it first came out on VHS . Had some of my favorite comedians in it . I remembered it being hysterical but after viewing it recently , it did n't seem to have the comical effect of years gone by . Still a funny movie .
 I remember going to see this at the theater in 1988 when I was fourteen . Besides my dad and me , there were only two other people in the theater . They stood up and left halfway through . There was a good reason for this . This movie is very poor and I believe it only stayed in theaters for about a week before tanking . Good for nostalgia value only .
 I find this film , right ? And I 'm thinking , `` Hey ! Look at all the famous people in it !! It 's probably going to be really funny ! '' After enduring this film , I 'm left wondering `` What in the world was the director/scriptwriter/producer thinking ?!?!? '' . Let me just give you the basic plotline here . Grown men want to play cub scouts -LRB- You can see the obvious opportunity for gags and jokes here , folks . Oh goodie !! -RRB- . The movie contains all your favorite hodge-podge of camp mishaps -LRB- ax head flies off , tent peg bends , cot snaps up on someone , etc. -RRB- made all the more mind-numbingly stupid by the fact that you know what 's going to happen about 5 minutes before they actually do . Combine that with the horrid `` acting '' abilities -LRB- I use the term loosely -RRB- of Louie Anderson -LRB- main character -RRB- and several `` I-wish-I-could-do-standup '' routines from Richard Lewis . Toss in a bad guy -LRB- John Goodman , the only redeeming performance in the movie -RRB- who can shoot a flagpole down at 300 yards , but ca n't hit ANY of seven -LRB- count them , seven -RRB- fully grown -LRB- and in Louie 's case , fully overgrown -RRB- men floating on a raft not ten feet from him . And what do you have ? -LRB- ... -RRB- Save you money for something more worthwhile . Like a pooper scooper .
 I though the LA basketball wives might be a bit better but i was wrong . This is even worse than the other ones the women act like they are gods gift but they are just a waist of space so do not waist your money on this one . They should call it the Basketball 's Trashy wives .
 I was expecting a fun , campy b movie . Instead I got a well filmed low budget chick flick version of a zombie movie that took itself way too seriously . This movie had huge potential considering the story line . It seemed more like a lecture about the bad people who are wrong to hate others . Even going so far as to have the people speaking out against the zombies quote the Hitler . Most of the things they tried to make humorous failed to be funny . I would suggest saving your money if you are looking for a fun b movie . If you are looking for a zombie social commentary , than this is for you .
 This movie is just plain bad.Don ' t get me wrong . I wanted to like it . Having come off watching American Zombie , which also sucked , I was hoping for some needed zombie respite . Not happening here.What dialogue and acting there is seems forced and badly delivered . Frankly most lines and acting seemed like they belonged in a bad porno rather than a good zombie movie -LRB- neither of which is this movie -RRB- . It seems like whenever there was a lack of dialogue for a scene , it was simply replaced with profanity of all sorts.I ended up turning this movie off half way through it , which I very rarely do . I felt the movie bored me , offered nothing and basically wasted my time and money.If you want a `` good '' zombie movie , I do n't think this is it . SeeDawn of the Dead , Zombieland , Fido , Shaun of the Dead , Resident Evil , Dead Snow . Pretty much anything other than this movie .
 This movie had an original idea , but lact so much for being a zombie movie . At times it was just stupid ! Another zombie movie id pass on . Doubt I 'll be re-watching this movie any time soon !
 I really like the movie because of the music -- I have seen it before -- the picture on this tape was ok -- though it has a couple of skips in it -- the big problem is the audio -- it is really low -- I have to have my tv on full volume to almost hear it . I did not complain because I 'm sure it is not your fault -- you just sell the merchandise that is provided to you . The ordering went smooth and I received it promptly .
 As a piece of entertainment this movie may be OK . But why take REAL names of REAL people -LRB- some of them fortunately are still living -RRB- to tell a story which , for the most part , is completely inaccurate . Other reviewers have rightly pointed out the most blatant inaccuracies that this film carries . But as I have seen and met most of the artists involved in the plot -LRB- and for some of them - like Muddy who went dining at my home in Lyon -LRB- France -RRB- - I 've had the fortune to know them personally -RRB- what worries me the most is that their personnality are also very inaccurate . For instance , Muddy who had an incredible charisma is portrayed here essentially as a very tepid character who thinks mostly to chase women . And Howlin ' Wolf - a tough man certainly but a very bright and articulate one - is here portrayed as the terrorizing Wolf he PLAYED on stage and never out stage . The true story of the Chess saga -LRB- and the Chicago blues -RRB- is yet to be told properly
 The people behind `` Cadillac Records '' had a great idea - a film about the founding and growth of Chess records is fertile ground indeed . The home of some of the greatest music ever made , most of which was made at a fascinating time in American history by a series of African-American musicians who had escaped the South while working for the son of Polish Jews ... There 's a lot of material here . Unfortunately , the film tries to jam all of it in . The first half of the movie is carried along by the music -LRB- some of which is horribly lip synched by the way -RRB- , but when the tone of `` Cadillac Records '' changes , the melodrama piles up in a way that is utterly unconvincing.It would have been far better for the film makers to focus on one of Chess ' stars and their relationship with BOTH Chess brothers . Instead , we get a series of cliched and entirely predictable scenes involving historical figures . Look - there 's Muddy Waters giving Little Walter his first taste of whiskey -LRB- shades of `` The Dewey Cox Story '' -RRB- . Look , there 's Howlin ' Wolf in his battered pick up truck . Oh dear , Chuck Berry 's music just integrated a concert by getting those white and black kids to dance together.And do n't even get me started on the overwrought scenes with Beyonce as Etta James.By trying to cram everything in the movie , the film makers drained all of the emotion from the story . By the time Little Walter dies in Muddy Waters ' wife 's arms , I was tempted to turn away . But the music was so good , I figured I 'd stick it out to the end of the movie.Sadly , `` Cadillac Records '' piles up so many cliches that it ultimately becomes meaningless .
 What happened to the Chess Brothers ? Was it just Leonard Chess ? NO it was not . Ca n't stand when right from the start they get it wrong . At least mention the guy . And speaking of the guy - what happened to Buddy Guy and Bo Diddley ? I guess Phil Chess took care of them . I would have liked to see some complete performances , especially of Muddy Waters . There are too many musicians represented here that deserve a movie of their own . How can so many movies be made this way . They know the facts , but refuse to make it right . What bothers me is that someone makes a conscious effort to do so.I like the music , but I 'm not grading the music , I 'm grading the storyline - 1 star .
 I hated Cadillac Records but I stayed with it for the soundtrack and the hope that it would get better . Len Chess is n't the only paternalistic thing about this film . A mishmash timeline of race cliches and lazy storytelling , Cadillac Records ca n't even be bothered to get it 's facts straight . Saving it from one star are the performances of Columbus Short , Mos Def and Eamonn Walker , all of whom are far better than the material deserves . The film provides about as much context as a 1950 's Looney Tunes featuring celebrities of the day . Even if one allows for the need to condense a large story into a short time frame , have some continuity of character inside the abbreviated version . Disjointed , relying on race role tropes instead of characterization , Cadillac Records is a lazy film that does a disservice to all whom it portrays .
 The music was good . The people seemed real but skin-deep
 The music is good . The actors competent . The movie leaves the viewer feeling that we 've seen this story before . The dialogue is at times incomprehensible , detracting from the experience .
 If the passion for the music had been sustained in the presentation of the tale , this would have been a transcendent picture . Had even half the energy employed in fabrication of events and relationships been turned to representation , this picture could have been great.As it stands , it is merely OK , and an insult to those who it alleges to portray . Hopefully the high production values , and loving attention paid to the music will serve as the first step on a road of discovery for newcomers , not the last .
 I looked forward to seeing this movie - but it was a huge letdown . Besides the historical inaccuracies as detailed by earlier reviewers here on Amazon - I felt the actors chosen to play these music icons were n't based on ability , but to try and get a younger audience to pay attention to the film . Mos ' Def is NOT an actor in any way , shape or form - his portrayal of Chuck Berry was wooden and inaccurate . On the other hand , Eamonn Walker 's take on Howlin ' Wolf was STUNNING . I 'm sure the makers intentions were good - but the obvious budget restraints and poor choices in actors left me feeling like a great opportunity to shed light on an otherwise under-documented period of music history was squandered .
 This movie was good but the main leads were cast wrong . First there were two Chess brothers not one . Second -LRB- and bare in mind that I love jeffrey Wright as an actor -RRB- but he was all wrong for Muddy Waters . Especially considering that had him sing his own parts . Jeffrey can hold a tune but he doesnt have real soul pipes . And how powerful Muddy 's voice was is not really shined on in the movie b/c Jeffrey ca n't carry the right tone . But he can act and he pulled off the dramatic part its just that with that voice you never buy him as Muddy Waters.Secondly , Beyonce ca n't act . She can sing but she ca n't act and watchingher try to be dynamic is just pityful.Now the good things
 I will say up front - I am a huge Chess Records fan . I do n't think you can like anything even approaching rock music without loving at least SOMETHING that label put out . I think labels like Chess and Stax did as much to change people 's attitudes about race as MLK or the sit-in movement . So it is in my mind criminal to not only tell this story without the panache it deserved , but it also misused two fantastic actors - Adrien Brody and Jeffrey Wright , whom I have loved and wanted to see more of since `` Basquiat '' . How could it go wrong ? By taking the same well-worn paths as every other movie set in a time period that necessitates a careful attention to production . Period films in my mind often fail -LRB- me anyway -RRB- because of the picturesque yet somehow lifeless sets . I know that most people may not pay attention to these things , but it always bugs me when its done wrong . I could n't help but think of the film `` Far From Heaven '' with its super-saturated colors and period angles , and how those types of techniques would have been perfect for a film like this . Those pink cadillacs , those candy-colored dresses - a sense of a color and a sense of place would have rescued this from the VH-production values that stultify the story.And what a story it could have been . Muddy Waters ascent from sharecropper to music legend is a drama in and of itself . Why did it not move ? Why were the characters seemingly so two-dimensional ? Why did one not get a sense at all of the hardships that Muddy faced , and the dramatic difference in his lifestyle after his success ? Why were the filmmakers so easily satisfied with showing a few muddy fields and a couple dirt roads ? Why was the second Chess brother left out ? Why did one not get a sense of the Chess brothers as people ? And why the horrible , typical slide guitar incidental music that 's used in every drama set in the south , no matter how far from the Delta it may be?I hope at some point that someone else makes this story walk . Its a story that should be told . Chess Records and its legacy should make the pulse race - not fill one 's nostrils with the smell of Hollywood . Maybe Beyonce 's fee used up all the budget that could have gone into the production design and a better story . If you like Chess then you will see this , but you wo n't be moved if you are anything like me .
 I ca n't say that I 'm surprised to see such a lame hollywoodized version of what could have been a powerful film . The individual stories of some of the people in the film , Muddy Waters , Leonard Chess -LRB- and his brother -RRB- , and Howling Wolf in particular , deserve their own movie . They deserve something on the scale of `` Ray '' , not a slapped together , cable TV film . I hoped for a decent film anyway , but the people who made this film just did n't respect the artists or their music enough.This film might have gotten away with poor writing , mediocre acting , and lazy directing , if it had gotten one thing right
 I was delighted with the early arrival then schedule of this DVD . However I did n't enjoy it at all . I was hoping to here the original songs of Etta James and the acting was n't that good either , which made for a boring movie .
 I 'm a Stone 's fan . And i 've heard that Muddy Waters had a profound impact on their origination and style , even to this day . Drugs , alcohol and money continue to destroy regardless of race , religion or goal . One has to admire a hard working young man going from picking crops in the field to making music . However , paranoia and the desire for more is so destructive . This reminded me of the recent `` Walk the Line '' movie . And for years i 've heard about the struggles of Chuck Berry . I 'd love to see a sequel that goes from this era of R&B and shows Phil Spector 's `` Wall of Sound '' generation . So many of the musicians and singers are still around , and this would tie together a wonderful story of a beginning , a middle and maybe a 3rd movie that takes us to Jimmy Buffett , Greatful Dead as well as breakups of groups such as the Beatles , Beach Boys and others . Each generation needed something and got it , but at what price to the consumer and the artist . someone always wants to be bigger , better , richer . In the end it is destruction , death , hostility and hate , with some great music along the path .
 I never got the dvd . The company said they would refund my money - have n't had a chance to see if that 's been done .
 This DVD is a cheap release of an irredeemably horrible movie . If you 're anything like me , you 're a fan of some movies that are so bad they 're good , like The Room or anything by Godfrey Ho . This movie is so bad its bad . It 's boring . It makes no sense . Save yourself a few precious hours of your life and pass it by .
 Two copies had the wrong movie burned on the DVD . Both the box and the label were for the correct movie . Amazon handled replacement and refund easily .
 Since viewers asked and asked and asked for another movie with ann shirly they finnaly made one . I have read all of the bbooks and this worse than ever . Number one is that it had nothig to do with any of the books abd it was not really about Megan Follows -LRB- ANNE SHIRLY -RRB- it was about the war . you really need a big imagination to really think that this could actually happen . THe other movies could have really happened but this is could not unless you were the worlds luckiest person . It was more gory than Saving Private Ryan and if you know what I mean that was really gory . -LRB- talk about thae beggining . -RRB- Another thing was that Megan Follows was way old and you could see the wrinkles on her face despite the globs of make-up . Another thing is that she never had any kids and in the books she had like 6 or 7 so that was dissapointing . So if you are looking for an entertaining good story , look elsewhere . And If you are looking for a sequel to Gladiater or Saving Private Ryan than this is for you . P.S. . The movie dragged on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on -LRB- I could say that forever but it will still not convey the borringness . _ how do you spell that ? -RRB-
 I would call it garbage , but I would n't want to insult garbage . I feel like I am less of a human being having watched this movie . If you loved the first two movies , take my advice
 I 'd second most of what 's been said in the other reviews here -- that it 's nothing like the books and has n't much of the magic of the first two movies . Actually it 's outright depressing . And , it 's a betrayal of LM Montgomery 's books -- it 's kind of like seeing all the actors from the previous two movies playing different characters in a movie unrelated to anything she wrote . It 's kind of surreal and puzzling , not to mention BORING . There 's no sense to the plot -- what the heck was the point of writing in as part of the screenplay Anne going to New York ? That entire section seemed totally irrelevant . If Kevin Sullivan was going to depart from the books so completely , he might have tried to write something with at least a little internal coherence instead of a series of lackluster scenes without any overlying themes.Since the characters are all 13 years older than in the movie before , there are some inevitable changes . One of these that I ca n't get over is Anne 's voice , which is much deeper . She hardly smiles at all in this movie and it 's no wonder because it 's dang depressing the whole way through , with this dark overtone as in any war movie.The extra half star over one that I 'd like to give this are for the acting , which is pretty decent ; Megan Follows particularly I think has improved as an actress . Also Anne 's hair is n't ridiculously and artificially bouffant like in the 2nd movie ; it 's just the right size and color . Gilbert Blythe is much cuter in this movie than in the other two -LRB- the first one he had this strange perm , the second he still had baby fat on his face -RRB- , and his chemistry with Anne is much more believable here too -- in the second movie they seemed so asexual , whereas here their passion for each other is evident and I can actually imagine that they 'd have enough sex to produce the huge brood Anne does in the books.All in all a disappointment and also a movie that , because of how it strays so completely from the timeline of the books , makes it near impossible to make another sequel based on Rilla of Ingleside or other stories of Anne 's children .
 That sound would be Lucy Maude Montgomery rolling over in her grave . Loved the first 2 movies , but this thing was horrible .
 Why ? Why ? WHY ? Even bother ? The second part of the series veered from the book but still managed to stay within the spirit of the Anne stories . This one is a travesty ... not only does the story line make no sense with who the characters are , it TOTALLY SUCKS ! Even the actors seem to know it -- Anne and Gil lack the connection they had in the earlier versions . Sullivan Films lost its way on this one . Was it an attempt at `` modernizing '' ? Why try to modernize what is timeless ? Ironically , it turned out extremely dated . There is a reason why true Anne of Green Gables fans find this version offensive . It leaves you pissed , angry and cheated -- do they think the viewers are stupid?In order to make amends , Sullivan Films needs to make A TRUE continuation , one where Anne and Gil are together as they are meant to be , their House of Dreams does exist , Rilla , Jem and Walter grow up with their friends and maybe then we might consider letting the boys go off to war and let Rilla try to raise an orphan baby . Until then , Sullivan Films can go suck a lemon ! How dare they mess with Anne !
 I 'm not quite sure what Kevin Sullivan was thinking with this followup DVD . It truly had so much potentional , but unfortunately , the characters were virtually unrecognizable . Do n't waste your time .
 Those of us who grew up with and loved the books , were able to overlook the differences in the first 2 movies because for the most part they kept the characters true . This last movie was just a horrible mess ! Except for looking the same , I had no idea who these characters even were ! Save yourself and dont even bother .
 Does not follow the books and turns Anne into a tramp . Its the worst movie ever . It totally changes and deviates from her true Charecter . Its nothing the writer ever ment for Anne .
 In one of the early scenes in this movie , the main character , Anne Shirley spots her beloved Gilbert from the beach and runs to greet him ... only to do an epic faceplant in the sand . This pretty much sums up this movie . It strives and yet falls flat on its face repeatedly . It was an ill-conceived attempt to further cash in on the Anne franchise . Unlike the first two parts of this `` trilogy '' of movies , this story is original and not truly based on the works of Montgomery at all . Even overlooking that , the story is weak at best and reminiscent of an early soap opera or the worst of Danielle Steele . Characterization is lacking . Gone is the polyannish girl with red hair who would illuminate people 's hearts with her flair for the dramatic and her love of words . We are given in her stead a generic female protagonist who lives in fear and whose only real drive is to reunite with her husband -- she could just as easily be a grown Nancy Drew . The writing was stilted at the best of times , so it is a credit to the extraordinary acting abilities of Megan Fellows et al. that they were able to deliver some of these lines without choking on the cheese . The Magic of Green Gables -LRB- and Avonlea in general -RRB- was that it was an archetypal Home . It was a place where the pies were always hot and hearts were always glad . This movie begins with a violation of that , so it begins on a note of betrayal . It continues in that spirit with the addition of adult subplots that have no real business in a young adult movie -LRB- marital difficulties , ethical dilemmas , hospital politics ... -RRB- I have given this movie a rating of two stars because as usual the acting was superb and it was just barely enough to pull this movie from the edge of the cliff .
 The Continuing Story was a complete disappointment . Back when it first aired on PBS , I was thrilled to see that there was a third movie in the series . However , after reading all of the books in the series , `` The Continuing Story '' did not follow along with the plot in the books . I wanted to see a movie with the same warmth and charm as the first two films . I do n't think I will ever watch The Continuing Story again .
 Loved the bookks.Loved the films Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Green Gables the Sequel.Hated Anne of Green Gables the Continuing Story.This insulting trash should never have been made the way it was.It was Anne and Gilbert 's sons who fought in World War 1 and not Gilbert , he would have been too old!And they had Anne acting all weird and out of character so much so that it really has bothered a lot of fans.Dont bother with this trash !
 Why , and I mean WHY do people ruin things like that ?! What for ? What have we done wrong?If you like Anne , do n't even think of buying this . Do n't watch it if you 're given it as a present . Do n't give it as a present - not even to your worse enemy , because by doing this you would be supporting the terrible people who killed the idea of Anne like this.So you want to buy it because you really liked the first movie ? True , it was good , not really perfect maybe , but still a good one.You kind of enjoyed the second movie ? Yes , it was n't bad , it had very little to do with the books , but still there was the spirit . Well , some spirit.But please , do n't even think of buying this one ! I mean , Anne following Gilbert to Europe to fight in World War I ? What on earth is that supposed to mean ? Has any of the authors ever heard of how Maud , Anne 's `` mother '' , totally hated war and how she felt about it?This movie is absolutely , totally and tragically horrible . It 's soppy and nonsensical , its plot is utterly stupid and not even a tiny wee bit close to Anne 's spirit.Don ' t support the producers by buying this hopeless thing.PS . This is the firest one-star review I 've written . Imagine how mad at this movie I must be .
 The only reason I gave this 2 stars is because I thought the actors involved did a great job , they played the roles with heart and were very believable . The movie itself was very `` heavy '' to watch and not at ALL what I had hoped for . The first two were such fun loving films and this one is so dark and at times just odd . Like , the part at the end when Anne is saying goodbye to a friend whose son she saved during the war , and she tells him `` I will always think of Dominic as ours '' , Uh ... okay . Why would the baby be hers in any way ??? Bizarre , just a weird thing to say . And the end was very annoying , when Anne and Gilbert fight to get Green Gables back and then decide to move away !!! I wish I 'd never watched this one and just ended it with the second one , where Anne and Gil decide to be together .
 I highly advise you not to waste your money on this film . It was not true to the books at all . The first two in this series are Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea , which are my favorite films of all time . I encourage you to watch those as well as read the books . The only good thing about this third one is that `` Gilbert '' is as hot as ever .
 I bought this DVD and was excited to watch it since I had seen the previous ones . I had heard that it veered away from the story but I still wanted to see it.I have not read the books but I was disappointed . You compare this to the first two and there 's just not a lot of delight in watching it.What I thought made Anne Shirley so wonderful to see was that she was this orphan who brought joy to everyone whose life she touched and yet I saw no joy coming from her interactions with other people.I found her friend Diana 's marital problems totally uncalled for . I find it hard to believe that was in any books as L.M.M. seemed to write upbeat things . I found Diana totally unsympathetic and the portrayal of her enemy Josie was just awful . Josie was always stuck up but here she was portrayed as a self riteous shrew ! I did n't like to hate her in this story as in the past stories , I just wanted her to go away and for Anne and Gil to welcome her with open arms at their wedding ? Please ... Gil was Anne 's love of her life so why was Gil absent for most of the movie and Anne 's thrown into a relationship with a cad who 's had a love child ? People have said that Anne and Gilbert had children why was it so important for Anne to adopt someone 's love child and for her not to even be expecting a child in the end?Anne in the previous movies seemed to have a knack for solving other people 's problems and here she 's just having problems thrown at her . To put Anne Shirley Blythe in the middle of a war zone just seemed totally over the top and out of the realm of what Anne should be doing.Someone said that there was a wedding night scene that was deleted in the American version however , I wish I could have seen it because with the way it all played out , I was wondering if Anne and Gil had even consummated their marriage before he left.Overall , not the greatest movie I 've ever seen and compared to the previous Anne movies , it 's a big disappointment .
 When I heard that there was to be another Anne of Green Gables movie with Megan Follows -LRB- !!! -RRB- I was very excited . But as soon as I began watching this movie I realized that this story had absolutly nothing to do with the books written by L.M. Montgomery . The beauty , tragedy and humor that is found in the novels is tarnished by the film . For those who have n't read the books , read them , and for those who have I 'd recommend watching Anne of Green Gables and the sequel again .
 This is not even worthy of being called `` The Continuing Story '' as it is so completely different from L.M.Montgomery 's original novels . It was such a disappointment , and horrifying to see them stray so much from what were some of the best books and movies I 've ever read and seen . I can not believe the original actors signed on to this project - if they had truly stuck to the story , it would have been wonderful .
 There should be laws against this kind of thing . The only connection between this film and the books OR the previous two films with the same cast -LRB- which were very good -RRB- , is the names . I could n't find one single thing that happened in any of the books in this film . It 's not even a good film by itself - the plotline is really silly and none of the characters or their actions are at all appealing - as another reviewer has said , the part where she gives away Green Gables is just WRONG . The whole film is completely depressing . L M Montgomery would have a fit .
 Do not see if you want to preserve the wonder of the first two installments .
 AAAGGGGHHHHHHH ! That 's the sound of millions of Anne of Green Gables fans screaming in collective disgust . Not only is this last Anne movie bad . It 's HORRIFYINGLY bad ! I am a strongly against capital punishment but this movie has given me pause . I ca n't believe the Canadian government did n't put the movies producer in front of a firing squad for the way he thoroughly trashed the wonderful stories of Anne , Gilbert and the gang -LRB- not to mention trashing the hopes of millions of Anne fans -RRB- . How a movie producer could miss so badly after hitting two grand slams is totally beyond my comprehension . Why did he depart from the books and make up a totally different story ? The first two Anne of Green Gables movies were beautifully done . This one gives censorship a good name .
 I love the `` Anne '' books , which was why I found this movie so disappointing . The story line of the movie had nothing to do with the story in L.M Montgomery 's books . I think it was rude of the makers of this movie to take L.M. Montgomery 's character names and make up a story entirely of thier own -- one that is totally inferior to the characters and stories of the books .
 If I had n't read the entire Anne of Green Gables series half a dozen times , I probably would have liked this movie , for the scenery , costumes , story line and acting were brilliant . But being a devoted fan of the books , I do n't particularly care for any of the movies , especially the last two , because of the way that the characters , events , and settings were distorted at the whim of the producers . Anne of Green Gables was OK , because it followed the basic story line , but I was dissapointed with Anne of Avonlea , which left out wonderful characters in the books , and threw in people who did n't even exist , as well as combing elements from books 2,3 , and 4 in the series . The last film was especially dissapointing . To begin with , the settings were all wrong . Anne and Gilbert NEVER lived in , or even visited , New York , or anywhere else in America , for that matter . In the books , the time of Gilbert and Anne 's courtship was set in the 1880s -- a peaceful , prosperous time . The turmoil of WWI came much later , when Anne 's youngest daughter , Rilla , was a teenager , and Anne 's three sons go away to fight in the war . The wedding scene was a dissapointment -- I think they should have been already married at the time the film began , or at least at the beginning of the movie , when times were happier . We had been waiting to see it for so long that it should have been a very joyous moment , but instead it was rushed and clouded with sorrow . Also , the story should have shown Anne and Gilbert 's own children -LRB- or at least one or two of them -RRB- instead of an adopted war orphan who did n't even exist in the books . I was horribly dissapointed in this film , and I 'm glad L.M. Montgomery did n't live to see how her Anne of Green Gables series was so horribly rearranged .
 This movie shared no commonality with the Green Gables characters except names . Hideously disappointing . If you 're looking for quality representation of Montgomery 's writing , stick to the first two . Do n't subject yourself to this let-down .
 An utter disgrace . This movie is an abysmal conclusion to the brilliant Anne saga . The warm and unfolding love story between Anne and Gil that kept viewers captivated during the first two movies , is abandoned in order to thoughtlessly pump out an Americanized , trashy , and nonsensical piece of soap opera , which bears no resemblance to the gentle and timeless Anne 1 and 2 . The wedding we had waited 10 years for was rushed and emotionless . Many scenes , including the wedding night fell victim to the cutting room floor . What remains of this movie is a betrayal not only to the characters , but to the scores of fans who have dared to dream about what was to be.I could feel Megan 's angst at portraying a character that was so terribly unfamiliar . Bitter , foul , unfaithful and totally lacking the graceful fortitude known to us , the new Anne goes about systematically destroying the image we all knew and loved . Gil ? Non-existant . With the exception of a few token scenes at the start , he is not seen until the end of the movie . He is gaunt and bereft of the love and devotion that previously made all of us wish we were Anne.Yes , this movie is a total departure from the original books . One could argue creative license . But what truly makes it a catostrophic failure is that there is no attempt at all to give the viewers - who have waited 10 years - what we so desperately wanted . Anne and Gil.If this were n't meant to be an Anne of Green Gables movie , perhaps it would be classed as a feeble attempt at a war-time love story , overshadowed by an even more feeble spy story . In a word - GARBAGE .
 I have a love/hate relationship with this movie.Anne and Gil 's deep love for each other and mutual support of the other 's achievements touched my heart . Their passion for each other has clearly amplified , and they FINALLY got married . I also found it refreshing that Gil placed compassion for his patients above personal ambition.However , many other aspects of the film bothered me . For one thing , Anne is supposed to be in her twenties . I 'm in MY twenties , and she looks far older than me -LRB- so does Gil -RRB- . Another disturbing thing I noticed was uncharacteristic behavior from both of them . Granted , people do change -LRB- sometimes quite a bit -RRB- . However , seeing Gilbert smoke and Anne drink seemed rather strange . And why is someone else playing Fred ? Apparently Fred has changed a lot in his personality and looks . He does n't even resemble the man I saw in the second movie!Like many others who saw the film , I did n't like the `` spy element '' or the heavy-handed war theme . I had a difficult time processing everything I watched.It also broke my heart to see Green Gables in ruins . I wonder what Marilla 's reaction would have been if she 'd lived to see how Mr. Harrison kept up the place . It would have been a no-nonsense approach , for sure . -LRB- Maybe a broom on his backside ! -RRB- So , all that being said , I have a rather ambivalent view of this film , though I loved seeing Anne and Gil again . I grew up with the first two movies , which I still think were FAR superior in tone and quality to this one .
 This movie was a horrible disappointment . I enjoy my Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea movies when I feel like watching a semi-dramatic but otherwise uplifting story . When I want to watch a depressing war movie , I will rent Saving Private Ryan . Plus , the whole story line about Diana being snobby and having marital troubles was just absurd . I wasted my money purchasing a movie I will never watch again .
 This is truly terrible . It has nothing to do with Anne of Green Gables , that 's for sure . It reads like a bad soap opera ! The charm of the story was killed ! The love between Anne and Gil and Diana and Fred was stomped out . When they showed Green Gables in ruins I felt like someone punched my in the chest.I wanted to barf at the thought of Anne and Fred together ! Anne would never do that to her dearest friend , or her beloved Gilbert . I wo n't even go into the Jack nonsense . Anne would never be attracted to such a loser.Oh and the wedding ! Or lack there of I should say . Nothing from the books . Nothing . In this dumb movie they had a quickie wedding so Gil could go off to war.They also took out all the national pride . In the book , the characters loved their country and were willing to sacrifice to protect it . Anne would n't go around whinning about the war.All in all , tragedy . This movie is devoid of love .
 As a huge fan of Anne , this movie was the worst ever ... There is no romance , and the movie seems thown together rather than thought out . If you are a fan , you will be disappointed , the ending to Anne of Avonlea was far better . . I am going to get the books and read them , hoping to drive this movie from my memory . Very disappointed .
 this movie was awful , nothing like the first movie and even worse than the second
 If there was a way to go back in time and NOT watch this movie , I would do it in a heartbeat . I am so disappointed there are not words to express it . I am usually less critical of movie versions of favorite books than most of my friends ... but this movie broke my heart with its awfulness . I could n't figure out how to give it zero stars ... but if I could have , I would have.The entire Anne of Green Gables series is my favorite series of books . I have read them all dozens of times . I always say that I have a hard time deciding which is my favorite - the first or the last . If they had to put Anne and Gilbert in a WWI movie -LRB- her children fought in the war , not Gilbert -RRB- ... WHY oh WHY could n't they have used storylines from Rilla of Ingleside ? The Anne I know and love is a dreamer . The third movie takes her `` impetuous '' nature -LRB- which she outgrows by her Redmond years , mostly -RRB- and runs with it ... and completely ignores the aspect of Anne that is clever , and witty , and ... kindred spirit-y . The Anne in this movie is NOT of the `` race that knows Joseph . `` I hated this movie so much that I wo n't even resell it to get it out of my house ... then someone else would have to be subjected to it and I could n't forgive myself for that . It just breaks my heart to have the first two movies desecrated by this 3rd ... movie , for lack of a better word.DON ' T see it if you love LM Montgomery as I do . Navigate away from this site and order the book Rilla of Ingleside instead . You 'll be incredibly glad you did !
 In a time when wars , poverty , AIDS , 9/11 and murders dominate the headlines , I have always turned to Anne of Green Gables as a sweet escape reminiscent of of simpler times and honest romance . I loved that Anne and Gilbert did n't fly into each other 's arms without a struggle and that their love was based on faithful friendship and years of becoming `` kindred spirits '' ... the third installment of these movie series smashed all feelings of endearment for me ... I could barely watch it ! I 'm not a prude , but I could n't help but cringe when Anne became almost TOO close with Diana 's husband in Europe and seemed ready to hop into bed with an obvious cad . I did n't believe for a minute that she was happy Gilbert was alive at the end - I almost thought she wished he would just disappear into the dust of WWI . There was so much terrific material from the books - why depart from them so severely ? I was sorely let down by the wedding scene too - she seemed almost depressed to be marrying Gilbert . I had to watch the first two all over again to feel reunited with the characters and Anne 's spunky sense of awe ... YUCK ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ... just use your imagination to envision a third movie .
 I can not even find a proper word to fit the description of this disappointing movie . A complete mess from start to finish is probably the best way to review this . I am not a `` all novels made into movies must be exact '' but this was so far from any of the actual novels that I 'm sure poor Lucy Maud Montgomery would have cried bitter tears at this portrayal . How sad when the other two were so wonderful . I think the only thing that was the same as the novels is Anne and Gilbert are together . That 's about it . What a shame .
 I loved the earlier Anne movies in childhood and I still do today . Unfortunately this third film is wrecked by the very unimaginative storytelling . The whole thing is full of cliches . It feels like the story was written in desparation in about a night . I literallly cringed when images from the previous two movies were shown as Anne 's recollections , i suppose to make us feel sentimental or something . Just one of the unsuccessful aspects of this `` film . '' The film itself deserves zero stars . The one star is entirely for the sake of the cast members , who are not to blame for the abysmal results of this film , the `` plot '' is worthless . An utter failure , a waste of money and talent and time . Why bother ?
 I am a huge fan of the books and was so delighted years ago to come across the first and second movies . I was so filled with anticipation for the third that I bought it . I was deeply disappointed . Anne , Gilbert , Diana and Fred are all present , but that is the only resemblance to the book this movie has . One of many low points was Anne going across Europe by train dressed as a nun , drinking liquor from a flask -LRB- not kidding -RRB- . The movie makers missed the importance of family and community embodied in the books and first two movies . If they ever make another movie , I hope they return to the books for their story line .
 THE GOOD
 My family and I love Anne of Green Gables and cried through most of it . . we do not have a problem with the first 2 ... but ... . we have been watching the series 1.30 each week and come to the last dvd the coninuing story and boy is is the worst acted and story movie we have ever seen ... I do not know what happen to Anne -LRB- megan fellows -RRB- she was dead in every which way you look at it , no sparkal , no love no joy or happeness in her eyes or face at any time , she acted like a 50 year old women , we know she grew up but a person who has sparkle and joy and laughter in their eyes never loses that , and her voice in a few years has become deep and old . . we are so disappointed and so upset with this dvd ... how can ones acting and joy be gone so fast ... help
 Even though I 'm using the kids reveiw i AM 13 . I have read the Anne books and love them ... I also love the first two movies of `` Anne '' and I WAS going to buy the 3rd one . But i read all the reveiws and found that Anne 's become a `` near adultress '' -LRB- which is horryifing -RRB- and that Green Gables burns , and the horrible disappointment of Anne and Gilberts wedding -LRB- How could they do that ?! We 've been waiting SO long for a HAPPY and JOYFUL wedding between Anne and Gilbert like the books protrayed -RRB- and all this stuff about Fred and Diana , this Jack guy and Josie and all the people saying to not waste my time and money and how so many of them had to re-watch and re-read the Anne books and 1 & 2 movies to try and forget the `` horror '' of ` The Continuing Story . ' I 'm very displeased to hear that there 's nothing about Annes children -LRB- who are almost as charming as Anne herslef -RRB- or anything from `` Anne 's House of Dreams '' The totel stripping of the books and charecters ... . I want to thank all the people who reveiwed this movie so i would n't watch the 3rd movie !!
 If you loved the first 2 annes , do NOT watch the 3rd one . Personally , I think the movie should be recalled by the FDA due to the hazardous and painful effects on the hearts and minds of Anne fans everywhere . Might as well watch Anne and Gilbert get divorced . That actually might be less painful . They should just remake it . I 'll chip in my $ 0.02 -LRB- literally and metaphorically -RRB- to help fund a redo of the 3rd one ; and they should only release it to the unsuspecting public if it 's deemed viewable by Anne fans . Anyone want to petition/hold fundraisers for a remake ? In the mean time , just reread the books and use your Anne-like imagination.Dear Mr. Sullivan-In case you are listening -- I have GREAT ideas for the remake , just email me and we 'll talk ; - -RRB-
 I finally watched this Anne movie when I received it as part of the trilogy box set . What a disappointment ! I have never read the books but I fell in love with the first two Anne movies as a tween . This movie was barely viewable.First off , it is supposed to be five years after the second movie , but the actors all look like they have aged 15 years -LRB- big shock considering the huge time difference between the making of the 2nd and 3rd films -RRB- . It also took me about 1/2 of the movie to reconcile the new deepness of Megan Follows voice with the Anne character -LRB- which probably was n't helped by the fact I had just finished watching the first two movies -RRB- . I kept getting pulled out of the movie by the age lines every time a close-up of Anne or Gil appeared.Second , the relationship between Anne and Fred in London is just creepy . And the way he looks at her at then end of the movie , with Diana happily preggers beside him , made feel like I needed to take a shower to wash away the ick.Third , I just did n't like this Anne at all . She had zero of the dreamy-eyed drama queen quality that made me love the Anne character to begin with . She was kinda smarmy in the beginning of the movie and I 'm not so sure they did n't cut out some love scenes with Anne and Fred and Anne and Jack because I got the distinct feeling that , despite her ` must find Gilbert ' mantra , she was not true to her wedding vows.Last , not enough of the Anne/Gilbert romance . Come on ... that was half of what sold the original two movies , the absolute certainty these two were soul mates ! Where was the wedding ! And why did it take five years to happen ? No way did the Anne and Gil from the first two movies wait five more years to marry ! And then him ship off with the ink barely dry on the marriage certificate , absolutely not!What was wrong with giving the fans what they wanted , more of Avonlea life with Anne and Gil as a young married couple ?
 As a child , my mother and I sat and watched the original Anne of Green Gables too many times to count ; we both loved it so much . So , when it was announced that they were doing another sequel to the movie , we were both excited . However ; as we were expecting it to be as close to the original book as the previous movies were , we were both grievously disappointed and had to force ourselves to continue to watch it to the bitter end.This movie has none of the charm and none of the warmth of the original . In fact , it is such a departure from `` Anne of Green Gables '' that it really does n't seem like part of Anne 's story at all . Every action seems out of character for all involved and the storyline is too ludicrous to be belived . Even if this had been a movie that was separate from `` Anne of Green Gables '' this movie would not be worth seeing at all . There is absolutely nothing about this movie to recommend it to anyone , even for an Anne fan like myself . It 's downright boring.If you want a wonderful story , a more believable story , and a more heart-warming story , read the books that take place after the original movies
 I was so disappointed to see this movie . I loved the first 2 and was pleasantly surprised to see that a third movie was being made . But , this one had ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with the true Anne story . I know the first 2 movies had small variations but this was total fiction . I ca n't believe the took the story of Anne and Gilbert and made it this way . What a sad day for Anne fans when this movie was made ...
 As a long-time fan of both the books AND the movies , I was eager to see `` Anne , the Continuing Story . `` I was miserably disappointed . This new Anne had NOTHING to do with the books . Why , oh why , did n't they just follow the REAL story ?! This was n't Anne , it was some other person 's story masquerading as Anne , and it was terrible.The story plodded along , it was boring and incredibly slow-moving . They tried to make a very little bit of story into a very lengthy miniseries . And it just did n't work.Even with `` Anne of Avonlea , '' the second movie in this series , they kept with events that were in the books , even though they changed a lot of things around . But this third installment did n't have a single thing from the novels at all , except a few familiar characters . There are still four more books in the Anne series that they have n't touched , they could easily have taken things from THEM , so why did they make this wishy-washy movie ? It was incredibly disappointing.Stick with the first two movies , which are both charming and delightful ; this movie is a waste of time and money . If you want to know what REALLY happens to Anne and Gilbert , read the books .
 This piece of tripe is one of the worst films ever made . The filmmaker borrowed the character names from the classic L.M. Montgomery books , and created a hideous travesty that is totally untrue on multiple levels :1 -RRB- Timing
 My wife and I are fans of the Anne movies and have wanted to see this for some time . Since we could n't find it in any video stores , I bought it for my wife for Christmas , despite the mixed and mostly unfavorable reviews.After watching it , I have mixed feelings about this movie . Unfortunately , the negatives outweigh the positives . The first half of the movie is surprisingly good . It was a little uncomfortable seeing the actors so much older and their characters as adults , but in all the first half was fairly true in spirit to the original films and it set-up a potentially promising conclusion.However , the second half is nearly a runaway disaster and that caused me to look more at the faults of the first half as well . The movie relies on implausibly coincidental meetings and other happenstance to advance the plot . Right from the beginning it seems strange that 4 or 5 years have passed and yet -LRB- despite the fact that the actors look ancient -RRB- Anne and Gilbert are not yet married . This movie has way too much Jack Garrison and not enough Gilbert Blythe . It 's like Sullivan could n't find any other way to introduce conflict other than to revert to `` will Anne really end up with Gilbert ? '' The separated-from-and-searching-for-a-loved-one plot-line that dominated the second half was tired and unoriginal . In this regard , it kept reminding me of `` the Journey of Natty Gann . '' Gone from this film are the charm , poetry , wit , and innocence of the original films . In their place are heavy , somber , and pessimistic characters and plot-lines . Indeed , Anne seems like just another movie character in this film . There 's nothing particularly special about the plot that requires Anne to be the heroine.Setting aside the un-Anne-like plot , the story itself would n't stand really well even if this had n't been an Anne movie . The whole storyline with Garrison was bizarre , confusing , and -LRB- gulp -RRB- boring . Another criticism is that the movie seems to apply a modern set of values to the characters . They behaved as people might today , but not necessarily the way people in the early 1900 's would have.Finally , the short conclusion is full of cliche dialogue and comes upon the viewer quickly . The resolution is no more than 10 minutes of a movie that is 3 hours in length . As such , the ending feels trite and rushed .
 I first saw Anne on screen when I was 15 - I read every book about her that I could find , and have read and re-read them many times since . My friends and I watched the movies in college over and over - I never expected them to make another , and wish they had n't ! I happened to watch it on TV , and was crushed . The second movie strayed slightly from the novels in order to condense the storyline , but the names and characters and ideas were all the same . This third movie was n't even close ! I don ; t understand - a movie version of Anne 's House of Dreams , or even Rilla of Ingleside would have been exciting and sweet , and much more scenic . It also would have solved the problem of replacing actors - there are so many new characters in those stories , and the aging of our favorite stars would have been more natural . I was dismayed , until I happened to catch Anne of Avonlea on TV today - it reminded me of the Anne stories that i loved , and I am going to dig out my old books and read those stories again - hopefully purge myself of that awful # 3 ! But I do agree with so many others - Megan Follows and Jonathan Crombie were great with what they had to work with . I don ; t even mind not seeing them in other films - they will always be Anne and Gil to me !
 I have been a huge fan of L. M. Montgomery 's work since I was an eleven-year old girl living in the Caribbean . I 've read and re-read , and re-read her stories again and again , and ca n't seem to get enough . The first two film installments in the Anne of Green Gables story are warm , beautiful , funny , inspiring and moving pieces of work , that are more or less faithful to Montgomery 's original novels.The third installment is a travesty.Anachronism , bad dialogue , bad plot and plain old bad acting plague this `` sequel '' . I say `` sequel '' in quotes , because the thing I dislike the most about the movie is the fact that the storyline is a complete departure from what Montgomery had envisioned for Anne so long ago . What a way to end it.That said , I 've decided to purchase only the first two installments , and leave the third alone . I prefer to have Anne and Gilbert live out their literary lives in my imagination , than to poison my memory of them with the drivel that is Anne of Green Gables
 Watching Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea , was always a favorite activity for myself and two of my nieces -LRB- aged 12 and 10 -RRB- . When I got a hold of the Continuing Story , they insisted we watch it together for the first time . We were in for a shock ! I had to completely calm them down before they went to bed - for they have of fear of terrible nightmares . I enjoyed it - but there should be some kind of warning that this installment of the movie , may not be appropriate for younger kids .
 I like Lucy Maud Montgomery 's Anne of Green Gables series of books and I loved the movies Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea , The Continuing Story was on TV the other night and sadly I have to say I was disappointed with it , it was dull , had no resembalance to the books or the other movies and I was so bored !
 The movie cover and dvd itself , both listed the the product as `` the continuing story '' . However , the dvd was not the continuing story , but the first Anne of Green Gables movie . I find this extremely disappointing and am very frustrated that there is no way to return it and be reimbursed . Get your supplies corrected !
 I was so dissapointed with this i gave it away unlike the first two i wouldnt watch again , it had not one ounce of the magic the first two had ! it was a total waste of time making it !
 My fourth grade teacher introduced Anne to me thirteen years ago , and ever since then I 've been an avid reader of the series as well as a fan of the first two movies.While channel surfing one night , I came across this movie and was excited that someone finally made a third installment of this series . About halfway through the movie , I had the most confused look on my face . Sure these were the same characters , and the same great actors portraying them , but what in the world is this story about?I was looking forward to having this third movie pick up where the last one left off or at least keep true to the books by L.M.M. . It was such a let down after expecting a great closing movie after all the years Anne of Avonlea first came out . By the end of the movie I felt no closure whatsoever . It was as if Gilbert and Anne were still standing on the bridge at the end of the second movie . This just is n't how the Anne series was supposed to end .
 I was greatly disappointed with this movie . They might as well have called it ` Anne The Action Hero ' . Instead of staying true to Lucy Maud Montgomery 's story , Anne and Gilbert go off to the war , the war their children were actually fighting . Instead of seeing Anne and Gilbert settle into family life with their children , the writers instead made up this crazy movie with so many plots and basically a lot of chaos . It was so sad to watch this movie knowing that they had officially ruined the Anne of Green Gables trilogy . Sadly too , the movie was made so many years after the second one that Anne looks very aged . It would have been much more appropriate to follow her family life and watch her children growing and all the great adventures they had .
 An ardent Anne fan since third grade , I 've seen the first two movies -LRB- Anne of Green Gables , and Anne of Avonlea -RRB- and I continue to be surprised with the caliber of those two films . Anne of Green Gables remains overall faithful , and is a delightful film . Anne of Avonlea attempts to combine three of the books into one film , and although many character changes , stays true to the overall sentiment of the books . I was flipping channels one night however , and I saw that a new Anne movie would be on , -LRB- The Continuing Story -RRB- which I had not seen . At the end of the movie , I thought that , I would be sick . Even other members of my family who have read the series , but really had little or no opinions about them , shared my sentiments . I was so outraged that I wished to see the author of this script , and ask them how they were hired , for they should have been fired upon the first draft . In this movie , there is nothing , that at all relates to any of the books . The characters zoom forward in time , placing Gilbert in the middle of war , when in the reality of the series , Gilbert was far too old to fight , and it was Anne 's sons who went away . None of charming characters from Anne 's later lives are present , and are replaced by idiotic characters , including the token `` Yankees '' Anne meets in her journey . The baby Anne adopts in the series is supposed to be a parallel to the baby her 17 year old daughter -LRB- yes ... 17 years old , and this is her YOUNGEST daughter -RRB- during the war , but in the series the baby is ultimately returned to it 's father . This movie made me sick , and it will to anyone who cares anything at all about preserving one of the greatest works of fiction . On top of it all , it 's simply what one would call a bad movie , plain and simple regardless of it 's staying true to the series ... it was baaaaaaad
 The romance , the moments where your hand finds your heart and it skips a beat as a smile unfolds on your face . Or when you laugh it hurts . And you know you 've called at least one of your friends your `` Bossom buddy '' and have searched the globe for your very own `` Gilbert Blythe ! '' Smile , you are a true fan of L.M.M. 's books and her unforgetable characters . And then stop right there . Do n't go any further than the two movies previously seen in the 80s . For the third , `` the continuing story ... '' is best unseen . Anne has lost her tongue to describe the world with her imagination and rushes off to engulf herself in WWI and find her beloved Gilbert . Diana , like all the characters , have lost their romatic passion for their true character and above all , Green Gables which is all torn down and dilapidated is exactly how you feel from start to finish . So , know in your heart that Gilbert does n't have to give Anne her Castles in the sky , because all she wants is him and leave it at that for the movies . All those who are entranced to learn more about Anne can find it only in their imgainations through the epic novels written by L.M.M.
 Obviously , this movie can not be compared to the first two . It was n't the worst I 've seen , but it definately could have been better . Although , seeing some of the old cast members did bring a smile to my face . : -RRB- But I still wonder why in the world they did n't follow the storyline from the books better -LRB- remember , the first original films did n't really follow the books but they were much more cautious and respectful to Lucy Maud Montgomery 's work -RRB- . They could have easily followed -LRB- at the very least -RRB- `` Anne 's House of Dreams '' about life after Gilbert and Anne were married -LRB- speaking of which , Anne and Gil may as well ` eloped ' . It sure felt like it because of their ` speedy ' wedding ... RIDICULOUS ! -RRB- . I guess the writers , producers ... etc were ` nervous ' that * if * they ` did ' follow the original storyline , it would n't be as `` exciting '' as a WWI topic they pulled -LRB- which twisted the series around -RRB- . I guess to them , watching things blow up is more exciting than watching couple of women drink tea . They have to remember that the reason why the first two were so popular was because the movie did n't follow the ` protocol ' of excitement that so many of us are fed these days with the technology in movies . Had they kept the storyline from the books as they should have done , the ratings here could have been MUCH different.A little additional note ... ` we ' Gilbert/Anne romance fans would have happily overlooked missing the actual wedding between the two characters in place where we could see their life after the ceremony with Gilbert 's first years of him being a doctor and Anne 's life while meeting new characters . It certainly would have been better.One thing that absolutely BOTHERED me to no end was how they made Diana 's husband and Anne too close for comfort . I simply did n't feel the ` passion ' Gilbert and Anne had together in this film as when they last left us in a embrace at the end of the second movie . That in itself was a insult to the whole series and the many many years of fans discovering these wonderful books . And mostly , it 's a slap in the face to Lucy Maud Montgomery!I truly hope that SOMEONE who was in charge -LRB- or can be in charge -RRB- see these reviews and reconsider remaking another finale Green Gables movie where they can bypass their blatant mistake of this one . And to create a final movie that all of us fans deserve and what the book series deserves.Maybe we can do something ...
 This movie based on a book should at least have some recognizable story threads from the original . This movie did not . It felt like the Scouring of Avonlea . It is depressing with such an out of character and time period soap opera storyline . It starts with a feminist conflict for Anne at a publishing house in New York , then drops that to move into the anti-war war plot . Anne the romantic goes to the battlefield chasing Gilbert , gets roped in as a spy -LRB- a naive , incompetent one , do n't get caught drinking Anne-nun -RRB- and has some `` McGyver '' moments . Rooming with Fred and Jack 's baby was the worst example of out of time period behavior . I could go into all the details but that 's already been done .
 What a disappointment . As a British American I was very much offended by this movie . My wife and I got this from the library to watch with our kids and it was not what we expected at all . We all loved the first two movies and my wife and daughters loved all the books . We really were hoping to have a true continuation that followed the books and this was not it.Once the war scenes started we had to send our five kids upstairs . This movie is not for kids and definitely not an Anne movie . Anne would never have acted the way this movie portrayed her . They should have stayed with the books and then the movie would have been spot on . The only scene that really reflected Anne how she would have been is when she first greeted Gilbert and fell flat on her face in the mud.This movie was very anti-American and not particularly flattering to the British . Though I did enjoy the scene during the enlistment of soldiers when they were being lead by a bagpiper . That would seem accurate.In summary if you have no idea who Anne of Green Gables is and do not care then this movie would be good . But if you are looking for the Anne Shirley of the books written by Lucy Maud Montgomery you will not find her here .
 As a young girl , I read these books over and over and over again . I cried when Anne 's children died and I laughed when she dyed her hair green.After watching this movie with another Anne fan -LRB- who had n't read any of the books -RRB- I was simply appalled . This is completely contrary to the original story-line and demeans the innocence and virtue of a truly wonderful character.It pained me to see how Anne and Gilbert behaved here while knowing in my mind how things should have unfolded.If you 're a true Anne fan , please just skip this entirely .
 I finally broke down and decided to watch Anne of Green Gables - The Continuing Story . For years I have put it off because everyone in my family hated it . I did not want to see my favorite characters and story lines wrecked beyond belief . I was not 20 minutes into this version when I realized my worst fears were reality.The characters were ripped out of their normal timeframe and put into WWI . It was jarring for me to see the costumes updated by 25 years or so when only 5 years are supposed to have passed . In the books , it is not Anne and Gilbert who go to war but their grown sons . Anne and Gilbert 's wedding is supposed to be a joyous , intimate , fresh experience . Marilla is supposed to be there . I hate the way they changed the timeline.I also disliked seeing Diana snobby and rich , married to a disillusioned and boring husband . LMM wrote her as sweet , happily married and settled on a farm.What was the purpose of burning a hole in Green Gables ? Why was it ever run down in the first place ? It seems to me that Sullivan wanted this movie to be as depressing as possible . The new character -LRB- Garrison ? -RRB- gets more screen time with Anne than Gilbert does . I found the interest between Anne and Garrison ridiculous as the `` real '' Anne would never have behaved this way . Sitting close to him on the train , kissing his head and saying she will always feel Domonique to be their child . Staying alone with Fred in a suite and then mentioning they are like a married couple . Again , so far from how Anne would have behaved . Can you imagine what Marilla or Rachel Lynde would have said?The political commentary Sullivan interjected into his Anne story must have LMM spinning in her grave . She wrote these characters -LRB- including the women -RRB- as proud to serve their country and ready to sacrifice to end the evils of the Kaiser 's regime . Another reviewer mentioned that Sullivan borrowed LMM 's characters to write his own story . This is true , only he does not have the talent of LMM and should not have sullied her characters in this way.The first two movies were fresh , innocent and a lovely interpretation of the time in which they were set . This movie is dark , dreary and depressing . There seems to be no good reason why Anne and Gilbert drag their feet to get married . When they finally do , it is the most somber wedding I have ever seen . People crying , tents falling over , a ridiculous minister , depression . A lot of fans waited a long time to see the continuation of Anne 's story only to be met with this disappointment.I read there were lawsuits going on between Sullivan and LMM 's heirs that prohibited Sullivan from using LMM 's stories , though he did have the rights to the characters . If this is true , then it is a shame they did not work things out and give legions of fans the Anne story they deserved and longed for . Sullivan waited so long that the actors lost the bloom of youth and are hard to believe as young Anne and Gilbert in love . Sullivan should not have proceeded with this mess . Better not to attempt a movie at all than to wait so long and then depart so severely from LMM 's vision.It 's a shame that we will never see Anne III as it should have been . Perhaps eventually someone will make more of these stories with a heart for staying true to LMM 's charming works .
 I grew up on the first two Anne movies and all of LM Montomery 's works and this movie just sucked . Big time . Where in the freaking world did they come up with that story line ? Ugh . I feel cheated . I want a remake ... in fact , let 's just start from square one with a filmmaker who cares about getting it right ... maybe the folks over at the BBC are up to the challenge ??? Anybody ??? -LRB- echo ... echo ... -RRB-
 What a missed opportunity!I have both the other installments on DVD and watched them again right before I watched the third . What a disappointment it was.There could have been so many other ways to write the third installment of this beloved story but , this writer decided to start a whole new story using Anne and Gil in totally different unbelievable tale of war and unhappiness.Would have loved to have seen Gil and Anne live at Green Gables , raise their family and have such friends as Morgan Harris ' sister , a librarian , and Katherine as a school head mistress in Avon lea.This movie has been so disappointing to me it is almost traumatic.Please everyone save your money . I wished i had listened to others before I bought it .
 This last installment of Anne on PBS was a complete disppointment . This movie marks a complete departure from anything vaguely resembling what LM Montgomery wrote.The inconsistencies are glaring . Diana and Fred living in Green Gables ? Gilbert being the one going to war and Anne following as a nurse ? Not even close . By WWI , Anne and Gilbert had been married for years and had 6 kids . The kids are the ones who fought in WWI.There are other problems as well with this movie and it is directly related to the writers not following the books . The movie does not have the same joy and charm that has been attributed to the other 2 movies.If you have not seen this movie and are a fan on Anne , stick with the first two and do n't waste your time on this poorly conceived last movie .
 My wife roped me into watching this third installment of the Anne of Green Gables series . Secretly , men are gluttons for true romance , and I am no exception , so I `` reluctantly '' agreed . But this movie was unendurable . Far from the living room , I fiddled with other reading , but I could n't help thinking about what sort of audience the writer was aiming for . As a stand-alone movie , it 's simply terrible . So I assumed that it was just about sequel money . But it failed miserably as a sequel too . As I reviewed the reviews of reviewers more literate about the Anne literature , I also noticed the sprinkling of + positive + reviews . Then I got distracted with answering the question
 Im only giving it one star because the option of giving no starts is not available.I too was totaly disapointed in this film . The only thing that resembled the Anne of Green Gables series was the names of the charachters . Why the producers decided to go so far away from the series story ... I have no idea . It 's the wrong time frame , the wrong story line , the wrong character profiles . They set Green Gables on fire for goodness sake ... absolute sacrilege . They set the timeperiod in WW1 , with Anne and Gilbert just getting married . Please !!!! In Rilla of Ingleside -LRB- Montgomery 's last Anne book -RRB- , Anne 's three sons go to fight in the war . The first two films were perfect so I do n't know why the producers had to ruin it . What were they thinking ? I can only hope that someone else will redo the series and include the great stories that begin in Anne 's House of Dreams .
 This final installment of an otherwise brilliant trilogy on the Anne of Green Gables story is beyond horrific . It is a stain on the memory of Lucy Maude Montgomery .
 What a travesty of film making and story telling . To link `` Anne of Green Gables '' to this is misleading to the readers of the books and lovers of the two previous films - making this link is the only way that this film will sell . As pointed out by other reviewers , the only similarity with the previous films are the actors portraying Anne and Gilbert , and even in this the chemistry they had shown in the first two films is totally lacking here.Aside from that , there were so many ludicrous scenes that it was actually embarrassing to watch at times
 For any real fan of Anne 's , this film is a mammoth disappointment . It does n't follow the books AT ALL , but goes off on an improbable storyline that is both absurd and unsatisfying . In addition , for those who have read the books and know that Anne 's SON goes off to fight in WWI , the idea that she follows Gilbert to Europe in the fracas is ridiculous . The only plus to the movie is seeing Megan Follows play Anne once more . She 's so good at it ... my reccomendation is to BORROW the movie from someone to watch it . It 's not worth spending your money on . Hey , if you want the VHS , I 'll GIVE it to you .
 I have been a devoted Anne Fan for as long as I can remember . I grew up watching the movies from the age of five or six , and I have read all of the books so many times that they are falling apart . So naturally when I heard that a third movie about my favorite literary character was coming out , I was so excited I could barely wait until it aired . What a disappointment that third installment turned out to be . While I was very happy that so many of the original cast were involved , I was upset by the extreme departure from the story line of L.M.Montgomery 's books . The magical feeling of the first two movies was not present in the third . The spirit of Anne was gone . Plus , the time frame was completely off . In the books , Anne and Gilbert have sons fighting in World War I. Not at all consistent . The movie did have its good points . The acting was well done , and the scenery was lovely . But for such a long time fan of Anne , it was not what it should have been .
 I am a deaf person and really enjoyed watching the first two movies with closed caption . I 'm very disappointed that this movie do n't even have closed caption in it . I noticed that the ones with closed caption have Walt Disney label on it . Obiviously this one does n't . I know other deaf people would enjoy watching it . BUT it will be disappointing for them not able to watch and understand the movie . So I 'm asking you PLEASE consider to have your movie closed caption . Thank you
 I have to wholeheartedly agree with all of the negative reviews of this movie . Disappointing is not even the word for this movie ! Why was it made if they were n't going to do it right or stay true to the books or the television movies that we all grew up loving ? This sorry excuse for an ending to a trilogy of sorts was painful to watch . It was obvious that this adaptation was trying so hard to be something that it was not . For stories and characters this beloved by so many people , it should be a crime to put something like this out to fans .
 First of all , those who have NEVER read the books should not review the films . I say this because , I noticed that the people who gave this third movie the most stars said they have not read the books . These films exist as `` Literature into Film '' ; therefore , they are not just movies to view to pass the time . These films -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- are so popular , because they gave us the characters as presented in the books . Yes , even the second film leaves out characters and deviates from sub-plots , but the essence of the Avonlea people is kept in tact , as well as Anne 's charm . This 3rd installment ... why was it even made ? I have to watch 1 and 2 all over just to find my Anne again . If you loved the first 2 films , then you SHOULD read the rest of the novels -LRB- starting with Anne of Green Gables -RRB- , and then only watch this third installment if you are the type who craves disappointments . And if you have read the books , then this is your fair warning on the huge letdown factor that awaits you with this movie . Otherwise , why bother ? This third movie left me `` in the depths of despair '' ... -LRB- sigh -RRB-
 This sequel should have been called `` Anne of Gone with the Wind . `` It had no light-heartedness of the first two movies , but I tried to like it . It had a sappy ending that made me cry the first time I watched it . On the plus side , it 's better than the last season of `` Buffy . '' I know all fans of `` Anne '' are going to watch it , so brace yourself and try to remember the good times .
 I received the triliogy of DVDs for Christmas this year and was so excited to finally see the finale of Anne of Green Gables . I had heard it was n't as good as the first two but I thought I 'd give it a chance . I wish I had that 3 hours of my life back . This has forever tainted my impression of the series - I wish I could erase it from my memory . If you love the first two , just do n't watch the last one . It is n't worth your curiosity . I can not even rate it one star . It is that bad . I do n't know what Kevin Sullivan was thinking .
 I bought this despite the bad reviews because I thought it was impossible for an Anne movie to be that bad , but they managed to pull it off . Not only do they burn down Green Gables but they create chemistry between Anne and another man while things with Anne and Gil are cold . Come on people ... all we want is a good chick flick with a nice ending !!
 This film does not even deserve 1 star . . I deem this film NEGATIVE 5 Stars . It is possibly one of the WORST films I have ever seen . Not only is the film a betrayal of Anne of Green Gables , but even in its betrayed form , Anne of Green Gables
 I absolutely loved the first two Anne movies . When I heard they were finally making another movie , I was very excited to see it . I was extremely disappointed that the movie thoroughly strayed from L.M. Montgomery 's enchanting story line . The story line was nothing like the true story of Anne , and although some may think it is a good movie in its own way , it is not worthy to carry the name Anne of Green Gables . The plot of this movie held no interest for me , and was extremely disappointing .
 To a stranger who has never been in the world of L.M. Montgomery 's novels , this movie would be systematically constructed , with enough romance and intrigue to satisfy anyone . However , myself , being someone who has read and loved all of L.M. Montgomery 's books since I was young , this movie has been a heartbreak . I had in my heart a perfect mirror of Avonlea and all of Anne Shirley 's doings . Marilla and Rachel Lynde lived in Green Gables while Anne and Gilbert moved to Four Winds . There was no war , no going to New York -LRB- which inflicted a horrible modernish streak to the setting of dear , old Avonlea -RRB- . To add events at the end of Montgomery 's books I could tolerate , but to smash them in the middle does not fit . I was in a state of shock ; my mirror smashed with events that I could never imagine would have existed . A stranger could never see a crack in this mirror , but a kindred spirit can .
 Think about it , the 3rd movie in the series comes along approximately 15 years after the other 2 . In my opinion , Kevin Sullivan saw that the popularity of the first 2 beloved movies was still strong , and decided to capitalize on it . But instead of understanding that the reason people loved the first 2 movies was the simple elegance and innocence of the story telling and setting , he decided to take the `` Hollywood '' route , and make a war & violence tale . I guess following the stories in the book series -LRB- Anne & Gilbert get married , settle down , have a bunch of kids -RRB- was too boring , and did n't have the $ making potential for Mr.Sullivan . It 's a shame , in the quest for the almighty dollar , he let down a lot of fans .
 ... certainly not in this dismal disappointment of a follow-up to the previous 2 films . I have never read the `` Anne '' books but I have fallen in love with the characters as interpreted in `` Anne of Green Gables '' and `` Anne of Avonlea '' . Unfortunately these characters do not appear in this third awful film . Anne has none of the charm , imagination or wit that she had in previous films , and Gil is barely in the film at all . Why in the world would anyone make a continuing story and then leave the main characters stranded in a dull plot , bad dialogue and minimal interaction ? Badly done all around !
 I loved the Anne series and `` Rilla of Ingelside '' was my favourite . This book was BUTCHERED in this movie . Walter -LRB- Anne 's son -RRB- was one of my favourite characters and `` Rilla of Ingelside was really touching . This movie saw Gilbert fight rather than Jem , Shirley and Walter -LRB- All Anne 's sons -RRB- . It was terrible!If the main characters were not called Anne and Gilbert there would be no way to tell this was a sequel of the `` Anne of Green Gables '' movies . It has completely left the Montgomery style and lacks depth . New characters were introduced -LRB- whom never existed in the books -RRB- and Anne was CHANGED . I felt disappointed that the producer chose to completely ignore Montgomery 's ending to the Anne series for a trashy story of WWI . Especially since Montgomery wrote `` Rilla of Ingleside '' soon after the war , hence the book has some historical value . The movie gets historical events wrong.I unfortunatley purchased this movie believing it would be ok but I recommend you save your money because fans of the `` Anne of Green Gables '' series will hate it . If you really want to see it rent it because otherwise you most likely will never watch it again.This is completely different to Montgomery 's writings so if Montgomery is one of your favourite authors you will be disappointed by the way the movie changes events , characters and chronological order.As many others have pointed out in the reviews the relationship between Gilbert and Anne is very disappointing . Also Anne adopts a child and goes looking for Gilbert who is missing during the war ! All these things have abandoned the story Montgomery told of Anne .
 This is the third installment in a series of dramatizations of Lucy Maud Montgomery 's beloved Anne of Green Gables novels . Megan Follows and Jonathon Crombie return in their usual roles . Unfortunately , this third production does not meet the high standards set by the first , faithful installment . In a total of seven Anne novels , Montgomery provided fully enough amusing , sentimental , and unabashedly romantic material for three movies . It was a pity that the second production -LRB- Anne of Green Gables
 I remember watching the Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea movies as a child from start to finish and then immediately rewinding them to start again . This movie is an intirely different story . Not only was it a far cry from the book version , I found it to be incredibly insulting . The anti-American sediment found throughout the movie is something that I took to heart and I belive that Kevin Sullivan did a wonderful job at alienating much of his audience by the thoughtless comments made in this film . I have about as much respect for him now , as he has for half of the people who have supported him by buying his movies . I will never buy another one of his films and unfortunatly , this is a movie that I will never share with my own children .
 3 Days after seeing this `` Movie '' , and I 'm still mad ! How in the world did this happen . This movie has nothing to do with the spirt of Anne of Green Gables . Oh it 's so bad ! So sad that someone could have taken such a sweet gentle story and turned it into this mess ! and sell it to the public as an Anne of Green Gables sequal . GRRRRRRRRR ! Save your money and your time , Run from this one !
 Anyone who was ever read the Anne series is well aware that WWI did n't occur until the final book of the series , Rilla of Ingelside , and that skipping the ten to twenty years between Anne of Avonlea -LRB- upon which the second movie was losely based -RRB- and going straight to war is just ludicrous . That and moving the story to New York . Please !!! Did the writers of this junk ever even both reading the books ?? It 's an insult to Anne fans the world over .
 First I have to say that I am an Anne of Green Gables book fan . I 've read all the books several times . We all know that movies WILL BE different from the book upon which it is based . But this movie is a version of fan fiction . Kevin Sullivan took the AoGG characters and wrote a whole different story from anything L M Montgomery has ever written !! There is no resemblance between this series -LRB- movie -RRB- and the sweet flavor of the first two AoGG series -LRB- movies -RRB- he produced . If you are not a book fan you may enjoy this movie ... if not , do n't waste your money and read the books again instead .
 I was so shocked as I watched Anne of Green Gables - The Continuing Story , This is not Anne and Gilbert 's Story.We had waited so long , and were over the moon when we hear that Part 3 was on its way.To be honesty , Mr Sullivan you should NOT have bothered and got our hopes up so . Rilla , s story yes , difference characters a whole new story great , but this was not Anne of Green Gables . It is so out of sync.Buying it was a waste of money , watching it a waste of time for LMM lovers and any one who loved and cherished the First two parts . If you just HAVE to watch it borrow it from the Library .
 It 's been several years since I watched this movie on PBS for the first time . I ca n't tell you how excited I was to hear that the final part of the AGG Trilogy was finally here ! I even convinced my husband to watch as he knew how much I loved the first two movies . Til this day , I still cringe at the memory of that first viewing . WHAT A TERRIBLE MOVIE !!! For some strange reason , Kevin Sulliven chose to completely abandon the books and concocted this cheap melodrama that has the most random and ridiculous story line . How completely tragic . My husband was also in complete disbelief at how bad this final movie was ; he felt very sorry for me .
 I have LOVED Anne of Avonlea , and LMM 's other works . They are set in a very idealistically peaceful and simple setting , with simple adventures . And the simpleness and peacefulness of the stories are one of the most aluring attributes to the story . But this movie was none of that . It completely mangled LMM 's work into a masculinized , bloody , explosion filled adrenaline pumping , conspiracy theory guy 's movie , completely destroying the sole of the characters and the real heart in the Anne stories . It does n't fit with the rest of the series at all .
 I ordered the 3rd DVD and I got the 1st . So I was n't too happy
 `` Rilla '' is the 8th `` Anne '' book , and beautifully tells the story of Gilbert & Anne 's family during World War I . It is extremely well written and covers this era of history in a compelling way . It may be the best book of the series , as it brings the beloved Anne into the `` real world '' yet remains true to her character . Again , skip the movie ... but read this glorious book .
 Unfortunately I saw this movie on the shelf and just grabbed it up , thinking it would be just as heartwarming as the other two . WRONG ! The acting is terrible and the story is depressing . Not recomended at all !
 When I heard this 3rd installment of the Anne of green gables series was coming out , i was so excited . I fully expected the spirit of the first two movies to be carried on in the 3rd movie . I was sorely disappointed.Let me say that I did read the book series first . The first movie , of course , was as excellent portrayal of the frist book . Even though the 2nd movie was a departure in many ways from the storyline of the 2nd , 3rd and 4th books , the spirit and character of Anne and Gilbert were portrayed very well , and I enjoyed that story as much as the books . However , not only did the 3rd movie not even take a shred of plotline from the books , but Anne and Gilbert , as portrayed by the Actors and the script , were no longer Anne and Gilbert to me , but two entirely different people . In the books , Anne retains her imaginative spirit , even when her family experiences war and hardship . Here she becomes someone else entirely . As mentioned by others , the movie should have been set when Anne and GIlbert were married , and had children . There were 3 books about her children , certainly enough for a good movie.Don ' t bother watching this one . Do n't even rent it . Just hope they might scrap this one and redo it right -LRB- or re read the books -RRB-
 As a movie in and of itself , I thought this was passable , but I ca n't understand why it was made when it had absolutely nothing to do with the books . The first two movies at least stayed true to the feel of the books , even when because of time , and trying to condense things , many events were changed and condensed into one . I guess I just dont ' see the sense in making a movie with these characters just for the heck of it . Even the timeline was WAY off . Anne and Gilbert 's children were grown during WW1 , they were involved , not the parents . If they wanted a war movie , they should have used the delightful characters of Anne 's children . This also would have been more concinvcing , with Megan Follows as a fourty something mother , than a twenty something girl .
 For those who fell in love with the first two installments of `` Anne of Green Gables , '' you need not waste your time on the final . Although it was good to see the main characters , Anne and Gilbert , marry , the Continuing Story is so far removed from the previous stories that viewers will find it difficult to connect them . The richness and wonder found in the first two films are totally absent in the final . After watching Continuing Story , I immediately threw it in the trash , then watched the first two again , and `` pretended '' the third did n't exist .
 This was a major disappointment . I loved the first and second of the Anne series , but this one does not have the same feel or charm that made Anne 1 and 2 so loved . Its like its not Kevin Sullivan making this . Its far to artsy and revolves around the war rather than the characters and green gables . They hardly even show green gables and it even gets burned down . -LRB- How could they do that ! -RRB- . I wish I 'd never watched this , as its ruined the way I imagined Anne and the others to have lived , happily ever after is what I expected .
 I grew up reading all 8 books in the Anne series so I was hopeful that this one would follow the books kinda like the Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea did . First of all they fast fore-ward the time like 20 years and then the charachters do n't stay true to who they are in the books . Anne seem to consider infidelity !!! This movie is a major let-down . In the books Anne has 7 kids with Gilbert -LRB- only 6 live -RRB- and her life continues as she sends her sons off to war-she is too old to go herself !!! Anyhow , I wish they would have followed the books .
 This film completely lacks the magic of the other Green Gables films.Got to be missed !
 Luckily I did n't buy this movie because I saw the miniseries on TV . The main thing I did n't like about the second movie , Anne of Avonlea , was the how Sullivan Entertainment insisted on changing the story from what actually happened in the books . I do n't see why since the books were much more exciting then what they added in . Anyway , this movie is not based on any of the books . The only thing that comes from an L.M. Montgomery book is the characters ' names . I think Sullivan Entertainment just wanted to make a movie about WWI and figured Anne Shirley would be a good selling point.One problem started in the original movie , Anne of Green Gables , which was that it was set several years after the books . In the books Anne and Gilbert are married right after Gilbert finishes college , they never go anywhere near the United States , or leave the island for that matter , and their children are the ones that go off to fight in the war.I 'm very disappointed in Sullivan Entertainment for using the love people have for these books to con them into buying a worthless movie.Honestly , even if you have never read the books I do n't believe you would like this movie . The characters do n't even have the same type of personalities they had in the previous movies and the entire thing is very poorly done .
 When I heard that another `` Anne '' movie was coming out , I was so completely ecstatic about the whole thing ! I own both Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea and they are very dear to my heart . However , upon seeing the new sequel I was appalled at the Hollywood antics of Mr. Kevin Sullivan . Not only is our dear Anne a complete flake -- and HORRIBLE flirt -- she is portrayed as a weak screeching girl , not much more mature than the previous movies left her.I wo n't go into the details of the WORST plot I 've ever encountered in my life -LRB- full of dreadful holes and soap opera-like turns -RRB- , but if you are an Anne fan , I BEG of you not to watch this . It has the same Anne , Gilbert , and Diana to be sure , but it portrays them all dreadfully , and it is 3 hours of nonsensical war epic and sappy romance . It certainly has none of the spirit that was in the last two movies.The Continuing Story is a BITTER DISAPPOINTMENT . -LRB- I felt much like Anne when she found her story `` tatooed with a baking powder advertisement '' ! -RRB- Cheap , disgraceful to Mrs. L.M. Montgomery , and an absolute flop !
 This is the kind of adaptation that I really ca n't stand - Kevin Sullivan simply borrowed beloved , developed characters and then wrote his own story about them . I can only assume he knew calling her Anne Shirley would help this slanted , outlandish story sell . None of the characters in this movie share anything with Montgomery 's characters except for their names.Montgomery left a legacy for Anne , not to mention a mountain of other works , so to create an Anne like this is not only a complete departure from the character her creator wanted her to be , it is a departure from any political or cultural view Montgomery had.Sullivan might be a good story teller , but in order to find out , he needs to create his own characters and not steal ones created by someone else .
 I 'm an avid fan of the Anne of Green Gables . I love the books , and I loved the first two movies.This just happened to be on PBS one night , and I proceeded to watch it , and become so disgusted that I had to re-read all of the Anne series -LRB- starting with Rilla of Ingleside -RRB- , to wash away the memory.While this movie contains characters named Anne and Gilbert -LRB- and even Diana -RRB- - it has NOTHING to do with the Anne of Green Gables series . It does n't follow any of the stories from the series , and the characters do n't even act like themselves.Not only was this disappointing and upsetting , but that the director who did such a good job on the first two movies could make the mess that this movie is , is quite bewildering .
 Some choose gangrene , some a shot in the heart , and yet others get their arms amputated , but for the real pain experience , just insert `` Anne of Green Gables - the continuing story '' into your VCR for a experience that will guarantee an infliction of lasting pain that will far outlive just those three hours of torture . It will brand lasting and scarring memories of the beloved red-head dreamer , and leave you with a relativistic and dissullusioned Anne.You know something is wrong when Diane emerges at the beginning of the plot
 As a huge Lucy Maud Montgomery/Anne of Green Gables fan , I truly enjoyed the first two Megan Follows Anne of Green Gables movies . The first movie stuck mostly to the book and was really wonderful . The second movie was a combination of several of the subsequent Anne books , and sticks less to the original stories but none the less is an enjoyable view and true to the books in most majorly important areas . The third movie was a bit of a disaster with plot , setting , and events totally fabricated and not at all from the books . YIKES ! DO NOT READ ON IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO KNOW INFO ON THE ANNE OF GREEN GABLES BOOKS BEFORE FINISHING READING THEM YOURSELF . -LRB- Though I highly recommend reading all the books in the series before watching any movie versions . -RRB- In reality , Anne does not go on to do anything exceptional by the world 's standards . Montgomery chooses NOT to have her go on to become a great author . Instead she becomes a loving wife and mommy and her adventures continue to be Anne-like and focus on meeting new people and winning them over with her unaltered charm . She enjoys some occasional match-making . She and Gilbert eventually have a rather large brood of children and are happy and content in the normal everydayness of life . The stories are really very sweet and satisfying but not exactly the greatest movie material . The last two novels -LRB- Rainbow Valley and Rilla of Ingleside -RRB- focus almost exclusively on the lives and times of her children . However , this third Megan Follows movie has Anne embarking on an adventure in wartime Europe in search of Gilbert who left for Europe shortly after their wedding . Anne meets up with Diana 's husband , Fred , who has been wounded and joins Anne in her quest to find Gilbert . At one point , Fred subtly suggests that they give up the search for Gilbert and just become a family themselves . Okay ... ICK ! It ends with Gilbert and Anne adopting a war baby who had been under Anne 's charge while she was searching for her missing husband in Europe . They hand over Green Gables to Diana and her emotionally-wrecked husband and plan to settle elsewhere and raise the little boy as their own . Someone behind this movie has a very active imagination . It is almost all completely made up . The final book , Rilla of Ingleside , does take place during wartime , but Anne 's sons , not her husband , go off to war . Her teenage daughter , Rilla , does help to raise an infant whose mother dies and whose father is away at war . However , this does not result in any adoption as the baby 's father eventually returns to claim him . If you do n't mind its almost total departure from anything having to do with the books , I guess this film can be entertaining . I just think it is such a shame that many people fall in love with Anne after reading Anne of Green Gables but never read the rest of the books in the series . Then they watch the Megan Follows movies and are walking around this earth thinking that her story ends with a wartime adventure for Gilbert and Anne who then settle down to raise their adopted son ! It 's sad , really . The only way I would recommend someone to see this film is if they ca n't get enough of Megan Follows and Jonathan Crombie and can not rest until they see them get married on the screen , even if they event itself , and more significantly , the events that follow , are remarkably different from L.M. Montgomery 's books . Do read all 8 Anne books and do see the first 2 Megan Follows movies . I think you will find that they are worth your time and money !
 In response to the review below , about Anne being a `` true adventure ? '' Obviously , certain people think it beneath them to actually READ the books ? Because the stars they WERE still able to obtain for this Anne movie would have been the ONLY ones necessary to continue the Anne story like it should have been . Naturally the author of the book has been long dead , she died even before the first movie was made , but this film was made by the same people that the other two were , and he screwed up pure and simple . The fact is , if you 're going to make a movie that claims to be based on a classic tale , YOU STICK WITH THAT STORY ! This movie could easily have been sold under a different title , without pretense towards following a well-known and beloved story . ANYONE who has read and loved the books would HATE this movie , and since those are the people who are going to jump to watch it first , those are the ones you need to please.Even WITHOUT the Anne setting , however , the story was weak , repetitive , and BORING ! There was nothing exciting about it whatsoever . It was too dull to involve any real emotion , and the entire thing felt contrived . This movie would be awful even if Anne had nothing to do with it . But trying to insert a common story into THIS film 's storyline makes it worse than it ordinarly would have been .
 If you have not yet seen this movie , I would recommend that you rent or borrow it before you decide to purchase it . Hoping this new sequel would pick up where the movie `` Anne of Avolea '' left off , I was disappointed to watch and discover that the movie does n't even show Anne and Gilbert together that often . The wedding that `` Anne '' fans have been waiting for was brief and rushed , lasting about two minutes of this three hour movie . After the wedding , the next scene the viewer sees is Gilbert going off to war . Honestly , I think my husband would like this movie more than I do given all of the war scenes . Though I enjoyed seeing the old cast reunited , I did n't feel that this movie was very true to the characters from the previous movies , and certainly not from the books . I plan to sit down and watch `` Anne of Green Gables '' and `` Anne of Avonlea '' all over again so that I may recapture the sweet romantic sentiment that this movie lacked .
 I am a real fan of Anne of Green Gables and all of LMM 's works , so like many others I was looking forward to seeing this movie . I knew they departed from LMM 's books , but I was shocked to find out how much . The story is loosely based on the last book in the Anne series , `` Rilla of Ingleside '' , about Anne 's youngest daughter during the First World War . Being the only North American woman 's written account of the war , it is a very famous book , and although fiction , has historical value . In the book Anne & Gibert are middle-aged and the book centers around their young adult children , but the movie has Anne searching for Gilbert on the battle lines ! Of course Anne has a flirtation along the way even though she and Gilbert are married . What were LMM 's descendants thinking when they allowed this movie to be made !? The first two movies are splendid and are true to LMM 's characters in ways that the third movie is not . Although poetic license was used , especially in the 1st sequel , they went a bit further in this second sequel . Anne did n't seem like Anne . Gilbert and Diana were so thin they were almost unrecognizable . How different was Megan Follows as Anne ? One of my friends commented to me that she had seen the movie and actually was under the impression that the actor who played Anne was not Megan Follows !! I think the most unforgiveable thing to me is how they portrayed Anne & Gilbert 's wedding , which was so beautiful in the book `` Anne 's House of Dreams '' ! My hope is that if Sullivan productions tackles such a project again that they present `` Anne 's House of Dreams '' , a wonderful story , and stick to the words that made LMM famous ! Hopefully it is possible to re-do Anne & Gilbert 's wedding !
 Heartbreaking!I grew up reading the Anne books and watching the first two movies when they premiered on the Disney channel . I was hooked ! I have had the first two movies -LRB- Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea -RRB- these many years and have loved them to near disintegration . I was delighted then to learn that some of my most treasured childhood friends had come back to the big screen in a new adventure.Well , it certainly was new . Though the first two were not identical to the books , they were faithful to the spirit of the story and dialogue . Where this stilted , era-jumping mockery of L.M. Montgomery 's story came from , I 'll never know . I watched one time through , hoping it would get better . Many months later I decided to try it again and I turned it off after 10 minutes . I had to re-watch both of the previous movies to make myself feel better.This movie took the cheesiest aspects of the characters , turned up the volume on them , and removed all of the wonder of P.E.I. so beautifully harnessed in the previous movies , plus took us to Europe and NYC ?! Josie Pie morphs from a bratty gossip-monger to a militant war-monger , and Anne a near adulteress . These are not the characters I loved -LRB- and loved to hate -RRB- . The scenes showing the ruin that Green Gables had become were as heartbreaking as seeing my grandmother 's house after Hurricane Hugo.Perhaps this project was an attempt to make Anne a little more edgy , but unfortunately , the whole appeal of the previous movies and indeed of the books was that they were not edgy . They were sketches of ordinary life with extraordinary characters.There was nothing extraordinary about this movie , except how extraordinarily disappointed I was .
 I fell in love with the Anne of Green Gables series when someone loaned us the first movie . I immediately went out and bought the books and found the 2nd movie that Sullivan made . The first two movies were outstanding and did an excellent job of telling Montgomery 's story of Anne.Like many other fans of Anne , I anxiously awaited the third movie , hoping to see the marriage of Anne and Gilbert and the beginning of their married life and the starting of their family . There is wonderful drama in the books of this period of their lives . I thought , too , that a final movie would be very successful if it dealt with the wartime drama situated around Anne & Gilbert 's oldest daughter , Rilla.What Sullivan presented , however , after two wonderful movies , was not only a desecration of Montgomery 's writings , but also just a bad movie . If you have recently discovered Anne of Green Gables and love these tremendous stories , I strongly recommend that you buy the first two movies . By staying close to the text , Sullivan managed to deliver two incredible movies , and Meegan Follows is simply incredible.Based upon Sullivan 's commentary 's in the movies , however , we should consider ourselves lucky he got these movies right , because he really does n't seem to `` get '' what makes Montgomery 's stories so wonderful . This is even more apparent with the 3rd movie , which I can only guess Sullivan put out there to try and make some extra money . First of all , it has nothing to do with Montgomery 's actual stories . Sullivan should have kept to directing and left story telling to Montgomery . Second , the movie is just bad . It was a couple of hours that , unfortunately , I 'll never get back again.As other reviewers have commented , I own the first two movies and love to watch them with my family . They are * perfect * family movies with incredible stories and superb acting . The last movie should n't even be considered part of the story . It 's bad . Do n't waste any money on it .
 What a waste . The romantic and dreamy , humourous and impetuous Anne is gone , leaving behind a woman twice as old and unforgivably dull , along with her long-suffering love Gilbert - the both of them barely recognisable , as they have altered so much both in appearance and in nature , since the first two productions.The feel of the Anne films , which were captured by the idealistic and diverse characters , the sweeping views and nostalgic settings , the musical score , the laughter and tears , in short the magic , is totally lacking in this third production.Why did n't the creaters of this episode set the story in the context of L.M. Montgomery 's ` Rilla of Ingleside ' , making Anne and Gil the parents of children who are caught up in the conflict of WWI ? This would have been infinately more believable considering Anne and Gilbert 's respective age and appearance , and could have set out to capture the hopes and fears , loves and tragedies of the times . As is stands the story line is fantastical and devoid of interest.It is ridiculous to ask viewers to believe that it has been a mere matter of a few years since Anne and Gilbert were betrothed . Futher absurdity is found in the idea of Anne and Gilbert , still unmarried , going away together and getting jobs in New York . Then we are to beleive that Anne leaves Avonlea on an intrepid journey to find Gil in war-torn Europe.Add to this Diana 's transformation from a loving down-home family-and-friends woman to a affluent , materialistic , stuck-up tyrannical wife and mother . Then add a Green Gables that has by some mystery in a brief space of years been allowed to decay into a complete ruin.Dreadful . I was so keen to see this film , as I 'm an avid fan of both the Anne films and books . Afterward , I wish I would n't have seen it at all . What on earth were they thinking ?
 In the previous installment of Kevin Sullivan series of `` Anne '' movies , Gilbert Blythe convinces Anne Shirley that if she wants to write a book that might actually get published , she should stop writing the `` high-faluting mumbo-jumbo '' stories that she had attempted for years , and write simple stories about the life and people she already knew -- people like Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert and Rachel Lynde . Anne finally came to realize that Gilbert was right . Oddly , Kevin Sullivan thought Gilbert was wrong . The result was one of the most horridly depressing movies I have ever endured
 I fell in love with the `` Anne of Green Gables '' movies when I was a little girl because of they were such lovely interpretations of the L.M. Montgomery books . Meagan Follows IS Anne Shirley . When I found out that a third installment of the series was coming out , I could not wait . However , what I received left a very bad taste in my mouth . `` Anne of Green Gables - The Continuing Story '' was horrible ! The story was terrible and did not live up to the previous installments that drew you in to the story . With this film , I really did n't care about the characters the way I had in the past . The only thing I did care about was the fact that Anne and Gil were FINALLY together , but was still disappointed by their rushed wedding - something I had been waiting for for a very long time . I do n't think that we , as fans , had the opportunity to really enjoy their wedding the way we had always imagined we would . I also hated the fact that the character of Jack and his son , in a way , came between Anne and Gil . Sometimes I felt like Anne was cheating on Gil with her interactions with Jack . I wanted to see Anne and Gil have their own children and raise them in the wonderfully heartwarming way they were raised , not with all of the melodrama of WWI.I truly wish that a better ending to an extraodinary series could have been made , but I guess I 'll make do with the first two movies . I ca n't say enough great things about those films!The only reason I am giving this film one star - I would like to give it zero - is because some of the original cast is back . It was great to see Anne , Gil , and Dianna once again!If you are a fan of `` Anne of Green Gables '' and `` Anne of Avonlea '' -LRB- aka `` Anne of Green Gables - The Sequel '' -RRB- , do n't bother purchasing this last installment . Although I 'm sure you will want to see what happened to all of your favorite characters , your hopes will certainly be dashed and disappointed by a poor story and poor dialogue .
 This is the only movie in a trilogy that I have ever seen and then wished I had not . As a great fan of the Anne of Green Gables movies , and of Anne & Gilbert in particular , I was expecting more of the same heartwarming and genuine storytelling that I had come to love in the first 2 Sullivan films . However , dredging through 3 hours of this movie was more of a laborious affair than anything even close to enjoyable . Pity that Anne fans should be left with this sorry installment of a movie . To those of you who have not seen the movie yet - if you do n't want to end your memories of the Anne series on a disappointed , heartbroken note , I would like to recommend not bothering to invest the time and toil that this movie entails . Incidentally , the warm cover on the videos/DVD is a gross misrepresentation of the actual tone of the movie .
 I am like you at this very moment , you do n't want to believe the reviews you are reading ... but they are TRUE!I read all the reviews here before I purchased `` Anne of Green Gables-The Continuing Story '' . I did n't want to believe what I read , because this is Anne of Green Gables , the last two videos were GREAT , why would n't this one be too ? IT IS NOT WORTH IT ! , please trust me on this.The beginning part of the movie is really nice to watch ... then the war begins , Gilbert leaves and Anne leaves to go find Gilbert . And I am waiting and waiting for Anne to come back to Avonlea , but that never happens . The rest of movie is nothing but WAR WAR WAR . My wish finally comes true , Anne and Gilbert both comes back to Avonlea , but it is the last 10 minutes of the movie . THE END.Please , please do not waste your money . Just watch Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea over and over because those are the only two classics .
 It is a sad thing to watch characters that , in the past , have been vibrant , compelling and wonderfully 3-dimensional become flat and cliched vestiges of what they once were . As I viewed this mini-series there were several times that I audibly lamented `` What have they done ? `` Well , diverting 180 degrees from the source material -LRB- the anne of green gables series -RRB- does n't help much . In the unforunate passing of Colleen Dewhurst -LRB- Marilla Cuthbert -RRB- the anchor of the previous two films , the producers decided to take the story into the own hands . While the premise of placing Anne and Gilbert in the midst of WWI had potential , the actual application of plots as grandiose as espinoage and intrigue leave a lot to be desired . The whole thrust of the story is haphazzard and sloppy with multiple scenes and characters very loosely tied together . It 's as if the writers tried too cram to much in too little time . The stilted dialogue prevalent throughout the films entirety does n't help the situation much either.Perhaps the biggest criticism of this production is that it does n't feel like an Anne of Green Gables story . The authenticity , charm and spiritedness that was so abundant in the previous two editions is no where to be found here . Instead , we are left with a story that obviously written from a cultural mentality that is decidedly modern as evidenced in the adulterous undertones in Anne 's relationships with Fred Wright and Jack Garrison.The performances by Megan Fellows -LRB- Anne Shirley/Blythe -RRB- and Jonathan Crombie -LRB- Gilbert Blythe -RRB- can hardly be faulted for the poor material that they are working with . One gets the sense that the actors inherently know the characters that they inhabit and are working hard to stay true to them despite the 180 degree turn of the sensibilites of the film series.As I left this movie I felt that I was far more satisfied leaving this series with ending presented in Anne of Avolea with a future that was n't defined but one that you looked forward to seeing more of ... and leaving that task to the books and the imagination .
 Not even Megan Followes could carry this off . It totally departs from the story and the heart of the originals . I could n't even finish it because it was so bad . There was still plenty of material the writers could have drawn from , so I have no idea why they just made stuff up rather than draw from L. M. Montgomery 's work . It was banal , boring , and for someone who really loves Anne , a travesty.Only get this movie if you know nothing about Anne of Green Gables or L. M. Montgomery . Other than the fact that the characters are named Gilbert Blythe and Anne Shirley and that they occasionally and briefly visit a place called Avonlea , you would never recognize this movie as having anything to do with the originals . That is because it does n't .
 I eagerly looked forward to viewing `` The Continuing Story , '' but ended up hugely disappointed . Kevin Sullivan did not follow the continuing story of Anne and Gilbert as written by L.M. Montgomery . Instead he came from left field with a thin plot he devised and actually thought we would fall for it . Skip this film and read the books instead . You will find them far more satisfying .
 I have been reading the reviews and I am glad to know that I am not the only Anne fan who did n't like The Continuing Story ! The books are magnificent and the Canadian mini-series Anne of Green Gables and Anne Of Green Gables The Sequel -LRB- Anne of Avonlea -RRB- were really good and Megan Follows and Jonathan Crombie were great as Anne and Gilbert but when I sat down to watch The Continuing Story I was very , very , very disappointed with this boring clunker of a movie ! I really agree with the reviewer who said she felt like the director threw out the books and came up with some action and adventure war movie ! Gone is the charm , the wit and sophistication of the books and the previous entries in this movie trilogy and I ca n't recommend this disappointing movie to anyone ! Also what was with them trying to make that this movie only took place a short time after Anne of Avonlea when it 's so obvious that the actors have aged a lot since that time , especially Megan Follows .
 Wow . This movie was awful . I did n't read the books , but on its own , the movie is still incredibly sad . The dialogue is weak , the plot completely ridiculous , and even the acting was pretty atrocious -LRB- apparently all Megan Follows can do is hold people 's faces in her hands in every scene . -RRB- Plus , Anne and Gilbert look to be about 35 . Avoid seeing this movie - it is a waste of three hours of your life , and it does n't actually in any way continue the story of Anne or Gilbert or anyone else . It is a shoddy attempt at making some kind of dramatic war movie , which Kevin Sullivan clearly is n't cut out to do . I enjoyed immensely his first two Anne films as well as his Avonlea series - he should stick to what he does well , because this is just plain embarassing .
 It 's so refreshing to see that there are other people who agree with me that this movie is committing a sacrilege ! I have a friend who thinks it 's wonderful and when she told me that they go to NYC -LRB- I 've never had any desire whatsoever to watch this trash -RRB- I about died ! How could Hollywood do such a thing to our beloved Anne !!! Just thinking about it makes me angry ! It 's completely rewriting Anne 's life and I do n't think LMM would have been too happy to see how they tore up all that she wrote .
 A crime against the `` Anne ' series and an insult to the talent of Lucy Maude Montgomery!This movie has nothing to do with the Anne stories ! Waste of time , film & talent :-LRB- SO SAD .
 I grew up watching Anne of Green Gables ever since my mom recorded it on our VCR when it first aired on TV . I know it like the back of my hand and I always have enjoyed going back to it over the years . Those of you who identify with me , STAY AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE!First of all , yeah it 's nice that they got the same actors to play Anne and Gil , but you feel so horrid seeing them literally 20 years older than when we last saw them , even though it 's only supposed to be 5 years since they got engaged , so it 's really hard to buy . You FEEL like they 've had a 20 year engagement , and it feels sad . I got all nostalgic seeing Green Gables again , but then they have to go ruin it again with showing it inhabited by trash people and run down and neglected . No , no , no!I did n't feel a connection with Anne 's character , either . I saw nothing of the girl that I knew . The things that she does does n't feel or sound like what Anne would do . She seems kind of ... glum.This movie is an empty husk of former brilliance , and I say shame on Sullivan for trampling over our memories of Anne.I literally had to watch both Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea to wash this out of my mind .
 Did you absolutely LOVE the Kevin Sullivan/Megan Follows/Colleen Dewhurst/Richard Farnsworth productions ofAnne of Green GablesandAnne of Green Gables - The Sequel ? Me too . Loved 'em . LOOOOOOOOVED 'em . There is maybe not a Canadian production as beloved.The first two mini-series are a touchstone of popular culture . We felt like we were in Anne 's family , and we were thrilled with each of her triumphs and crushed with each of her disappointments.We also lovedRoad to Avonlea Season 1 , the series that spun off from that production company.When we heard that a third `` Anne '' was being produced we anticipated with glee . Who WOULD N'T want to find out about Anne and Gilbert and Diana Barry?I saw a few negative reviews about this , the third Anne film , and I hesitated , but only a moment , because I wanted so badly to reunite with these beloved characters.Thirty minutes into the movie I was confused and discombobulated and bored . An hour after that I literally felt nauseated.I do n't know if it is worse that this film is not true to the characters or spirit of the first two Sullivan productions or whether it is worse that Sullivan tossed out the entire Lucy Maud Montgomery Anne canon and made up a storyline that is so far beneath all that came before ... again , all I can say is I literally felt ill.If you must ... watch this one too . But you 've been warned .
 I was so happy when I borrowed this movie from our local library . Now I 'm only happy that I borrowed it instead of purchasing it . The books were , basically , thrown out when this movie was made . I was so disappointed . I will not watch this sequel again . If you really liked the first two movies , I would not bother to watch the 3rd . It left me feeling sick to my stomach at such a gross departure from the books and story line .
 The first two are wonderful but do n't waste your time or money on the Continuing Story . It is awful , is n't even similar to the books and she does very un-Anne like things . Not worth it at all and very disappointing !
 Besides the obvious disgrace of the plot and character assassination , I was surprised that not many people mentioned the actual jump in time . The first novel is placed in 1878 . How could Anne and Gilbert be in their 20s by 1914 ? That would be 36 years after Anne came to Green Gables , which would make her in her late 40s by the time the war begins . Does that mean they had a 20 year engagement ? How does that make any sense ? I think they could have done so many wonderful things with this story and they wasted the opportunity . What a shame .
 There is nothing -- and I mean truly NOTHING -- in common between the `` Anne books '' and this movie ! It 's quite horrible in every way . I wish I could give it negative stars ! Yes , the second mini-series of this trilogy takes frequent license , but it retains enough episodes and character of the book to be quite enjoyable in it 's own way . THIS little `` thing '' simply keeps a few character names , retains several original actors , and truly and completely makes up a story out of whole cloth . If they were in such an itch to make a WWI `` Anne , '' they could -LRB- and should -RRB- have made ` Rilla . But they made this atrocity instead . If you have ANY respect for the book , please just forget this movie exists . Hideous !
 I liked having some of the old characters come back . But this is a complete departure from the books . If someone is going to take the trouble of making a book based movie , they ought to take the trouble to make it at least SIMILAR to the books ! I suppose war and blood sell over at home adventures . There are so many wonderful things in the other books they could have chosen from to make another movie !
 I knew that the reviews were bad here , but my daughter loved the first two films in this series and wanted the complete set for her collection . Reluctantly , I got it for her , and my expectations - of the worst of the 3 , a terrible film that almost ruins the whole concept - were not disappointed . Indeed , this film is so poorly scripted that I was shocked . The actors are good , but even they could not save this.The plot is ridiculously convoluted and impossible to believe after a time . Anne goes to NYC with Gilbert , but both of them experience terrible career setbacks . Upon return to Avonlea , they set about restoring Green Gables during the patriotic fervor for WWI , as seemingly all of their friends are departing . Gilbert decides he must go too , only to vanish . Anne decides to go and find out what happened to him , setting off a series of adventures that leads to a ring of spies , innumerable ridiculously unbelievable coincidences , all amidst war where the bombs are falling nearby , other people fall for Anne , etc etc. . Not only does it not hold together , but there is virtually no development of interesting characters , not even the writer who betrays her . Some promising characters make appearances , but no depth or flesh is added to the bones of their behavior.Beyond the plot , the spirit of the series is lost here . There was something so urgent , so pressing about Anne 's hopes and efforts , the blooming of her talents for friendship , love , and work - all the great signs of a healthy psychology - that are simply lacking in this film . Even my daughter was laughing at it by the end , I am sorry to say . She is glad to own it as it completes a collection , but I doubt we will want to watch this again.There is some advancement of the plot lines . Anne 's bosom companion is not in a very happy marriage . They do get married and decide to move on . Anne still writes and works . Gilbert is also brilliant and with singular integrity . Finally , WWI is portrayed fairly well . But that is it and it is all so predictable . There is also very little humor or discovery in thisNot recommended . This really falls flat on its face .
 I do n't know if anyone making this film cared to actually read the books before making this movie . In the books it 's Anne and Gilbert 's three sons that go to war , does anybody care that the movies just skipped about thirty years ? And what was up with that Jack guy ? He was n't in the books and he ruins the innocent '' Anne '' feel of the movie , not that there was much of one to begin with . But I have to admit that the movie itself was OK , if you think about it as just a war movie and not an Anne movie .
 the movie was good but it was so far from the book it wasnt funny . anne and gilbert get married just before gilbert goes off to WWI . when he goes missing anne joins the red cross to find him . in the book it is anne 's sons that go to war not them . the movie also portrayed anne 's best friend , diana , marriage to be on the rocks . in the books diana and fred 's marriage was perfectly happy . i also thought that the actors were too old for the ages they were supposed to be . this movie should have been filmed right after the last movie . it would have been better , esp . if they would have stuck to the book .
 Like most other reviewers of this film I thought it was a horrible betrayal of both the books by LMM and their spirit . Like others when I first heard of this third film I had visions of the continuing story of Anne as told in the books by LMM . Imagine my disappointment to find that it was Anne in name only ! I found myself wondering why the producers chose to tell a whole new story rather than continue to adapt the books . The only conclusion I could reach is that they could not bear portraying Anne as a contented wife and living the traditional life of a mother at the turn of the 20th century . It 's true as the books continue Anne herself recedes into the background of the stories , becomes well , an adult , leaving most of her impish ways behind . But LMM then concentrates on the creation of a whole new set of youthful characters , Anne 's children , who also have wonderful childhoods , romances , and grow up to fight in WWI with results that will leave a lump in any reader 's throat . But I 'm afraid that to modern sensibilities , after decades of radical feminism , Anne 's character as it was developed by LMM was far too much of a `` happy homemaker '' for them to take . In short , they had no interest in an adult Anne living as an ordinary married woman at the turn of the twentieth century . Thus , this film where Anne lives as an independently employed professional woman , runs off to NY with Gilbert , the rushed wedding , and dodging shells on the warfront . Truly a dissappointing film all around . But there is still room for proper adaptations of the remaining Anne novels , even if they are made with different actors , and I 'll welcome those if they 're ever made .
 Ok , so we want to be able to see what happens to Anne at the end of the sequel , instead of just reading about her . But why on earth could n't the makers of this film get it closer to the books?The things that Anne and Gilbert end up doing in this film are what their children are supposed to do!So it might cost more money to introduce new characters , but as in the books , you do n't actually see or hear about most of the older characters anyway , so new characters have to be developed.They would n't have had to cover the whole time of the children growing up , but at least put the story and original characters -LRB- Anne and Gilbert -RRB- in the correct historical setting .
 The DVD did not match the title of the cover . Literally the wrong movie was in the `` Anne of Green Gables - The Continuing Story '' sleeve . Pretty much of a let down . Come on Amazon get on your suppliers.Joe
 First off I want to say that I loved the books and I loved the movie Anne Of Green Gables and Anne of Green Gables the Sequel but I absloutely hated Anne of Green Gables the Continuing Story . It was very unfaithful to the books and those two glorious movies and was a a major let down and a major yawner ! This seems more like a gritty war movie that men would like instead of a romance movie that us girls would like . And by the way I have heard and also read that even Megan Follows who played Anne has admitted she disliked this movie and was very disappointed with it so when a star of a bad movie admits that it 's bad then you know that it must be true !
 Why this movie was made I will never know . While somewhat entertaining , this movie had nothing to do with the books and did n't even feel like the two previous movies . While the first Anne movie follows the book very well , and Anne of Avenlea is enough like the books to keep you from being angry , at least it has the `` Anne feel '' . THIS movie , does n't . Unless you are just a huge fan of the cast , or like to fantasize about what might have happened had books 3-8 not been written , then maybe you will be a little entertained . Otherwise , watch the other two movies again and save yourself the dissapointment this movie will bring . For those of you who have never read the books
 I too purchased this CD , the 3rd in the series of Anne of GG . However , the packaging claimed it was the Continueing Story of the married Anne , and the disk is marked the same . However , when played it is the 1st Anne of Green Gables as a young girl being adopted . A very costly mistake on the manufacture 's part . Hope there is still time for a return or exchange!So , I can not honestly review the story or movie , as I have not seen it yet .
 If this were just a movie completely removed from the ties to Anne of Green Gables , it would have been a fairly decent movie , although the plot is somewhat laborious and farfetched.This is NOT the same character that you come to love in the first two movies . The dreadful departure from the books aside , you would not recognize the `` new '' Anne as the free spirited yet innocent girl of the first 2 movies . Where she would have acquired this new sense of `` worldliness '' I ca n't imagine -LRB- there 's not a man in the whole movie whom she does n't touch with more than sisterly affection ; and the anti-war sentiment she displays is insulting to the Anne of the book series -RRB- . But if Kevin Sullivan thought that this would make her more appealing to today 's audiences , he was sorely mistaken . What makes the Anne of Green Gables movies so appealing -LRB- and the books even more so -RRB- , is the timeless beauty , mirth , and innocence that is so lacking from our own society . It resonates with something in the heart of those who `` belong to the race of Joseph '' , which part I THOUGHT Kevin Sullivan ascribed to . Now I wonder .
 I first saw `` Anne of Green Gables '' and `` Anne of Avonlea '' / `` Anne of Green Gables - the Sequel '' as a child in the '80s . I immediately fell in love with the romantic but realistic , warm characters I saw in the films , characters who made me feel at home with them in a special and magical place . Anne was so sweet and smart and fiery - her spirit could never be diminished - I felt an immediate kinship with her . Gilbert was so strong and smart , so romantic and loyal ; his heart never changed . Matthew was the sweetest man I 'd ever seen , hidden behind that shy and somewhat gruff exterior . Diana was the perfect best friend , and Marilla , though tough and strict , still had a touchable heart that was able to learn from and embrace Anne . I was definitely a touch disappointed in `` Anne of Avonlea '' that we did n't get to see enough interplay between Anne and Gilbert , but I got over that . Afterall , the storyline was still enjoyable and it still ended on a good note -LRB- though I sincerely wish that note had been extended to be a full magnificent song -RRB- . I was so incredibly excited when I learned there was going to be a continuation of their story !! Oh my goodness ! I could n't believe it ! They were going to show me the interplay that had been missing in the Sequel ! I was going to see all my beloved kindred spirits from when I was a child ! I could n't wait ! I made my whole family sit in the room -LRB- even my father , who of course had very little interest but was supporting his excited daughter -RRB- . I made refreshments for everyone and did a countdown to the day.I do n't know if I have ever been more disappointed in a movie . The relationships did n't have their warmth . I still did n't get to see the interplay that should have been there between Gilbert and Anne . The wedding that should have been the pinnacle led up to by the first 2 movies was glossed over , almost an afterthought . The storyline was ridiculous . My beloved kindred spirits were painfully absent - their personalities taken over by some Sullivan monstrous creations . Yes , they still shared the same names . Yes , on paper some of the relationships were still the same . Yes , I even admit that there were a couple of moments when hope began to bloom that maybe , just maybe , a few seconds of the old warmth was resurfacing , but it never actually happened . This was NOT a true ANNE OF GREEN GABLES movie !!! That said , it 's been years since that travesty of a first viewing occurred . Nowadays I 've learned to not hate the movie , and sometimes I even want to watch it . But I 've had to make a point of reminding myself that this movie is NOT about our `` Anne girl '' . I am forced to play a mindgame and tell myself that this is just a dream/nightmare that our `` Anne girl '' had one night and not the reality that she actually lived . And by disallowing this from being the true fate of the girl who was my bosom friend in the 80s , I can actually find some enjoyment in what would otherwise only be a true cinematic tragedy.If you have n't seen this movie yet , my advice is that you 're probably better off not seeing it . If you have seen it and are having difficulty getting it out of your head when you 're attempting to watch and enjoy the first 2 movies , my advice is to try the same mindgame I 've been forced into `` This is not real . These are not really Anne , Gilbert , Diana ... They are figments from a nightmare Anne had one night and they will go away in a few hours and then she will be back to the real her and the real Gilbert and the real Diana and the real Avonlea ... ''
 I am also a guy who loved the first two movies . It was a real treat watching these masterpieces with my wife and children . And then this hideous third go round comes along and I have to agree with everyone else . What was Kevin Sullivan thinking ? When David O. Selznick produced Gone With the Wind and Rebecca , he made the BOOKS ! Why ? Because people loved them and wanted to see these stories on film . Both went on to win best picture of the year . So Mr. Sullivan takes Anne out of Avonlea in this third installment and makes her a spy in Europe ????? The endearing Anne in the first two movies is nowhere to be found in this embarrassing mess . She is so serious and not very likeable and the story ????????????? So what if Selznick had taken Scarlett O'Hara and made her a mud wrestler ? Or had the second wife in Rebecca become an opera star ? Ridiculous ? You bet . I rest my case .
 this movie is TOTALLY OFF ! and it skips a huge amount of time . the great world war -LRB- WWI -RRB- does n't take place until Anne 's kids are old enough to fight in tha war and get married . not when she and Gilbert are . so this story has nothing to do with that of ANNE OF GREEN GABLES . if you 've never read teh books , it 's a pretty good story . b ut if you have , do n't bother . i wont even let anyone in my family buy it for me even though they know it will complete my set . do n't bother with it if you are a true L.M. Montgomery fan .
 It 's true that this film has nothing on the first two Anne movies . Not worth purchasing by any means . However , I did borrow a copy of it on DVD from my library and there is a 12-minute clip as a Special Feature of Marilla 's death and various other occurences ; the twins Davy and Dora , Rachel Linde , selling Green Gables . These are from the series ` Road to Avonlea ' entitled `` Old Friends , Old Wounds '' . I have not seen it myeslf , but it seems that this series is more like the first two movies , and truer to the books than this third one ... something I will probably look into to help get over my disappointment in this film!Cheers .
 The first two `` Anne of Green Gables '' movies were terrific . Interesting characters carried you to a nicer place . This movie has more turmoil and disputes , rather than charming predicaments . Did not continue the characters of Green Gables for me.This movie should have been made with new actors , rather than the Green Gables cast , so that fans would not expect the charm of Avonlea to continue ; which it does not here . However , if you have not seen the first two Anne movies , this film may be fine for you , and better than other things on TV today . I do recommend `` Road to Avonlea '' , seasons 1-6 .
 I adore the first two movies . I began watching this movie and was so totally bored and disappointed ... I never finished it . To make this short and sweet ... I do not recommend this movie .
 As a fan of the previous films , I was thrilled to hear that The Sequel was released , and so many of the cast had reprised their roles . While I think that the story is definitely of the LMM type , I did not enjoy it at all . I was particularly bothered by the fact that no detail in the books other than Anne & Gilbert 's marriage was included in the film . I am not a book purist - I have very positive feelings about the previous films which made changes significant changes in the Anne storyline . However , the previous films held true to the overall story , and this one had virtually nothing to do with the Anne books , which is not what I expected . I felt like I was tricked into purchasing the film because of the excellent work that was done on the previous films.Apart from the storyline having nothing to do with the books , as a whole , the film 's story is not particularly engaging . I did enjoy seeing the actors again , and thought that they did they best they could with the material they had . I believe the film 's creators took advantage of the sizeable Anne following , and mislead us with the title . If you want to see what the movie is about , rent it . I would not recommend purchasing it .
 I was a true `` Anne '' fan growing up and loved the first 2 movies , so I was excited to see this one come out . It was nice to see the old characters , and even Mrs. Lynde makes a welcome appearance , but overall I was disappointed with how much liberty was taken with the story . I much prefer it all as LM Montgomery wrote in the books and maybe being so familiar with the books was what spoiled the movie for me . I would have to say that the movie did not have a cohesive storyline , provided too many unanswered questions and unbelievable coincidences , and the character of Anne had sadly lost her magic and her spunk . Megan Follows and the rest of the cast tried , but they just had nothing to work with .
 I waited almost a year from the first preview of this movie to when it was actually shown on CBC . I was SO excited at first but then as it seemed to be delayed for so long I became concerned that it was not going to live up to my expectations . It turned out to be even worse than I could possibly have imagined . I ca n't begin to say enough bad things about it ; Anne drinking ? Anne swearing ? Anne flirting with adultery ? Any one even remotely involved in the making of this travesty should be ashamed of themselves . As the credits rolled when it finally ended I only wished that I could wake up and find that it had all been some horrible dream and I still had a chance to make it the way it should have been made .
 This movie was so disappointing I threw it in the trash . It is not even worthy of passing on to someone else .
 Well , I finally watched this and I just ca n't figure out how the writers went so far away from the plot of the books . I would have much preferred for them to have continued the story the way it was meant to be instead of making up something completely new .
 I absolutely loved the first two Anne movies , and was thrilled to hear about a third being made . I missed its airing on TV , but found it here on Amazon . I 'm not sorry I bought it , but let 's just say it 's ... well ... pretty sub-par . The whole thing has a very slapped-together feel , and even though the film is 3 hrs. , the pacing is WAY too fast considering that they 're throwing you into the events of WWI . I had no idea where anything was , who anybody was or why they were doing what they were doing ... and what 's worse is that I did n't care . It 's a shame because the premise is a good one ... and they have the strength of the returning actors . I still recommend this to anyone who 's a big fan of the films ... just seeing Anne and Gilbert together was worth the money for me . But it does n't hold a candle to the other two movies .
 I can not think of a worse idea than to ask an actess to come back and play an old character when she is quite clearly 20 years too old to pull it off !! I was so upset at how much this movie had lost the charm that is Anne of Green Gables I will never watch it again .
 I would rather watch a documentary about the rate that toenails grow in a day observing them for a whole day . It Is Horrible ! Do Not Buy !
 First of all this movie in no way goes by the other books of Anne Shirley . I read every book and the movie goes no where near it ! Second , there really is n't any comforting aspect of this movie except in the end.Thirdly if you 're going to make another movie of Anne please go by the books . Gilbert in no way goes into WWI , it was their son and it was disappointing to see none of their children they were to have in the movie . She has about 6 children . Come on . What happened . I 'm a big Anne Shirley fan but I just could n't take the way they took liberties with the story . Lucy Maud Montgomery would roll in her grave watching this movie !
 This is the most tragical thing that has ever happened to me . As a child and into my twenties Anne has been my favorite character to appear in any movie anywhere -LRB- much to the scoffing of much cooler friends -RRB- ! The movies were the incentive to finish my essays , they eased that boredom of wet Sunday afternoons and they were my christmas movies . I found myself recently living far far away from my home and decided to revive my avid watching habbits to rid myself of homesickness . You can not imagine my elation when I found that there was a third movie -LRB- at the age of 11 I wrote to Keving Sullivan asking him for more - he replied saying it was in the pipelines -RRB- . After watching this movie , a little bit of the romance has died . Anne and Diana have lost their kindred spirit connection . Gil has only a smidgen of charisma and the story is all wrong . How is it that I - a mere English teacher - can think of so many ways that the story and the dream could have been preserved . With Rilla 's story being made insted , for example . Anne , Gil , Diana , Rachel and even Josie Pye could have come back as minor parts -LRB- Fred should have been restored by the same actor or left out completely -RRB- and new talented actors and actresses could have been bought in to create a new dream.In short it is a watchable movie if you have no emotional ties what so ever to the first two movies and the books , but if you are looking for that same feel good romantic atmosphere of the first two movies leave it in the box !!
 This installment is a disaster . If you are a fan of the Anne books , do n't bother - the only reason to watch this is that some of the cast were reunited.There is absolutely nothing in this tale that comes from the Anne books , and one has to wonder why they bothered to make it at all , except perhaps to satisfy a wistful demand for another sequel from the tv audience . The cast have noticeably aged , and this forces the need for some grown-up behavior onto them . This would n't be so bad except that the goings-on really do n't seem to be in character , and the overall tone of the film is anything but lighthearted . Nearly the whole thing takes place during , and focuses on , WWII.The piece begins by establishing loud and clear that after five years , Gil and Anne still have n't managed to get married , and there 's no date in sight . Gil gets a job offer from a hospital in NYC that cares more about its reputation than the good of its patients , and Anne goes with him and gets an editing job at a publishing firm . The firm 's star author is a predictable rogue named Jack Garrison who swipes the manuscript for her latest work , and convinces her to let him co-author it . Fancy the surprise when the book comes in with only his name on it.From here , Anne and Gilbert go back home to find Green Gables fallen into disrepair under the care of a slovenly family , from whom Gilbert buys the place . He wrestles with his conscience about joining the war effort as all of their male friends sign up and leave and hint that Gil is a coward , and he finally does join . He and Anne then have a rushed wedding a few days before he leaves for Europe.The remaining tedious 75 % of this tale has Anne running around France trying to find Gilbert after her letters to him are returned as undeliverable , and on top of this she runs into writer-turned-spy/agent Jack Garrison and is saddled with his illegitimate child when his girlfiend is killed . The only reason we bothered to watch the end of it was to see how much worse it could get . There is one 10-second redeeming scene at the end when Anne wins custody of Jack 's now-orphaned son , whom she has n't seen in a year , and she picks him up at the train station in a scene reminiscent of her own arrival . The kid is a cutie and the scene is a touching return to the style and feel of the books - too bad the creators of this film did n't think it was worth sticking to for the rest of the story .
 I must say that I was disappointed in this third installment of the Anne Of Green Gables movies . I too was hoping for a more romantic wedding for Anne and Gil , but I was VERY dissapointed in the negative light that Americans were portrayed . I believe I counted five references to Americans as being cowards for not joining WWI `` soon '' enough , and if that was ` nt bad enough , there was a reference to Americans `` not having a lot going on upstairs '' in other words , we Americans are not very smart . How insulting . If Kevin Sullivan wants to keep making movies that people will adore for years to come , he might want to consider not insulting `` The Yanks '' that so graciously butter his bread by buying his movies . I ADORE Anne Of Green Gables and Anne Of Avonlea . They are my absolute favorites of all time . I admire Kevin Sullivans ability to make wonderful movies for people of all ages . He 's very gifted . I just wish he had ` nt painted Americans the way he did in the last Anne movie . I bought it , and will probably never watch it again . It 's a shame .
 My husband , our 18-year old granddaughter , and myself just love Ann of Green Gables . We 've seen them all , and never grow tried of watching them . If you 're interested in G-rated movies , then this is a wonderful choice .
 I have greatly enjoyed Anne of Green gables and Anne of Avonlea that I personally bought new VHS tapes for my friends to watch . I was overjoyed to see that a sequel had been made to Anne of Avonlea . I was however , terribly disappointed at how P.E.I. was no longer the main setting in the third movie . How could they have thoughtr of digressing from Montgomery 's story ? I think it was such an injustice !!!
 If you love the first two movies , regardless of the books , you will be disappointed with this third movie . The problem lies not in the fact that the movie deviates from the book , but that the creators of this third film totally misunderstand why women love the film `` Anne of Green Gables . '' The character of Anne in this third video is completely different from her character in the other two videos . Yes , Anne is one to find mischief and get herself into trouble , but I am not convinced that she would have acted in the way this third movie suggests . Also , her character lacked charm and the ability to find kindred spirits with everyone around her.Another problem with this movie lies in the timing and flow of the movie . The creators of this third film tried to fit to much into too little time , thus creating large gaps and not enough substance in certain areas . Certain scenes are rushed through , and there is not enough character development.I found the overall quality of the filming and the sets to be lacking . I must give the actors credit for their performance with such a limiting script , but this is not a movie I care to ever watch again .
 Very disapointing sequel not up to the same quality as the first two . Tried to turn it into an action adventure . Anne is no longer cute , charming , and talkative but haggard , dull and quiet . The entire movie was depressing and unrealistic . I wish I never saw it ; it spoiled my memory of the first two .
 Having enjoyed the first two installments of the Anne saga , I was deeply disappointed with `` The Continuing Story . `` I expected to be re-introduced to the characters that I came to love . I expected to feel the same warmth and delight unique to the first two Kevin Sullivan films . Instead I found next to nothing reminiscent of Anne of Green Gables or Anne of Avonlea . The story was moved from Prince Edward Island and relocated to war-riddled Europe in the midst of calamity and conflict . Gilbert is sent to war and ends up missing in action . Anne spends 90 % of the movie searching for him amidst bombings , wounded soldiers , orphaned children , and every other depressing scenario peculiar to a war zone . This is too big of a departure from the series and from the sequel long expected by Anne of Green Gables fans . If Sullivan had wanted to make a war film , he should have done that , however , absent the Green Gables franchise.I expected first of all that the setting would remain in Canada ... Prince Edward Island , Halifax , etc. . Secondly , although I , quite naturally , expected Anne to have matured , I thought I 'd still see the same irrepressible , colorful Anne that made her such a delightful character . Instead she wanders through Europe on a search for Gilbert ; and set against the gray and melancholy backdrop of war , there 's no opportunity for her to be the quaint and eloquent Anne we came to know and love.Sullivan 's first two Anne films were perfect `` feel good '' family movies , but he strayed too far from a flawless formula with this one . This movie was depressing , long , and cumbersome . Since the essential elements in this film are so far removed from the first two Anne adventures , it , therefore , can not be considered a sequel or a continuing story . Nevertheless , in the end Sullivan takes us back to Avonlea , and we find that Green Gables is in ruins ; and although there 's some semblance of Anne 's former home , we do n't feel that we 've returned to Green Gables.This movie lacks the warmth , the imagination , the beautiful scenery , the amusing dialogue , and the uniqueness of the characters that Lucy Maud Montgomery created .
 I stayed up until 1:15 am last night to watch this ! WHAT a disappointment ! The persnickety , feisty , silver-tongued Anne Shirley somehow morphed into a dull , drab `` superwoman '' wannabe in this movie . Anne goes looking for Gilbert overseas during WW1 dodging Germans , bombs , imprisonment and the like . It sounds exciting but frankly it is preposterous , drawn out and lacking the character development that we all know and love about Anne of Green Gables . If I wanted action and adventure I would watch Stallone or Schwarzenagger . VERY far removed from Green Gables . If you love Anne of Green Gables and it 's innocence , romance , and larger than life characters ... YOU WILL HATE THIS !
 I love Anne and I love the Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea movies , but this lacks the spark of the prior movies and the director 's insistence on ridiculous coincidences is just beyond realism and ruins the story . I know Anne has to grow up , but this does n't match the true character of who I believe most of us feel she is and I am sadly disappointed . I wish I would not have purchased it first and I will forever end my memory with such a bittersweet way . I give it two stars only because I enjoy seeing the original actors in the movie , but I regret my purchase and would have just stuck with the original movies and never watched this one .
 When I heard Anne of Green Gables , the Sequel was coming out , I could n't wait for more of the story . I was sorely disappointed when the entire Redmond years were left out - my favorite book was `` Anne of the Island '' - with all the chumminess and camraderie of Patty 's Place . I glossed over `` Anne of Windy Poplars '' to get to Anne and Gilbert 's wedding - FINALLY . The Sequel focused primarily and LOOSELY on `` Windy Poplars , '' however , and WAS the middle-aged Morgan Harris supposed to appease us for Roy Gardner?When Anne of Green Gables , the Continuing Story came out I could n't wait to see Anne and Gilbert finally together and in their `` House of Dreams ... '' WELL , WWI happened , and while I could 've reasonably gotten caught up in that with the beloved characters -LRB- instead of their children -RRB- , I was disappointed . The wedding was a somber and short affair , Diana 's unhappy marriage was demoralizing , and once AGAIN , we only had the enjoyment of Anne and Gil together at the very beginning and the very end.What hurt the most was the ABSOLUTELY UNBELIEVABLE departure in having Anne care so much for Jack ??? After yearning to see more of her and Gilbert together , I can hardly bear to watch it . When the armistice came , she mentioned Jack ; on the way home from Europe , she was still obsessing over Jack and his son . Could we have had an `` Oh , Gilbert , I 'm so glad you are safe and what would I have done without you , the love of my life '' ? The movie left us feeling like she would 've happily picked up life with Jack and his son instead.There were parts that I loved , and it was wonderful to see everyone again . I think all the characters have aged beautifully . I admit to liking this movie better than the Sequel , but I was sorry to see such a departure - again - from the books when there is such a plethora of wonderful stories to choose from there .
 Anyone who has read the graet book series by Lucy Maude Montgomery and seen the original two movies that starred Megan Follows as Anne will totally hate this wretched movie for the way it abandoned the books and those movies and made something that is intirely a different story and a boring pretentious artzy fartzy movie that should cure your insomnia !
 I hate this movie . I watched Anne of Green Gables for the first time when I was 8 . I fell instantly in love with it . They did a wonderful job capturing the innocence of Anne and her high spirits . I loved it so much I had to read the books . To my amazement I found the books very difficult to read . The books said 6th grade reading level and I felt very proud to be able to finish them . I have read and re-read the books -LRB- all 8 of them -RRB- again and again to help garner an understanding of life so long ago . I still read the books to this day at the age of 27 . I love their innocence and I empathize with Anne 's long journey into growing up . What I liked the most was that the last 2 books of the series are written from her children 's viewpoint . We see WW1 rip into their lives in book 8 . Very tragic now that Anne is a mother of 7 children and some of them are marching off to war . I hated the movie in that it jumped time so badly it completely cut out her marriage , the childhood of all her children , and the coming-of-age story of her youngest daughter . Somehow they justified skipping 20 years for the 3rd movie . I was so excited to find that Sullivan Pictures was going to put out a 3rd Anne film I automatically assumed it was going to cover `` Anne 's House of Dreams '' . I did n't know they were going to ignore the books completely and do whatever they felt was the most commercially beneficial . I do n't even think the writers read the books . They could n't have or they would have realized how upset everyone would be over the final product . Please do not watch this movie . Spend the time watching Anne of Green Gables and Avonlea , not this awful piece of trash . Read the books , they are true classics .
 I would give this NO stars if I could ! What a disappointing ending ! I loved & followed every episode on TV & then bought the DVDs . I threw this one away after watching it . I figure I could be like Anne & DREAM of the way it SHOULD have ended ! If you love the first two DVDs DO NOT SPOIL THE OTHERS BY BUYING this one !
 First , as others have pointed out , the story is n't a continuation of the Anne novels by L.M. Montgomery . It simply has nothing at all to do with it , although the characters have the same names.Second , the screen-writing is terrible . -LRB- And the plot is weak . -RRB- That 's what comes of trying to imagine completely new contexts for old characters , and trying to tie them together using phrases/expressions from the older films . So even if one tries to forget the books , it 's still a disappointing film .
 but I did not like this movie . The time sequencing was completely out-of-whack . `` Anne '' and `` Gilbert '' were too mature to be believable as mid-20-year-olds . It is obvious that much of the success of the first two films came from the tried and true words of L.M. Montgomery . In fact , Kevin Sullivan deserves a great deal of credit for introducing `` Anne '' to millions unfamiliar with the novels ; the accolades he received were well-deserved . Perhaps he felt the need to top himself , who knows ? Unfortunately , this film is an embarrassment . The plot is completely unbelievable , just like _ Scarlett _ -LRB- the sequel to _ Gone With the Wind _ -RRB- .
 I have to agree with the general dislike of this movie . I just think it 's too much of a departure from the antics of younger Anne to be considered part of the series . It 's completely different and there 's nothing enjoyable about it . The entire movie is dark and gloomy , with nothing funny about it . Really disappointing .
 On it 's own , the movie is a very decent sort . However , it 's quite disgusting the liberties Kevin Sullivan took with the storyline while pretending it was a continuation of the Anne of Green Gables story . I was very disappointed .
 Like everyone else , I too found this part of Anne 's story to be pretty awful . The acting was horrid and the storyline was trumped up and unrealistic if you know anything at all about Anne.The worst part -LRB- or the most amusing part -RRB- was the poor scripting , which ended up being rather funny it was so bad . When Anne is looking for Gil , she attacks a NUN , reaching over to strangle her while screaming , `` Do you keep a record of the people who have died ? '' There are many more memorable bad lines like this . When London is being bombed , a woman sitting in the shelter asks Anne to remind the baby that `` he learned to tottle while London burned '' while smiling a strange pyscho smile . I do n't know why , but M. Follows ' preformance in this movie was so bad , that it was hard to imagine that she had done such a great job in the other two movies . This movie proves that you can have a top production company , a seasoned director and actors , but a bad script is something that is essential to good story-telling .
 An interesting observation I made , being a big fan of the `` Avonlea '' series , was that Kevin Sullivan addressed Anne and Gilbert 's relationship when the Gilbert character appeared on the episode to attend Marilla Cuthberts funeral . There was mention that Anne was unable to attend because she and some of their brood was ill . So why would Kevin Sullivan write a totally different and unbelievable story in this third installment , in which the characters do n't even fit into the time period ? I 'm sure he must asked himself that question as well . The fact he flunked on `` Anne of Green Gables , The Continuing Story '' production does n't take away from the fact he produced two wonderful Anne of Green Gables productions and a great family friendly TV series based on Avonlea . `` Wind at my Back '' based on the Depression is also a great series .
 I was a little too excited when I heard they were making another Anne movie . I 'm a HUGE fan of Green Gables and Avonlea . HOWEVER this part of the story is not based on the books at all ! So what makes Anne , Anne is missing completely . Save your money and buy the books , the real continuing saga .
 this one bombs very chopped it assumes a lot from the viewer very little character developing it jumps a lot poor directing and writing sorry the first two were great i tried hard to like it rambo would have been a better choice that night
 I ORDERED ALL THREE ANNE OF GREEN GABLES MOVIES FOR MY DAUGHTER AND FOUND THAT THE CONTINUING STORY , DESPITE BEING LABLED AS SUCH , WAS ACTUALLY THE FIRST ANNE DVD . I 'M SENDING THIS BACK FOR AN EXCHANGE , HOPING TO RECEIVE THE CORRECT ONE.THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE HAD A PROBLEM WITH ANYTHING FROM AMAZON .
 I actually saw this movie many years ago and forget how disappointed I was . I recently saw the first and second movie , own the second movie , and wanted to purchase the whole set ; but then I just saw the third one -- Its a good thing I viewed this movie again to remind me of how bad it is , stopping me from owning the third one . I was so disgusted with how Anne of Green Gables The Continuing Story lacked so many elements that made the first two so wonderful . This movie came out 13 years after the second movie and the characters not only have aged but have changed so much . It is not at all interesting for the audiences dedicated to the first two . However , on the other hand , if I were to view this one with no connection to the first two it would be okay . I was just not interested enough to watch the third one again or own it because it is so different with dramatic changes and the characters or scenes do not grab your attention .
 All the wonderful actors come back for this movie , and it 's a terrible shame they were given this script and story line . It 's just awful . If you were going to put the actors together , and have a budget for a movie of this size , why would you waste their time and your money to produce this sad thing ? It does n't follow a hint of the Anne story line , the dialog is really bad , and the story completely breaks apart in the second half of the film with spy plots , kidnapping threats , Anne almost choosing to make a life with another man , and back-stage WWI intrigue as the armistice was signed . I sat there going `` WHAT ??? Where did THAT come from ? `` The first half of the movie is n't horrible , and if you 're a huge fan of the first movies , or the original actors , or the books ... then it 's probably worth it to see it , if only for the happy feelings of seeing Anne and Gilbert again . Yes , they 're a lot older than they should be , but it 's still great to see them . Just make sure you can sit down and suspect any expectations you have of what this movie `` should '' be like ... because in the second half , it 's all downhill.Mr . Sullivan , this movie is just sad . How awful that you wasted the chance to put these wonderful actors together again ... and why would you choose to skip over the original storyline of Anne and Gilbert 's first years together as a married couple ? That story line , especially in `` Anne 's House of Dreams '' has more genuine intrigue and emotion in one chapter than your screenplay did in the entire 3 + hours .
 This movie is so crappy , I do n't even know where to begin . While Kevin Sullivan 's first two movies did deviate somewhat from the books , the spirit and charm were maintained . None of that was there . In this movie , Anne is turned into a whiny alcoholic who seems to have no control of her own life . She certainly is n't LM Montgomery 's Anne . And why do they have Marilla die of some stupid disease ?! In the books , Marilla lived into her 80s and got to spoil her adopted grandchildren . Honestly , if Sullivan was n't going to follow the books , he should n't have made this atrocity .
 I LOVE the Anne of Green Gables series , I own Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea on DVD and I cherish them both . I watched The Continuing Story when it first aired on television and I was heart-broken . It strays from the books , and it felt like such a departure from the other two stories . Even the actors reprising their roles did n't quite fit . I was so sad ! I wanted to love it as completely as the first two stories , but I kept getting distracted by Anne 's now raspy voice , as if she has smoked quite a few more cigarettes than she should , and by Gil 's sickly appearance . I really worry for his health and lifestyle ! I recommend buying the first two movies in the series without hesitation , but skip The Continuing Story for sure !
 Like many other Anne fans , I was excited to hear that a third Anne movie was in the works , and I watched it on PBS when it first aired . Even my attachment to the characters and interest in the first world war could not make this tripe enjoyable . As many others have already mentioned , there were four more books from which Kevin Sullivan could have drawn , but instead he made this awful mess . If you are a fan of the books , save your money . There is nothing of LMM in this film and not even the charming Follows and Crombie can save it .
 I have watched the first two movies in this series more than once and enjoyed them . However , the third movie had nothing to do with the books . I got the set as a gift and it is unlikely that I will watch the the third movie again .
 Please do n't buy this movie ! It should have another name a complete diffrence from the book , an utter disappoinment !
 ... and I have never read the books - this mess is inexcusable and should never have been made . The ` plot ' is incredibly unbelievable , the worst sort of cliche melodrama , and the virtues that were so evidenced and detailed in the earlier films are swamped under . This is one movie you can afford to miss - I can think of nothing good to say about it .
 I hated this 3rd installment of Anne of Green Gables . It was soooo bad . I wish I had never watched it . I was thinking it would be like the first 2 . Kevin Sullivan took way too many liberties with the movie . What a dissapointment . The only good thing I can say about this movie is that I was glad to see most of all same characters returning to their roles .
 All my family members are HUGE Anne fans and this was a SORE DISAPPOINTMENT . I remember the feverish excitement we had upon learning of a third installment . I agree with all the other reviewers who have expressed their unhappiness . If you loved Anne and Gilbert and all the other characters from L.M.Montgomery 's books , DO N'T WATCH THIS ONE . It will only shatter every good memory you have of the others.I understand that the reason the writers changed the story-line was the unfortunate absence of Colleen Dewhurst . Still they could have found ways around it . Instead , they 've changed the story so ridiculously and drastically , that the beauty , strength , and grace of the characters -LRB- indeed the series -RRB- is lost.The only good thing about this , is seeing Gilbert and Anne married , and actually seeing how all the characters have physically grown and changed since we last saw them . -LRB- Most of the main actors are back , including Megan Follows , and Jonathan Crombie - who play Anne and Gilbert respectively . -RRB- To their credit , I must say that inspite of a very poor script , they still put on wonderful performances . Of course , there is only so far that good acting can carry a haphazard story-line . I think Mr. Sullivan would 've done better to have stopped after Anne of Avonlea , rather than go on . Thanks for nothing , Mr Sullivan !
 I was more than disappointed in this film ! I know that most movies based on books do n't follow the book exactly . Even the first two in Sullivan 's `` Anne '' triliogy did n't follow L.M. Montgomery exactly and I did n't mind too much because the spirit was still true ... this does n't have ANYTHING L.M.M. in it AT ALL !!! K.Sullivan should have just written new character names as well and given it a different name , but to pass this off as the work of L.M.M. is ludicris !
 After cherishing `` Anne of Green Gables '' and the sequel for many years , I could n't believe there would finally be a third ! From the time I first heard the rumor , I diligently searched the web and waited impatiently . When the Sullivan website confirmed the rumor and said it was coming soon , I could n't believe my good fortune . I had yearned for more so intensely , it felt like I wished it into reality ! I could not have been more dissapointed . Please do n't buy this if you love the `` Anne '' movies ! Borrow it from the library if you must . Seeing the old characters is all the pleasure you 'll get from this . It 's a complete failure that should go the way of `` New Coke '' ! Kevin Sullivan , please recall this video and make a new one that brings back the charm of the other ones . You have plenty of material from the books for the older actors . If you go with the books , you ca n't miss !!
 I simply could n't finish watching this movie when it came out on T.V. . It was devastating - especially since the first two movies in the `` Anne '' series are beautiful . Number III has nothing in common with the first two movies . All the characters are dim , weird versions of themselves - the plot is rotten and warped.It is the polar opposite of the heartwarming and uplifting previous `` Anne '' movies , which chronicle the story of an orphan on Prince Edward Island.Please do n't watch it - it will wreck the perfection of what you saw before .
 How could you Kevin Sullivan ? After all of these years I have waited for the grand finale to the Anne of Green Gables I and II saga , I saw you tear apart L.M. 's precious , imaginative Anne-world . The adulterous tones you suggest are maddening . Anne would never do that , never in a million years . Thank you for catering to the part of the population that enjoys adultery , nudity and violence . You tarnished the innocence of what you had originally created in I and II . Thank you for not following anything L.M. wrote for you to follow . All you had to do was follow the book , not rewrite it . I will just pretend that this movie does n't exist and let my imagination finish the rest !
 As one whose entire family were enthralled by the visual and literary beauty , charm , and inspirational nature of `` Anne of Green Gables '' and `` Anne of Avonlea , '' I was notably deflated by this film . The great expectations and anticipation that preceeded the the release of `` The Continuing Story '' were unfortunately unjustified , and I set myself up for a bit of a let-down . Actually , that may be quite an understatement.The first visual impression was that of `` age , '' especially as the term applies to the actors . While I expected great things from the anticipated wedding of Gilbert and Anne , such as the event taking place appropriately soon after the beginning of `` The Continuing Story , '' I did not expect the forthcoming disappointment . What should have been the climactic event of the film was unduly rushed , and it seemed like a mere afterthought as it was presented . But returning to the theme of `` age , '' Anne , Gilbert , and the collection of former classmates that included Anne 's `` bosom friend '' Diana , all appeared to be well into their thirties , not their early twenties . In other words , `` The Continuing Story '' did a rather poor job of actually accomplishing a seamless continuance.The story itself was quite improbable , and it was far too long . I actually found myself squirming , trying to mentally accelerate a story that was mired in continuing intrigues that were definitely far from the thematic peace , love , charm and goodness one would normally associate with Green Gables and Avonlea .
 I have been a loyal LM Montgomery fan all my life . I own all her books , though many are out of print and have been for years -LRB- such a shame ! -RRB- . I LOVED the first two movies , though they are not entirely faithful to the books , they maintain the beautiful vision of dear Lucy . This new ` sequel ' is appalling . Where on EARTH they came up with this horror , I 'll never know . They kill off Marilla , leave Green Gables in ruin , and attempt to get Anne to cheat on Gilbert . Add some bloody horrors of wartime , and you 'll be ready to hunt down the miserable cretins who have disgraced the name of one of the most beloved authors of all time . Megan Follows and the cast should be ashamed as well for giving such a despicable story life . The only reason I give such a disgrace one star , is that I had to to post this .
 I bought this DVD despite reading all the negative reviews . Thinking that I would like it . What a MISTAKE !!! This movie is nothing like the first two that captures the love between Anne and Gilbert . I was bitterly disappointed and wanted to kick myself for spending the money to buy it when I should have just rented it . So , that is my advice , before you make the mistake of buying this movie , RENT IT FIRST !!! That way you can decide whether it is worth your money and your time .
 The characterization and plot of this story are so different from the first two miniseries that it can hardly be called a sequal ! I 'm not a purist , but I think that a screenplay should at least be faithful to the spirit and vision of a novel/series , and this one fails miserably . The characters have the same faces , but their personalities have changed . They have been time warped from the late 1800 's to 1914 , and their behavior is unfaithful to their former portrayals . Take some advice -- watch the last scene of `` The Sequal '' , sigh happily , and forget you ever heard about this one .
 An evil alien inhabited your body and made this movie ! Too bad , because he -LRB- it ? -RRB- drove off millions of fans and probably deprived you of millions of dollars from this or any future film you would make . Thanks for getting two done well ... but ... what happened ?
 I work at Sam 's Club , and they were selling all 3 Anne of Green Gables movies at a really cheap price . well , I already owned movie 1 and absolutely adored it -- im a fairly new Anne fan , so i had just finished reading the first book . saw the 2nd movie , but they unfortunately were out of it when I wanted to buy it , so , out of curiosity , I bought the 3rd one . it was terrible ! it completely steered away from the 1st and 2nd movies , which I thought were fabulous . the characters were really out of place , and half the time , I had no idea what was going on ! I 'd started watching it about a week ago , and didnt finish it until last night -- that 's how uninterested I was by it . I would definitely recommend buying the first two Anne movies , and just ignore the 3rd , if you can . i still havent bought the second movie yet -- that 's just my luck ;-RRB- but this is really absolute crap , the 3rd film !
 `` Anne of Green Gables
 The Continuing Story WAS butchered . The only things it kept were the key characters -LRB- and actors , bless them . -RRB- Since when did Anne & Gilbert live in New York ? It also spent way too much time on the war . The last book shows what happens to home life during the war and NEVER goes to the battlefield . They should have stuck to the original story .
 sweat , spirited Anne is not meant to be in wrold warI . Anne of Green Gables The Continuing Story is not for kids , unlike the wonderfull first two . THIS MOVIE IS BETTER LEFT ON THE SHELF !!!
 I am a great fan of Anne of Green Gables and Anne of Avonlea as I grew up with these films . Both movies are romantic and show the beauty of a simpler life . In the Continuing Story , Anne is not the young , attractive lady she once was and Gilbert has lost much of his handsomeness . Anne has a romantic intanglement with a Jack Garrison and it seems as though she is shown more with Fred Wright than with her beloved Gilbert . This moving is not heartwarming and sweet like its predecessors , but haphazard in plot . I do not recommend this movie to anyone wishing to see a clean movie , as it is sprinkled with sexual innuendoes .
 Listen . Do you hear that ? It 's Lucy Maud Montgomery turning over in her grave .
 I am thoroughly insulted , as should all devoted L.M. Montgomery fans be . Where is our beloved Anne ? I 've loved all of the Anne stories since I was a young girl , and to slaughter those literary masterpieces is unforgiveable . The line was pushed with the Anne of Avonlea film by mixing the stories up so terribley , and straying so from the true plot , but this . . this is heart wrenching . I pity anyone who wastes they 're time with this film , you 're in for nothing more than disappointment .
 This film lost simple life of characters and sense of humor of basis of Anne 's series .
 Well , I have n't seen it , but my beloved wife has got me hooked on the whole Avonlea etc and after buying the first two , I was ready to buy the third and last installment for her -LRB- me -RRB- for Valentines ' Day.However , after reading all the reviews , I have NEVER seen such a broad consensus of the quality of a movie as ` The Continuing Story ' . Perhaps that 's because the first two are so moving , funny , and charming . As many reviewers have mentioned , they 've been poisoned by a regrettably poor final installment to the series and would have rather ended it at Sequel 2 . And that is how I plan to live the rest of my life . Without Sequel 3 .
 There are many movies I would have rather watched than this movie.I would have rather sat down to the Joel Schumacher adaptation of the diaries of Laura Ingles Wilder ! You know , the one where we see Ma & Par Ingles face off against the vampire Nazi 's of Waltons Mountain whilst escaping from Hanibals canibal eliphants in the killing fields of Cambodia.This is just about how I feel this edition of the Anne productions differed in quality and tone from the previous two.Very Sad
 I did n't like the Continuing Story as much as Green Gables and Avonlea . I guess Anne and Gilbert was all grown up in the Continuing Story . Did n't really like the war atmosphere , felt so sad .
 I think I only really dislike it because of how little it connects to the previous films -LRB- which are amazing -RRB- . I think this one tries too hard to be an adventure movie and completely loses sight of the sentiment of the story written by Montgomery . Otherwise , it was mildly entertaining .
 Def-Con 4 -LRB- 1985 -RRB- ... does the title have any significance ? I 'm glad you asked ... it means Defensive Condition , and the associated number is ` graduated to match situations of varying military severity ' , ranging for 5 to 1 . Def-Con 5 means normal peacetime readiness , Def-Con 4 normal , increased intelligence and strengthened security measures , Def-Con 3 increase in force readiness above normal readiness , Def-Con 2 further increase in force readiness , but less than maximum readiness , and Def-Con 1 maximum force readiness , or , put your head between your legs and kiss it good-bye . Just to give you a frame of reference , since its inception , the highest level achieved to date has been Def-Con 2 , and that was during the Cuban missile crisis in the early 60 's . Knowing that the lower the number , the higher the threat , I would have thought a film about the post apocalypse using a defensive condition level for its title would have gone with Def-Con 1 , or at least 2 ... produced , written and directed by Paul Donovan -LRB- Self Defense , Norman 's Awesome Experience -RRB- , the film stars Tim Choate -LRB- Ghost Story -RRB- , Lenore Zann -LRB- Happy Birthday to Me , Visiting Hours -RRB- , Kevin King -LRB- Night School -RRB- , Kate Lynch -LRB- Meatballs -RRB- , and veteran character actor Maury Chaykin , who 's probably most recognizable appearing on television 's ` A Nero Wolfe Mystery ' series , as the title character.As the film begins we see two men and a woman circling the Earth in a secret American defensive satellite of love -LRB- decked out with a number of nuclear warheads -RRB- called Project Nemesis -LRB- strange name for a defense satellite -RRB- . Their purpose is to provide some kind of first response capability -LRB- I think -RRB- , but when the fecal matter hits the fan -LRB- World War III -RRB- , they balk , and things planet-side go downhill pretty quickly -LRB- talk about your dereliction of duty -RRB- . So now what ? Do they return to a contaminated Earth and try to find a safe haven ? Or float around in space until their life support runs out ? The decision is soon made for them , as the capsule begins a re-entry sequence apparently on its own , and they find there are survivors , but they seem pretty inhospitable -LRB- radioactive contamination will do that to you -RRB- . After one member of the crew gets ate up by mutants -LRB- exposure to radiation is often known to cause cannibalism , especially in cruddy sci-fi films -RRB- , Howe -LRB- Choate -RRB- sets out to find a boat -LRB- to sail to a safe haven -RRB- , but only finds an armed , kilted loner named Vincent -LRB- Chaykin -RRB- , who lives in a bunker made of sod and tools around in a modified bulldozer left over from an A-Team episode . Oh yeah , he also keeps a girl named J.J. -LRB- Zann -RRB- under his floorboards . The two make a deal -LRB- in Vinnie terms , it went down like this , ` I 'll make you a deal on the food - you give it to me , or I 'll kill you . ' ... such the negotiator -RRB- , but are soon captured by a local , brutal , militaristic , Lord of the Flies-like tribe headed by a petty preppy snot named Gideon -LRB- King -RRB- . Turns out he may have been responsible for the satellite returning to Earth , as he needed something they had for his plans . Our three , plucky wanderers Howe , Vincent , and J.J. -LRB- who happened to be involved with Gideon at some point -RRB- , along with the female satellite crew member Jordan -LRB- Lynch -RRB- find themselves condemned to death for crimes against humanity . Normally chances of survival would appear slim , but given the ineptitude of tribe , escape seems imminent . The name of the game is survival , by any means possible ... I saw this film some 15 years ago , renting it from a local video store , drawn in by the cover art -LRB- as I 'm sure most were -RRB- , only to find said cover art was the most exciting thing about the feature . The film has a great many faults , shoddy script , terrible acting , extended periods of inactivity , to name a few , but it 's not entirely bad . The plot was somewhat intricate , and easy to follow , but did feature a great many gaping holes . The production values were relatively decent for a low budget film , but I was annoyed at the lack of mutants . The only effect I could see of the recent holocaust on the survivors was that most everyone was just dirty ... no festering pus wounds , boils , mutations , moles , or even scabs . Seems to me if radiation was so prevalent , there 'd be more indications displayed on the survivors ... oh well ... the biggest hurting comes in the form of the acting -LRB- the script does n't help -RRB- ... Choate , the man with the quickly receding hairline , is not hero material , not matter how much he 's played up that way . On the satellite he was in a constant state of spaz , and once on the ground , it was n't much different -LRB- check out the scene where he 's trying to commandeer a sail boat , guarded by two armed men ... it 's truly funny -RRB- . He ultimately comes off as an incompetent whiner you wish to see suffer some horrible fate . And whose idea was it to put the portly Chaykin in a kilt ? He 's certainly no Mel Gibson , and more than once we are flashed with either a full moon , or his twig and berries ... yuck ... I will say he did have one of the best lines in the film -LRB- see my title -RRB- , occurring when he was questioning Howe about the quality of the mammaries -LRB- with great detail -RRB- of the female astronaut left back at the capsule -LRB- she had a concussion -RRB- . Apparently Vinnie was developing an under the floorboard harem , as one woman was n't enough . In terms of post-apocalyptic thrillers , Def-Con 4 rates pretty low , but it does have it 's smarmy charms , meager as they may be ... Anchor Bay provides a sharp looking anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- transfer , along with fairly respectable Dolby Digital 2-channel mono sound . Extras a minimal , including a trailer and a mini-reproduction of a poster for the film , which displays the tagline ` The Last Defense . The Last Hope . The Battle For The Future Of The World Has Begun ' ... um yeah -LRB- no one ever sold a film by understating it -RRB- ... Cookieman108
 The movie itself was at best camp . Poor story line , poor acting , disjointed plot . On top of that the qualify of the video sound was horrible . The voices were completely out of sync with the video . For some reason if you tried to fast forward -LRB- which did not work -RRB- it would get the voices back in sync with the video . Had to do that about 15 times . I really should ask for my money back but just not worth the time and frustration of Amazon telling me I am the only one -LRB- ever heard that before -RRB- with this problem and maybe my comcast internet connection is n't fast enough - it is - there are none faster except maybe fios .
 This movie gets one star because the war sequence itself , from the perspective of orbiting astronauts , is actually quite intense.The film itself ? Retarded beyond description . `` Mankind can now rest in piece '' . Yeah . Mmmkay.It only took a whopping two months after a full nuclear exchange between the superpowers to reduce Newfoundland to an irradiated landscape of cannibals and slave camps . Come on now.The astronaut who 's wife was in Detroit -LRB- which you get to see nuked on a heat-sensitive camera -RRB- just ` happens ' to survive ? Come on now.Everything about this movie is hokey , all the way down to the pitiful acting and blatantly unrealistic conditions.If you 're looking for a more provocative and believable film about the post-apocalyptic world , get `` Threads '' .
 I have to tell you a true story ; the poster art was so cool I had to see this picture , yet what I got was the biggest disappointment next to The Avengers . The film starts off with a great idea and the opening scenes show good promise when the crew of a nuclear-armed space station has to react to World War 3 . A few months later they have to bail out when an earth-based hacker discovers they might have a load of nukes onboard . Once on ground one of their party falls prey to an unknown predator while the other two have to contend with a gang run by a teenager . The rest of the movie is a bore as it turns into a cheap Mad Max/Road Warrior knock-off . Like many of these films , they all lack the one element that made Mad Max so great , non-stop action . This movie is boring and looks cheap . The only cool thing is the opening scenes and the super cool poster . I wonder why this would even be released on DVD , as I ca n't remember a single actor I would recognize .
 This is the sorriest excuse for a movie I think I have ever seen . it does have its good points , however , such as ... uh ... um ... oh , yeah , it makes a wonderful `` gag '' gift , and should you get the friends together for `` B '' - movie night , this is sure to be a crowd pleaser . If you are looking for academy award material , however , you are certainly wasting your time .
 Mmm . Nice , atmospheric start . The tension mounts among the crew of a space probe armed with a nuclear warhead , while a war rages on earth . Six months later , they return to Earth.And then , the film 's producer ran out of cash , the director ran out of ideas , the script writer had a `` sorry , but the dog ate it , honest ! '' moment , and the actors just wanted to cash their pay cheques and get onto the next earner.So dreadful , it is completely unmissable . Me and my mate were doubled up in hysterics towards the end of the film as we constantly picked holes in the plot , the continuity ... everything ! If anyone knows when this is next going to be shown on UK TV , please let me know.A definite MUST SEE .
 INEPT BOMB OF A MOVIE !!!!!!!! THE ABSOULT WORST CELLUDOID HAS TO OFFER !!!!! The only good acting in the entire movie is Chaykin . The direction was fantastic for what this man had . Even though Jack Deth is in this film , that did n't save the toilet paper script , and FUBAR actors that were in it . See Tango & Cash for a definition of FUBAR !
 This movie has just moved onto my top 10 movie list . It is so bad it is hilarious . It is Canada 's answer to Mad Max.When I saw the cannibals at the beginning I thought it was either a giant roast , a thanksgiving turkey , or honey baked ham they were eating.I lost it when I saw the guy usher the `` hero '' of the movie out with the hand gun . You never hold a hand gun like . Its like he is holding a clothes iron.I also enjoyed how quickly mankind 's society broke down and we all forgot how to produce fossil fuel or other forms of transportation but they manage to keep the lights on for you.And how they so ignorantly disposed of that old man who was pulling the giant space station was silly . `` Hey You ! You , pull your weight ! I told you to pull your weight ! '' They dont even give him enough time to process the idea that he may not be pulling his weight before the guy with the serving tray on his chest shoots him.Even The Humongous from Mad Max 2 treats his minions with the knowledge that they are not necessarily replaceable.All that makes me laugh . Some one needs to tell Canada to make more movies like this .
 For many years , when I was asked what the worst movie of all time was , I would answer DefCon4 . Without hesitation or a second lost trying to decide . DefCon4 was the easy answer.I have not seen DefCon4 for many years now , and have come to call this period of time `` the age of reason '' . And while Dracula
 What a Waste ! Jack N. is one of my faves , but he did n't hit his stride until The Last Detail & Five Easy Pieces & Carnal Knowledge . First off , the soundtrack is so horribly distracting it 's pathetic . The ` Wild Youth ' in this movie are anything but . They wear nice button down shirts and are clean shaved and nicely groomed . Their big parties include like two beers each and a pint and some of the lamest dancing around . Dialogue is cheesy . Like if they keep repeating the words crazy , man , and farout we 're gon na believe they 're cool . Jack N. is Top Stud , which includes browbeating , insulting , and controlling everyone around him . The racing footage gives you good glimpses of rotating tires and little else . Comparisons to Brando and Dean are laughable in their lame attempts to prop up this embarassment . And the Hot Rods are are nothing to speak about either . Basically just grandma cars . No sweet paint or fat tires or tricked out anything . I woulda gave it 2 , but went with one to balance out this inexplicable praise being doled out to this clunker . Does anyone recognize good cinema ?
 Jack Nicholson is a staple of today 's ` pop ' culture . Today we see him at the Oscar 's , being interviewed ; like he has always been present . THE WILD RIDE is a step back BEFORE `` EASY RIDER '' , the television westerns . I get the impression that his part in this film took very little effort to get into character . Car/hot rod buffs will enjoy what 1960 's movie directors thought were the ` hot set-ups of the day . I would recommend this as an addition to round out your Nicholson collection , a early step in his development .
 `` Are you really going out with him ? '' `` UH-HUH '' . `` By the way , where did you meet him ? '' `` I MET HIM AT THE CANDY STORE AND THEN WE WENT OUT IN HIS CONVERTABLE AND PLAYED CHICKEN WITH A COP . '' `` Cool . Did you win ? '' `` UH-HUH . '' `` And the cop ? '' `` HE DID N'T WIN . '' `` Oh . By the way , what 's his name ? '' `` OH , SILLY . DO N'T YOU KNOW ALL HOT ROD JUVENILE DELINQUENTS FROM CHEAP LATE '50S EARLY 60S MOVIES ARE NAMED JOHNEY ? '' `` Johney Angel ? '' `` JOHNEY DEVIL . JOHNEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT NOTHIN ' . JOHNEY SAYS THE ONLY GOOD COP IS A DEAD COP . '' `` Cool . '' `` TONIGHT WE 'RE ROBBING A CASE OF BEER AND HANGING OUT AT THE BEACH WHERE WE 'LL GET DRUNK AND NECK AND SAY REAL OUT OF DATE THINGS TEENAGERS USED TO SAY . '' `` That 's real boss . '' `` AND THEN WE 'LL RUN A COP OFF THE ROAD AND SPEED AWAY IN A WILD CLIMACTIC CAR CHASE . '' `` Cool . Can I come ? '' ` SURE , IF YOU DO N'T MIND GETTING KILLED IN A WILD CLIMACTIC CAR CHASE . '' `` Uh , maybe I 'll just stay home . '' `` COOL . '' `` Uh-huh . ''
 I say this about a lot of folks , but darnit if Karen Sheperd is n't an underappreciated action heroine if ever there was one . Forever in the shadow -LRB- and strangely tied to the career -RRB- of Cynthia Rothrock , she 's a well of limitless martial potential but always ended up on the short end of the stick , either getting duped by Corey Yuen or needing to settle for roles that Rothrock turned down . A 1993 low-budget flick by longtime Jean Claude Van Damme prot&eacute;g&eacute; Michel Qissi seemed like it might break this streak , but alas , poor Karen is n't even afforded an undiscovered gem , ` cause not only does `` Terminator Woman '' have a very misleading title , it 's also a pretty bad for a B-movie . The story
 this is one bad movie . It 's simply horrible . Even the dancing ca n't be saved . Oh wee a terrible movie . Girls just wan na good movie and this one is n't it .
 In the name of all that is holy , never have I ever seen anything worse than this show . Even the presence of the radiant and stunningly talented Helen Hunt could improve this picture . Next time you see this movie on a shelf somewhere , do the world a favor and send it back to the depths of hell from whence it came . If a hobo tries to give it to you , have him arrested on assault and battery . This movie is a travesty of a waste of atomic particles , which could be better spent on 42 cochroaches . Does this make sense ? Not really . Is it true ? Every word . Narf .
 I was amazed how bad this movie was . I saw it when it was in theaters . And I did n't like looking at the horsey-faced Sarah Jessica Parker . That she became a star amazed me , and still amazes me .
 Just to clarify - I LOVE 80s movies , and have a pretty decent collection of DVDs representing the era . I got this movie since I have n't seen it before , and I liked main actors in it . But whoever directed this piece did a horrible job , acting is below even one star - I could n't believe that the same actors - Helen Hunt , Sara Jessica Parker and Shannen Doherty did such good jobs on TV and in movies later in their careers . Sarah Jessica looked like she was trying waaaaay to hard , and Helen Hunt and Shannen Doherty were just ... horrible . As far as the script goes ... well , it was just empty . Somebody compared this movie to a Center Stage - well , I would n't , since there is no good choreography here at all - absolutely NOTHING to look at and enjoy . I got rid of this DVD the very next day after I watched it ... Do n't waste your time .
 I am really dissappointed with Amazon . This product was meant to be delivered to me on the 19 March 2008 . To date it has not been delivered , i have paid for it . I have tried to contact Amazon customer services to no avail . I will never purchase anything from the amazon website again .
 Blu-Ray should ALWAYS BE 1080P It is very disappointing when it is not . This is reflected in the image quality as well . Audio is not even remastered for surround and is in 1 Channel MONO . I ca n't believe they would even release this on Blu-ray this way as it is seemingly no better than standard DVD or even VHS ! I am very disappointed in the product . The movie is a great 80 's Flick but I just wish that they had taken a little more care and time to release it the right way ... . Do not buy if only upgrading from a previous medium . If you have not previously owned this title then it is , unfortunately , still the best way to go.Girls Just Want to Have Fun -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 Very , very violent.Violence for the sake of violence.Very , very bloody.They really have a good time with the obviously fake blood squirting everywhere like mini-geysers . Very , very Low-Budget . You can actually make a better movie with 3 friends and 20 bux.Very , very not-so-special effects.Water pressure , paper machie , & red-dye . Very , very riduculous plot .1 gang of unkillabe goons , vs. 1 gang involved in zombie experiments.Everything about this movie is very.And I mean very.Ver , veryMORAL OF THE STORY : More is less ... alot less .
 Das Komabrutale Duell is a homemade movie about killing . That 's it.From the intro on , it 's a steady barrage of ultra-violence . I 'd normally find this endearingly entertaining , but the effort became recycled by about the half-way point . Chance encounter , fight , gunshots , punch-kick-punch , spraying blood , screaming , cut scene to butcher room in house , spraying blood , screaming , more spraying blood , rinse , repeat . I had a good time watching the crew 's blooming ingenuity under obvious budgetary constraints , but then realized said ingenuity was producing the same results over and over and over again for a LONG time . With the exception of some unique kill-scenes peppered randomly throughout the film , this was as repetitive as a car alarm in the middle of the night.Oh , and the blood is brown like diarrhea . Copious amounts of spraying diarrhea.Seems to me this would be a great shock-movie to put on a repeat during a Halloween warehouse party , maybe ? Either way , the only way I 'd recommend ordering this was if you were being paid to own it . Free is too expensive . - t -
 So I 'm at the video store the other day , and the manager tells me this new movie that was banned in Germany just came in and that it was supposed to be uberly kewl and I needed to check it out . Did n't look like my kind of flick , but I figured I 'd give it a look.Wow.I have seen a lot of REALLY bad movies over the years , but this is truly in a class of its own . To call it a `` film '' would be inaccurate . There is no plot . It seems to have been shot in a single take on a VHS camera using recycled tapes , as I 've seen far better resolution from cheapo camera phones . The `` blood '' is n't even red -- it looks like coffee , either being splashed from a cup or squirted out of a tube . The `` intestines '' hanging out of an abdomenal wound appear to be constructed from blue sweatpants . The makeup f/x seem to have been handled by autistic jr high students with ADD ... either that , or they just did n't care . Oh , and the story sucked too . Some nonsense about , `` Your uncle was killed by a drunk driver , and if you join our gang we 'll kill the drunk 's whole family for you . `` I struggled to endure this `` film '' until about 5 minutes into the first fight , where the fellow who just received serious gunshot wounds through both thighs proceeded to chase the shooter around and kick him -- then the gun was taken away and he shot the shooter -- whereupon the shooter pops open the hatchback of his car and pulls out a small chainsaw -LRB- already running -RRB- to counterattack -- and his victim then proceeds to grasp the bar of said chainsaw -LRB- as well as the sharp spinning chain -RRB- with both hands , sustaining not so much as a papercut ... after watching a few more minutes of this stupidity I realized that I could n't even fast forward through the remaining 90 % of the `` film '' , so I instead pressed the `` chapter advance '' button repeatedly and saw that it was pretty much the same throughout.To add insult to injury , the perpetrator of this cinematic dog dropping actually had the audacity to add `` Special Features '' to the disc , in which he pontificates about his vision and philosophy ... for which he should be beaten with a large stick ... even though there were no subtitles for the Special Features and I ca n't understand German . I see this `` film '' was released in 1999 , and I wonder at which fast food franchise the Writer/Director now toils?This is the Worst Movie Ever Made . And it is n't even funny . I skipped through most of it AND got a full refund , yet I still feel as if I 've been wronged . I would rather get kicked in the groin repeatedly than be forced to watch this `` film '' in its entirety . Beyond awful .
 THIS MOVIE IS GARBAGE . THE COVER IS MORE ENTERTAINING THAN THE MOVIE , BE LUCKY YOU DONT WASTE ANY MORE TIME THAN YOU ALREADY HAVE WITH THIS MOVIE !! JEREMY ISBELL AND CENTRAL FILM COMPANY MAKE HORRIBLE MOVIES !! GARBAGE !!! blah vomit grosssss
 This thriller was made for Canadian TV and only redeemed from the B stockpile by the acting of Peter Outerbridge as a wan na be fashion photographer , and the appearance of Sally Kellerman as the agent for `` the beauty '' Jennifer Rubin . Rubin is perhaps the most lead-footed model I 've ever seen , so it 's not unexpected when everyone aroud her begins to be killed , though suicide is n't considered as a motive . While she is attractive , Rubin 's acting is so flat and she is so physically stiff that you pray that she will be the next to get it . It 's a little like the way Kathleen Turner thought so she was such hot stuff in Body Heat . Here Rubin turns heads in the street even before she starts modeling -LRB- in a convenient plot turn -RRB- , in spiteof her dressing the way Outerbridge describes as if for `` Siberian Vogue '' . Outerbridge is a James Spada look-alike without having Spada 's mannerist style and whilst his acting is technically superior to Kellerman 's , she outclasses him in star power . Given the best nasty lines , she dresses in male drag to prove the claim that she `` swings both ways '' . Director Paul Lynch 's work is barely inspired . He slurps over the horror music and gives us close-ups of ringing telephones , though there is an unintentional laugh in the cat scare shot when it appears that the poor kitty has been thrown into frame to approximate it jumping . At least we are spared the cat from being a victim , or Kellerman 's highrise balcony being used for someone to be pushed from . The low point is the music video that Rubin participates in , where she is so inept that even her walking requires a choreographer . It 's indicative of Lynch 's sensibility that when TV news features footage from the `` yet unreleased ' clip , what we see is the replica of the take we saw being filmed , but magically edited from different shots . If this genius music video director can produce such material -LRB- we also know he 's a genius because he 's the kind who sits on a moving camera and speaks in a British accent -RRB- perhaps the Canadian TV producers should have hired him instead of Lynch to make their film . The revelation of the killer jumps over countless red herrings , and is preposterous , but ironically allows Rubin to finally come to life .
 I was really looking forward to watching Cher do her thing . It said it was filmed at the Mirage in Vegas ? Such a small stage no room for her over the top numbers that I love so much . She wore better costumes when she and Sony did their TV Show . There was n't any energy at all , it was as if she just walked through her numbers . Not to mention her singing , it seemed off key . Like I said I 'm really disappointed with this DVD . Doubt I 'll ever watch again .
 Okay , first they cut the hell out of the show when the put in on VHS and now they are cutting it even more on DVD . Where is Many Rivers To Cross , Tougher Than The Rest , Hold On , Take It To The Limit ? I pray the tracklisting is an error and we will get the full concert on DVD .
 This is a DVD of a TV special . It 's missing a couple of songs . My firs impressions of Cher were from seeing the Believe Tour on DVD and the Farewell tour twice in person and on DVD . This DVD is a step down . Granted , it 's from 15 years ago -LRB- or so -RRB- when concert technology was n't as cutting edge as it is today . I found this concert to be kind of a snoozer as far as a Cher show goes .
 ` Threat ' is a movie that I 've been hearing about forever . It 's a movie that has had me interested in it from the first time I saw the trailor . The music seemed amazing , the concept amazing.The reality ... A friend calls me and tells me that Hot Topic has ` that movie ' that I 've been waiting to see . Which I think is weird because I know it never opened in Chicago , but he was right . So we go , I pick it up.Here are a few quotes from the case ... `` Makes ` kids ' look like an after-school special '' `` Fierce , Fervid , Lyrical , Incendiary '' `` Unflinching , Scathing ... just the opening independent film needs to regain its independence `` Well I wish there was an ounce of truth to any of those . I 'll never get that hour plus of my life back.It 's not a deeply profound written film about the ills of society , it 's not a philosphical masterpiece about the state of the world or music . It 's not realistic commentary on the state of music scence.It 's a movie filled with typical cliche DIY ethics and a poorly written script.Some examples of how terrible this film is : At one point in the movie a ` straight edge ' kid is at work as a barback . He 's complaining about people drinking and his friend , another straight edge kid asks `` if you hate the alcohol industry so much , why do you work here ? `` after looking like he was just asked the meaning of life ... his response ... `` uh ... know your enemy `` This is the same straight edge kid that works as a barback who starts a crew called ` One less drunk ' and later is part of the finale where kids are fighting everywhere . The same barback shooting people for being drunk.Jim 's character is n't a revolutionary , neither is his friend Fred . They 're both ridicilious jokes.Here 's another great example ... Fred and Jim both work at a comic book store . It seems that Fred is some sort of security guard . early in the film Fred watches another black man attempt to steal a comic book . He takes him into the back room and lectures him , and lets him leave and when leaving he throws the comic book at the kid and lets him take it anyway . Yet in another scene Fred searches Jim 's back to make sure he 's not stealing ... What ? What the hell is going on here ... is he against stealing from the store or not?This movie was poorly written , poorly filmed and poorly edited.If you 're interested do yourself a favor and try to rent it somewhere , but do not pay for this film . I do n't care if it was shot entirely by a cast and crew in their early and late 20 's . This film is awful .
 The one page ad in Revolver mag made this movie sound great . The dvd cover boasted '' ... makes ` Kids ' look like an after-school special . '' No ultraviolence as stated , just line after line of obscenities . This movie is not comparable to ` Kids ' . This movie will go to the DVD trader as soon as possible . You want some vulger stuff go watch ` Meet the Feebles ' or ` Requiem for a Dream ' , not this poop made by kids in their late teens and early twenties .
 Well , yes , I had heard the name from back when the movie was new . I do n't remember whether I was aware that it was a foreign film ; I hate subtitles . It 's a rather pretty movie , but slow paced . Not a lot actually happens . There 's a lot of slow and thoughtful scenes of the couple Elvira and her lover , Sixten . And perhaps some of the little touches were meant to be symbolic in ways I do not understand . But frankly , I was pretty bored.Good music , though .
 Over the years , numerous critics and movie buffs have quoted `` Elvira Madigan '' as one of the most beautiful films ever made -LRB- one example of praise was from Pauline Kael , a truly classic critic of blunt honesty -RRB- . This writer has heard about it numerous times during the past 20 years and has tried to hunty down a copy , but to little avail.And that 's where the DVD craze comes in.The good news with this disc . It has been restored to full glory . Freeze frame any one of these beautifully photographed images and you have a wonderful example of scene composition . The blending of nature , air , sun and romance come alive vibrantly all throughout . The sound is truly terrific with Mozart 's Piano Concerto No. 21 coming in at the right moments . This could even replace video fires during those winter nights.But a good movie this is n't . In fact , it 's a pretty bad movie . And while it 's worth watching for the above imagery , the central leads -LRB- Thommy Beggren & Pia Degermark -RRB- are attractive through leave little dramatic impact to truly make this an emotional experience -LRB- I call it the curse of the two-expression acting method -RRB- . So it 's based on a true story ? I wonder . It was probably some clipping gathered from a modern-day newspaper and the director thinks , `` Gee , this would make a great costume drama ! '' . Boom . There you go.You 're waiting for a sense of suspense to come and grab the two main characters together , but it never comes . And the ending seems like a cop-out -LRB- oh , but we do get a Swedish kiddie choir to take us out ! -RRB- . You 're either left in tears for the two or left in tears for investing money on this stilted cinematic experience.I love foreign films . I loved to be moved by romance . But I also like to be challenged . I love memorable characters . I love great story & cinematography . To me , a movie experience makes you look forward to revisiting scenes and reacquainting yourselves with the characters . All of the above traits are what make a movie touch the soul.I wish `` Elvira Madigan '' did that . It did n't . It is an attractive yet soulless piece of moviemaking.But this is where you use your own discretion . Go forth .
 I have bought this DVD for my father who heard about this movie years ago and tried to buy it for a lot of time and did not find it . I asked him if he enjoyed the movie and he told me he was quite dissapointed . It is not what he expected to be .
 CHINATOWN was and always will be one of my favorite movies.The shame of this sequel is that script never came together . In fact , I remember reading about the feud that ensued between Jack Nicholson and screenwriter Robert Towne over the production of this movie . Nicholson complained that Towne left town without finishing the script and actress Meg Tilley was quoted that she could remember feeling the heat from just-copied pages fresh from a copy machine having just been thrown together.The acting and directing are there ... but the story is not.Big disappointment .
 A disastrous sequel to Chinatown -- it 's hard to believe that the same screenwriter wrote both movies . While Jack Nicholson does a credible job directing , the screenplay is a convoluted mess . This movie was justifiably panned when it came out .
 The Two Jakes -LRB- 1990 -RRB- is a movie that may show up on viewers radarscreens for one of two reasons
 It was a story that had a man threatening to kill people and the same man dying and crying because he had cancer and I am thinking that was the basis for the whole plot .
 I 'm sorry to be so out of step with most other reviewers here but this movie is simply awful . The screenplay is sub-standard , the story is unnecessarily convoluted , and even the editing seems to be slipshod . Why Jack Nicholson chose to direct this movie is the biggest mystery of all.Watch `` The Maltese Falcon '' instead .
 Just flat out boring . I tried to follow , but just could n't . It was an attempt by the producers to impress me with the Los Angeles 1950 's style atmosphere , and I 'm just not impressed.Storyline was bad also.How 's that for a short and sweet review . Unlike many reviews on Amazon , this one did n't take 20 minutes to think out and it told you what to expect right away.Time to move on .
 Lots of great actors labour with a terrible plot and dialogue that does n't make sense . Chinatown was mysterious , it stayed with you for months afterward . Two Jakes is boring - it took three trys to sit through the whole movie . My question was - can I leave now and come back later ?
 This sequel to Chinatown must be one of the most disappointing films I have ever seen . It is badly written , badly directed -LRB- by star Jack Nicholson -RRB- , and contains bland performances by two of my favorite actors , Nicholson and Harvey Keitel.Spare yourself the agony of wasting 99 cents on renting this turkey and rent the masterpiece Chinatown instead .
 For those of you who found `` The Philadelphia Story '' a witty rom-com about the upper crust will enjoy this film immensely . For those who found it a ponderous bore should avoid `` Holiday '' at all costs . `` Holiday '' is the more excrutiating of the two films with characters even less interesting . Despite their Herculean efforts to breathe life into this inert material neither Cary Grant nor Katharine Hepburn makes you care much about their characters . The fault lies not only with an uninteresting script but also with the lackluster direction of George Cukor , probably the most overrated director this side of Vincente Minnelli . Yawn !!!
 This movie is dissappointing from start to finish . The only character in the whole thing who seems to have any sense is Mr. Seton , the old-ish looking 58 year old father of Linda , Julia , and Ned . The only other highlight of this communist , progressive piece of obvious propaganda is the fact that Cary Grant is very young and handsome , if you can get over his annoying , unconvincing personality and overall lack of social propriety.Thank you .
 I bought this HOPEING -- I would be able to see or learn about My Earp . INSTEAD they mostly talked about other people and just a small mention of My Earp . I did get it in a reasonable time . I WOULD NOT buy this again . I even gave it away . Wasn , t worth watching again .
 THIS MOVIE IS GARBAGE . THE COVER IS MORE ENTERTAINING THAN THE MOVIE , BE LUCKY YOU DONT WASTE ANY MORE TIME THAN YOU ALREADY HAVE WITH THIS MOVIE !! JEREMY ISBELL AND CENTRAL FILM COMPANY MAKE HORRIBLE MOVIES !! GARBAGE !!! blah vomit grosssss
 After a month waiting not received yet !!! Ordered 22nd February 2011Copenhagen , 26th March 2011
 Little disappointed , some stalling when using subtitles , picture hangs a bit , might not like being played on Australian dvds .
 I love Louis L'Amour , especially his epic series
 From the opening scenes where Ma Sackett is poorly acted by Mercedes McCambridge to the final wornout cliche scene where the heroes emerge unscathed by thousands of bullets shot at them to stride manly-man style down main street , this made for TV movie is a waste of time and money . The story jumps haphazardly from plotline to plotline and cuts from some scenes without ever resolving where the scene was headed . A girl in a thin dress and no supplies survives for 2 years in mountains that kill experienced mountain men with sudden snows ! Are you kidding me ? Kid Newton is ridiculous as the arch evil bad guy . Tom Selleck leaves home and heads west without so much as a slicker or bedroll . Glen Ford turns from good guy to bad guy with little or no explanation other than he was a lawyer in New Orleans . Louis L'Amour 's introduction was banal , brief , and boring . I could not believe actors of this quality and experience would allow this movie to be released . They were obviously gathered for their star power , thrown together in a hastily and poorly written screen adaptation of two pretty good books , and mis-directed by Robert Totten . Shame on all of them !
 I am a big fan of Tom Selleck and Sam Elliott . I bought this DVD because of them and the glowing reviews . I have to say that I did n't enjoy this one at all for many reasons.I watched the first hour before I gave up on it and did not find one scene to be memorable or engrossing . The characters were all stereotypes with no real development to make them real . Tom Selleck 's character lacked all the touches that made his other characters special . The plot was typical cowboy cliches . The soundtrack was loud , extremely dated , and annoying.I could sit and watch all eight hours of Lonesome Dove at one time or a dozen hours of Deadwood . I did n't even bother to finish watching this and I do n't feel like I missed anything . If it had been good enough to keep watching , I would have given it two stars.Oh well , back to Quigley Down Under , Crossfire Trail , and Monte Walsh for me .
 I can not understand these raving reviews . The comparison to Lonesome Dove makes me almost as queasy as this series . The acting by Sam Eliot was over the top . Lifetime relationships were formed and broken in minutes over the most trivial of things . The character played by Tom Selleck loses a wife and is tomcatting in the next five minutes.I did not know whether to laugh or cry with the cardboard characters portrayed by the mother and the dumb blond Selleck fell in love with . The ending was lame and anti climatic . Veteran actors such as Glen Ford/Slim Pickens/John Vernon/etc reduced to Monty Python status . Did these people really see westerns such as Lonesome Dove or Broken Trail or Unforgiven or The Outlaw Josey Wales or The Good , The Bad and the Ugly , just to name a few ??? I honestly feel these `` reviewers '' were blind or bought . You should have partial stars as this series does not even rate one.I want my money back .
 Good acting . But the story is incoherent . As reviewer D. Larsen `` Steve '' said this DVD was not the full length version ! What was Warner Home Video thinking when they released a non-full-length version ? They have ruined a good movie.What a waste of my time and money .
 i got this for my dad caus he loves louis l'amour and the sacketts but it was like the tv version where it would act like it was going to comercial then come back on ? i was frustrated ! ... i can not get to mad cause i never read to see if it was edited for tv or something i dont know ?
 This was not the complete series . Editing left a major hole in the story line . I would strongly suggest getting the full length version .
 If I told you I had a western based on Louis L'Amour books starring Glenn Ford , Ben Johnson , Tom Selleck and Sam Elliott with Slim Pickens and Jack Elam as supporting actors you 'd think you 'd found yourself a piece of cinematic gold . Well , you 'd be dead wrong in the case of `` The Sacketts . `` Sam Elliott is the eldest Sackett brother who is living in Purgatorie , a piece of God-forsaken mountainous wasteland in what must be northern New Mexico . Tom Selleck and Jeff Osterhage are two younger brothers who become cowhands and later sherriff and deputy of Santa Fe . The two plotlines interact only twice - once to hand the Ben Johnson character off from Tom Selleck to Sam Elliott -LRB- Johnson is great , as always , playing second fiddle and making every scene he 's in better -RRB- and in the climactic fight scene that ends the movie.The Sam Elliott plotline is the best -LRB- being the most coherent -RRB- , although it often has long stretches of Sam Elliott crossing rivers , climbing rock faces or cooking . To his credit , Elliott manages to make these interesting.The Tom Selleck plotline is herky-jerky at best even though it has the lions share of the screen time . It feels like the whole plot was hacked apart to fit into a certain time frame . The special featurette of the DVD mentions that the script was originally 6 hours , which may explain the problem . I do n't know if the 6 hour production was ever made or if it was just very poorly edited afterwards , but the Selleck thread suffers badly . Too bad , because the Glenn Ford character is perhaps the most interesting in the movie , but his motivations are not explained well at all.The climax fight scene is well done but rendered almost laughable at the end by having the Sacketts and the Ben Johnson character strut down the main street side after the fight in the type of scene that was already cliche when John Wayne was a newbie.I only recommend this one for diehard fans .
 I 've had this video for several years , and watched it again last night , after a break of about a year . I am a die hard fan of both Louis L'Amour books , and western movies , and thought a Louis written movie with this strong a cast would be totally first class.Wish I could say it was . It 's too long by about a third , which gives it a plodding , almost boring feel in places . It 's obvious why this excessive padding had to happen . This was a TV project , not a theatrical movie , and they had to make it long enough to cover two nights viewing . With a few exceptions the actors seem to be pretty much just going thru their paces , waiting for somebody else to seize the moment . The one exception to this was Glenn Ford - he did a superb job . Of the other actors , Sam Elliot was probably the most believable.The movie is very predictable for the most part . The obligatory love interests for all 3 Sacketts , for example . Then there is the final showdown
 I never received this DVD . DVD legacy did not ship the item however they charged my credit card . DVD Legacy would not respond to my inquiries . Amazon never offered to help .
 Ordered this and it never showed up , as usual Amazon made things right with a quick refund
 This is the hairiest western ever ! Never before has there been so much wet chest hair in a wash tub with dry ice ... as in the scene where the brothers bathe together . -LRB- Ooooooo ... kinky ! -RRB- . And what is up with the dry ice . Are they supposed to be bathing in boiling water?This sums up this whole never-ending joke of a western . Lame TV at its best ... which means do n't bother ... unless you like real hairy cowboys !
 It was very painful to watch such talented actors stumble around in this film . The acting and dialogue were pitiful . Do n't waste your money . No matter how much you love the actors , not even a die-hard fan can appreciate this film .
 This DVD talks about the names of the pool table and rules for 8-ball and 9-ball . Its is very basic , with nothing about how to make a hand grip , stroke , english , bank shoots , and not even some pointers on aiming . Seems like this could be presented in 15 min followed by 45 min of SOMETHING , but there is no meat in there .
 Well produced . Well shot . Well `` acted '' . Very scant on teaching . I had to rewind to make sure I did not somewhat skip the explanation on how or where to aim . No more than 1 sentence is given to the subject . Only useful if you want to learn - in a hurried manner - the name of the elements , and -LRB- some of -RRB- the rules of 8 and 9 ball . A good DVD pool primer is still missing .
 I agree with everything in the `` Too Kind '' review . The contents of this DVD could easily fit into a couple of chapters of a basic billiards book . If you are just starting out , and I mean JUST starting out , this DVD has about $ 5 worth of good information .
 This video will teach you things like a pool table has 6 pockets / holes , the white ball is called the cue ball and you use this to hit the other balls , and the basic rules of 8 and 9 ball -LRB- which you can find on the internet for free -RRB- . If you read this review , I just saved you $ 20 .
 This was a total waste of money . It was like watching soft porn !!!
 No one can start to learn to play billiards to looking this video ... Waste of money .
 This movie must not be confused with the earlier Bud Spencer comedy , `` They Called Him Bulldozer '' . This movie here is one of those that came out after Bud Spencer stopped acting in comedies . I guess I 'm not used to Bud Spencer not doing so . It 's a case of an actor acting in plenty of one genre of films , and then suddenly in another . In these Bud Spencer as private investigator Jack Costello movies , I have difficulty hearing what Bud Spencer says . But , not in the earlier comedies . I wonder why . I think one lot is dubbed.The film still has a good story , showing what hidden atrocities there could have been in the Vietnam War , and resultant vengeances .
 I bought this dvd at a local store because I do like the film.unfortunatly the video hangs up at the layer change.I exchanged it twice for a grand total of three copies and always had the same problem ... So I cant recommend it till its remastered , -LRB- SE etc. . . -RRB-
 Not impressed with the picture quality at all . Unfocused , grainy , just not what I expected . I have a lot of old movies on blu-ray so I know what a good one should look like . Better than DVD quality but not by much . Disappointing .
 Just like Arie Socorro , I had the same problem on the picture freezing on that particular chapter . You have to skip to the next chapter to get it going . Other than that this movie is great
 I loved `` Piont Break '' ever since the day it came out in theatres . I own it on the VHS but it was not Widescreen . When the DVD came out I thought how great it would be to finally see this film the way it was meant to be seen , Widescreen . But when I got the DVD I noticed the horror of what has been done to it . This version is NOT Widescreen , it is not even the cropped version we saw on the VHS . The picture is just CUT even further and added with `` black bulks '' on top and bottom to CHEAT the Widescreen effect . The picture is so much CUT DOWN that sometimes it 's not even clear what is going on . Buying this DVD is like paying to watch only 40 % of the film . This is bad , SHAME on the people at FOX HOME VIDEO . Do n't buy this DVD ... seeing it like this is going to ruin the experience and this great film . They should make a real Widescreen/Especial edition to do the justice that this great action film deserves .
 I 'm a die hard fan of Ms. Bigelow 's films , specially this one . I 've been expecting it 's release ever since DVD 's been out ! , but for starters
 This film is very , very silly . Fair enough if the viewer wishes to see a film that has not even a tenuous link to reality . Poorly made , poor attention to detail -LRB- real life representation -RRB- and sloppy continuity that is inexcusable in a movie of this budget.My advice to those that go gooey at the mention of Swayze and Reaves ... . Do your self a favour and buy a poster , and watch that for a couple of hours instead .
 I love this film , and I just recently picked up a PS3 to enjoy BLURAY movies and such . However due to the quality of -LRB- wink wink -RRB- digitally remastered transfers only HALF of the SMALL amount of films I want to watch on BR are worth seeing , this is NOT one of them sadly . This looks no better than the last DVD release . Ive seen MUCH older and cheaper made movies come out looking better on BR ... me sad
 I 'm a Point Break fan . It 's one of the best `` bad '' movies out there , so I was pumped when it finally came out on DVD . Unfortunately , it is a total ... . Everyone loves to watch their favorite movies in letterbox , because it gives you the opportunity to view the full movie as opposed to the scan made to fit the VHS format . In the case of Point Break however the letterbox format was achieved by cropping the top and bottom off of the vhs scan . So , not only do you not get the full feature film , you do n't even get the VHS view of the film . It 's claustrophobic . There are scenes in this DVD that do n't even makes sense , parts of people 's faces are cut off . DO NOT BUY THIS -LSB- junk -RSB- !!! The picture is sharp , but it 's like watching the movie through a keyhole !!!
 Fox Home Video messed up again ... Like they did with their European release of Point Break released a year ago . I am a huge Point Break fan and I know this movie by heart . . I know every detail . So when I bought the DVD I thought something was missing , so I dug out my old Point Break on VHS -LRB- 4:3 format -RRB- ... NOOOO !! WHAT HAVE THEY DONE !!! THOSE INCOMPETENT ... . They had actually cut approx . 1/3 of the movie format by adding black lines to make it look like Wide screen enhanced ... Again ... Like they did with the European version . Do NOT buy this crap !!! If somebody at FOX reads this , Can I please have my money back ?
 all the dvd is , is the vhs version with the top and bottom cut off on the screen.i rented the vhs and dvd together one day and found once you get passed the widescreen intro that the vhs version actually shows more of the movie . the dvd is the full screen version with the top and bottom removed!this is ridiculous . go rent it yourself and see .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! Waited for it to come out on Blu-ray and was really looking forward to seeing this in HD , but unfortunately the quality is only DVD quality , so a waste to buy it on Blu-ray if you already have it on DVD . -LRB- viewed on a 60 '' HDTV -RRB-
 this movie dose n't show the true meaning of the sport of surfing . . it was 1 of the worst surf want to be movies ever . .
 This is a relatively fast-paced , no-brainer action flick . The trouble is in the details . Many , many details.The 1st & biggest problem in my view is where are they ? Oh sure , the script says Southern California , but I lived in SoCal for over 25 years -LRB- I was living there when this was released to theatres -RRB- & I can tell you that there are NO beaches like that anywhere in California . The waves are large & tubular . There are very few surfers on them . The sand is empty of onlookers . There is vegetation nearly to the water . The movie supposedly takes place during August & September -LRB- the hottest months in SoCal -RRB- , yet the surfers are all wearing wetsuits . Trust me , NO surfers would wear wetsuits at that time of year.Bodhi -LRB- Patrick Swayze -RRB- lives on the beach in a rather large cottage . With no neighbors . Assuming -LRB- as a bank robber -RRB- he could afford a beach house , believe me , there are simply no isolated ` shacks ' anywhere in SoCal . Another ` little ' detail gone wrong.It was nice seeing Anthony Keidis -LRB- lead singer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers -RRB- in a cameo role as a hot-headed surf nazi beating up on Keanu Reeves ' character , but Keanu himself runs the gamut of emotions from A to B. Just like all his other films . Patrick Swayze does what he can with Bodhi , but the mis-casting is obvious from the start.Final verdict ? If you must see this film , rent it first . Trust me on this .
 The dvd did not ever work after 2 returns and a replacement . What was even more ironic , I was charged for the shipping . I will never purchase another dvd and/or cd from you , unless , maybe it is something I just can not locate in my local area .
 This movie is so freakin ' lame ! Keanu continues his streak of forgettable and unbelievable roles as FBI agent Johnny Utah . Besides the stupidity of that name , his acting is so reminiscient of his role in `` Bill and Ted 's '' that I actually watch it when it 's on TV just to laugh at the plot lines and dialogue . Are we really supposed to believe that he ended his career as the Ohio St. QB , went to law school and finished at Quantico within the time frame they purport in the movie ? Uh , no . When they 're surfing at night after that really great football game on the beach -LRB- ... yeah , it really looks like he was a college QB in those scenes ! -RRB- there are at least two sequences where you can see the sun on the horizon , yet this was supposed to be at night ? Poor . Oh , and he followed Swayze all over Mexico , Sumatra and Fiji , but still found time to surf `` every day ? '' Come on ! `` Vaya con Dios , '' Keanu . Your acting stinks and so does this movie ! Good thing the movie also had Anthony Kiedis of Red Hot Chili Pepper fame , too . He did a good job of making faces like he was either constipated or stupid .
 I 'll go out on a limb here as probably the ONLY person who totally loathed this movie . Let 's see ... it was annoyingly predictable from beginning to end , poorly acted -- and that 's saying something for Keanu Reeves , and the `` action '' sequences , if they can be called that , were uninspiring at best . I 'm not sure where all the described adrenalin rushes were coming from , but you 'd have to be painfully wound up already to get them from this flick . About the only redeeming thing about his picture -LRB- if you 're a woman , anyway -RRB- is seeing Mr. Reeves looking fairly buff . The only reason I give this a star at all is because you ca n't get out of the review field without one . This is n't a good `` bad '' movie , it 's just plain bad .
 This was a horrible movie to say the least . I was greatly disappointed . It was highly immoral and most of the people hardly had any clothes on . Besides that kind of stuff , the movie portrayed the rebellious , thieving bad guys as the good guys . By the end of the movie , you actually started to feel sorry for the bad guys.Not worth anyone 's time .
 It was n't a good movie . It is n't for kids . The movie had a lot of things that did n't need to be show and played .
 Do n't get me wrong ... I like Keanu , I like Patrick , but this is one of the worst movies ... EVER . I know Keanu can act - I 've seen him do it , I just do n't know why he did n't in this movie . I also know Lori Petty can act , but again ... she chose not to . Worst dialogue ever , worst portrayal of surfers ever ... many , many `` worst ever '' trophies go to this movie . If you want to see Keanu in action , watch Constantine , and skip this aweful movie .
 Generally unbelievable film about a man 's dissolution and redemption . Jeff Bridges does a magnificent job with the material ; unfortunately , Robin Williams is miscast as a crazy person -LRB- who has gone crazy by an act that was precipitated by Jeff Bridges ' character -RRB- . Williams should have played his part with some degree of complexity , but all that comes out is tics and showiness . What a shame . The script is uneven , in parts very insightful and in other places simply stupid -LRB- the dinner with the four main characters is just awful -RRB- . If a the movie and therefore the script had been shortened by 30 minutes , the movie would have been much better . As it is , the unbelievability overwhelms whatever good points the movie has . Too bad .
 You know ... I * like * Terry Gilliam . And I expected a lot from this movie . But I have to say , after seeing it twice , that I do n't like it very much . It does n't so much strike me as whimsically zany and uplifting as it strikes me as * trying * to be whimsically zany and uplifting . Of course being a work of Gilliam , it has some real style , but it comes off to me as a terribly self-indulged film , that is struggling to convey a positive and humane message , yet at the same time undercutting itself with its own poor attempts at humor . There is a scene about half into the movie in which Jeff Bridges is re-establishing himself , and he is in a meeting with a TV executive , who tells him that he will be starring in a sitcom about homeless people . He describes the project as portraying them as `` wacky and fun , '' with a touch of wisdom , and putting the emphasis on the fact that they are `` free . '' I * think * it is supposed to be ironic , but at the same time , that exactly is what The Fisher King spends a good deal of its time doing -- portraying the homeless and insane as wacky and fun , with an underlying wisdom . Real homeless people are not like the people in this film . Nor are `` crazy people '' nearly as amusing and inspiring as the crazy people as depicted here . Gilliam wants to make us laugh , and wants to deliver a fairly heavy-handed cry for humanitarianism and inner freedom at the same time , but the ways in which he tries to achieve either goal contradict each other and leave me with the feeling that , stripped of its pretentions of being `` uplifting , '' this is really a rather tasteless film . I 'm not someone who is particularly offended by such things , but these factors just sort of leave the whole film in a dubious place for me . A lot of the humor just struck me as awkward , and the dramatic situations were difficult to get into too seriously because there is such an abundance of wackiness surrounding it . I think the Fisher King is a poorly balanced and only mildly entertaining film . I also feel an excruciating amount of self-indulgence here . Oftentimes I like directors who are described as self-indulgent -- including Gilliam -- but in this movie that self-indulgence seems boorish , even if it is well-intended . The film has no solid context -- it wavers between heavy-handed melodrama , social commentary , and general wackiness too frequently and steeply . Yes ... the more I analyze this film to myself , the more I feel it is a real mess . Fairly good performances , and plenty of visual style , but ... a mess .
 This movie has a few poignant lessons borrowed from Arthurian legends and the Don Quixote story -- but read the originals instead of wasting time on this slow-moving film that is mostly filler between a few good scenes . By the time the Jeff Bridges character broke into the castle to steal the Grail , I no longer cared if he made it or what would happen if he brought it to Robin Williams.Good performances by Jeff Bridges and Mercedes Rhuel , just wish they 'd had better material to work with . Robin Williams plays the type of character we 're familiar seeing him do -- zany , devil-may-care , society 's - opinion-be-damned guy who tries too hard to make you love him .
 The Fisher King is a disappointing myriad of chaotic film sequences , uninspiring characters , and a deliberately meaningless title . It mixes random delusion/fantasy sequences in a pale attempt to feign creativity . Viewers seeking a sensible , straightforward plot will be sorely disappointed . Viewers who prefer creative/fantasy movies will likely be insulted by this poor attempt to fill their needs . The Fisher King 's only value is that of a poor abstract painting ; people can look at it and pretend to each other that they `` understand the deeper meaning '' . This film is about as deep as a cookie sheet .
 Yes , I do like art films , non-mainstream films , thought-provoking films - and for those who are still wondering , I am no fan of action or classic hollywood formulas etc. . Thus what I have to say is not based on any heartbreak over lack of action or cheesy romance or a simple linear storyline.No , the real problem is that this movie takes on a number of contemporary topics -LRB- such as homelessness , urban isolation , depression , existential ennui , inflammatory talk-radio , ... yes the list is lo . . ng -RRB- mixes them up with a dash of -LRB- obviously labored -RRB- enigma and a generous serving of shock-value items -LRB- violence , language , nudity , meaningless scenes - Robin Williams obliges competently here -RRB- and serves them up with the suggestive lure of slightly non-traditional cinematography -LRB- odd angles and extreme close-ups of faces , lips - also overdone -RRB- - with the hope that perhaps the pseudo-artsy segment will fall for these gimmicks -LRB- and forget that there is really no depth , no original thoughts or insights whatsoever -RRB- and hail it as another great , maverick production . -LRB- And judging from the nominations , the ploy worked ! -RRB- Yes , I like Robin Williams and that is why I fell for it - yet that could n't alter a fundamentally flawed movie that 's trying to exploit our interest in these `` deeper human topics/issues '' . Great acting -LRB- even if I were to concede that -RRB- can not cover-up for a pointless , phony script.In summary , DO NOT waste your money -LRB- and more importantly TIME -RRB- on this one - even if you can see it for free!Regards all.P.S . There is a difference between being creative/unconventional for the benefit of gaining unique perspectives leading to new connections/insights - and being `` creative/zany '' for the sake of it i.e. to get attention and fuel our narcissism . It 's good to be able to tell the difference .
 I went to see this film when it was released in England and it was the most boring 2 hours of my life . I would recommend that you do n't watch this film . Sorry for being so negitive but i do n't want other people to suffer like I did .
 This is one of my favorite movies , and definitely my favorite of Terry Gilliam 's . That is the reason I was very disappointed in this Blu Ray release that is nothing but a straight transfer from DVD at best with no extras whatsoever . Wait for a decent release . I would give it one star , but I actually love this movie and could n't bring myself to do it ...
 I * nearly * hated this film . I am a former film student , current film lover , reader , researcher , and all-around film nerd . But I just did not connect one iota with this dismal movie . I love BRAZIL and TWELVE MONKEYS , and enjoy much of Terry Gilliam 's other work . But what in the heck IS this ? There is ` good wierd ' -LRB- BRAZIL -RRB- and then ' -LSB- bad -RSB- wierd ' of which this film is one example . The story seems tied together in only the loosest meaning of the word . The relationships and coincidences just had me saying `` COME ON ! '' . The film seems rambling and disjointed-maddeningly so . I also found the murder scene to be horribly jarring and unecessarily grotesque . Yeah , that 's my idea of a good time ... So flame me if you will , but this film is garbage . I did n't even have the opportunity to be engaged in it , it bored me so . Robin Williams in the buff . Ugh , ok . Not my idea of great film making . I kept searching for some greater idea or POINT -LRB- ! -RRB- to tie everything together and I did n't find it . Granted , I only saw the film once , but if it is so bad that I have no desire to ever see it again-even for the sake of figuring it out , then a one star rating is more than appropriate . Sorry folks , this ai n't what it 's cracked up to be . I do n't mind being depressed by a film if there is some point to it all , but here ...
 I ordered this product as a Christmas gift and the DVD did not work . I returned it , ordered another one , and the second one did not work . I would not recommend this DVD .
 When I try to play the DVD , it is `` wrong region . '' Does n't work at all !
 This review is based on Volume 1 of this Television Classics set of 3 volumes in total.The title says BETTY BOOP 8 FULL LENGTH EPISODES 8 SHOWS ON 1 DVD . If you are like me , then you 'll be under the impression you are getting 8 Betty Boop cartoons . This is NOT so ! The first 5 are indeed Boop but the last 3 are various other cartoons . This DVD contains :1 Henry - Betty leaves Henry in charge of her pet shop2 Another Little King - The King joins Betty in her show3 No ! No ! No ! A Thousand Times No ! - Someone attempts to woo Betty away from Freddie4 Making Stars - Betty showcases future stars in her show5 Is My Palm Read - Betty visits the fortune teller6 Parrotville Old Folks - A cartoon about parrots7 Happy Harmonies - An MGM cartoon about Spring8 A Day At The Zoo - An a.a.p Merrie Melodies cartoon -LRB- Incidentally , this was the funniest out of all on this DVD -RRB- This is a basic DVD that comes in a cardboard sleeve -LRB- i.e. no artwork -RRB- , also there is no real ` Menu ' to speak of ... it just leads in to the list of the 8 cartoons . There is no ` Play All ' option so you have to play each one individually . The sound is crisp and clear and the picture is as clear as it can be considering the age of the films . You DO however get the `` film look '' - the hairlines and black dots that appear from time to time throughout old films . Gives it that nostalgic feeling I think.I decided to place this on here because considering that I felt cheated of 3 cartoons , I ca n't imagine it will be better on the second or third DVDs . Hope this helps .
 The title of this DVD is misleading . Of the eight cartoons , only the first five are Betty Boop . The other three are irrelevant . The quality of the picture is poor .
 I Love John Wayne . My favorite actor of all time . This movie is a joke . Cant understand what the producer and director were thinking . John Wayne looks lost in this role !
 The action scenes with the burning oil wells were top notch and quite the spectacle and the humor came off well , but beyond that the film kinda sagged . It really suffered when the Duke was not onscreen . I found myself fast forwarding through those scenes . It was good to see Duke in a more contemporary film and his performance/character was right on par with what you 'd expect from the man . Well worth seeing for the special effects on the five or so oil fires but I feel it would collect some dust on my shelf .
 I found the film was poorly directed and photographed . It didnt have a good flow to it . The Duke saves an otherwise poor movie .
 Universal ruins a fun movie with this sloppy DVD which provides a non-anamorphic version of the movie and without much cleaning up of the image . Spend a little more for the John Wayne collection which has the proper anamorphic version of this fine film .
 Well , Mr. Wayne , you would have done better to make an hour-long TV special about the real Red Adair instead of this `` tribute '' which is a fiction that comes off as pretty darn boring . The only really exciting part was when the team simultaneously put out three oil well fires set by revolutionaries while snipers were trying to stop them . I think that was in Venezuela.There is a love interest with minor complications . Chance Buckman -LRB- Wayne -RRB- was married , but his wife -LRB- Vera Miles -RRB- left him 20 years ago because she could n't take the worry . I 'm afraid I 'd just call her cowardly and forget her . But she has a daughter -LRB- beautiful , of course , played by Katherine Ross -RRB- who decides it 's time to look up old dad , and promptly falls in love with his assistant Greg -LRB- Jim Hutton -RRB- . Not much tension there , but mama does eventually go back to papa.Most of the movie is scenes of putting out well fires . They get very dirty , and of course there is risk , but basically , you 've seen one , you 've seen them all . Through this , we 're supposed to feel sympathy for the oil well owners who are -LRB- sob -RRB- losing money while the fire burns . Break my heart , guys .
 This is at least one of the top 5 worst movies I 've ever seen . My parents brought it over , and it 's the first time I 've fallen asleep while they were here in a long time . When I got up my mom yelled at me , because she said I made her stay up and watch that freaky gory dentist movie -LRB- The Dentist 2 -RRB- one time . This movie is supposed to be a comedy and I did n't laugh once . Charlie Sheen is a jackass . I hope his house catches on fire . Jackass # 2 from that awful show Two and a Half Man is also in this movie . This piece of crap is selling on amazon for $ 0.01 and that is way overpriced if you ask me . The best is people left comments like `` extremely funny '' and `` what more could you want ? '' what more I could want is a knife in my penis head instead of ever having to watch just 15 minutes of this again . It even made my dreams suck . I do n't remember what I dreamed , but I woke up with a lot of self doubt .
 Expect no sparkle from stars or script in this remake of the witty comedy classic , which has been repeatedly filmed with varying degrees of success since 1931 . There is no chemistry between the male leads , and Burnette is unspeakably bad in her cameo appearance . Recommendation
 you can find these four movies in many other collections and more besides . the qualty of this disc is just not that good . for a few dollars more you can get a set that has many of his early movies in them , so stick to those .
 The scene with the woman and the bad guys , just could n't watch it and , therefore , made the whole movie seem evil .
 Lee and Lundgren partner up and take down the badguys . . Lundgren gets the girl played by Tia CArerre and then kills the badyguy at the end with the help of Brandon Lee ... bad script . . bad acting . . though Lee gets some few good fight scenes he cant save this one from being a dud ... a dud like Lundgren . . Lundgren cant act is all im saying . . and if you people think so . . your all weird in the head ... Lee 's worst movie . . RENT THE CROW DAMNIT !!! or at least The Legacy Of Rage
 is the worst film that y watched in my life , is as stupid as his characters and his public .
 Summary
 Showdown in Little Tokyo is one of those generic action movies from the early 90 's that is so bad that 's kind of enjoyable to watch as trashy entertainment . What makes it even more enjoyable is the fact that it stars a young Brandon Lee as a wise-cracking cop who teams up with a tough guy cop -LRB- Dolph Lundgren -RRB- to take on a Yakuza drug boss -LRB- Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa -RRB- . Showdown in Little Tokyo features atrocious -LRB- and occasionally funny -RRB- dialogue , tons of cliche story elements -LRB- the bad guy also killed Lundgren 's parents when he was a child -RRB- , sloppy editing , and a training montage to boot ! Tia Carrere has a thankless role as a damsel that gets wooed by Dolph , and the action and fight scenes are a mix of sloppily put together -LRB- the concluding fight during the parade -RRB- to well choreographed -LRB- most of Lee 's sequences -RRB- . All in all , Showdown in Little Tokyo should be unbelievably bad , but it has a sense of charm about it 's comic book-style mayhem , and seeing Brandon Lee work his magic -LRB- there just is n't enough of him here -RRB- is reason enough to see this flick .
 If you 're out to collect all of Brandon Lee 's work , this is an essential . If not , you may want to pass . While the martial arts work is slick , and the dialog is peppered with some good humor , the plot is rather lacking . To top it off , Stephen Glantz -LRB- writer -RRB- has apparently never actually spoken to a woman , because he certainly ca n't write for them . Tia Carrere is utterly wasted -LRB- yes , even for her skills , this is a waste -RRB- in the most unrealistic female character in film . Even her nude scenes are a body double.If your looking for martial arts action you have n't already seen , you could get this one . Just do n't get your hopes up .
 This is a warning to all people , adults and kids
 This 1940 East Side Kids movie is one of the very first in Monogram Pictures ' long-running series -LRB- which eventually became The Bowery Boys -RRB- . These early entries stress rowdyism over comedy routines , so there 's more drama than comedy , but Ernie `` Sunshine Sammy '' Morrison is very enjoyable as the black kid , and Bobby Jordan is enthusiastic as Leo Gorcey 's confidant . In this story , Gorcey wants to be a jockey but he 's secretly afraid of speed , and his stubbornness almost ruins the hopes of his friends . Clarence Muse is excellent as a journeyman horse trainer ; in one charming scene he sings a spiritual without accompaniment , and Morrison jumps up and dances to it . Joseph H. Lewis 's direction gets the most out of the limited budget , by shooting largely outdoors and using careful compositions . Huntz Hall is not in this picture but David Gorcey is , and fans should enjoy seeing him.The source print used on this DVD is a Savoy Pictures reissue of the late 1940s . The first few minutes are missing -LRB- but not essential to the plot ; the print must have been edited by some TV station at one time -RRB- , the image is slightly cropped , and the contrast is only fair . The movie is good enough to overcome the DVD 's technical flaws . If this is your favorite East SIde Kids movie you 'll be a bit disappointed by the print , but you ca n't beat the budget price .
 This is a passable-for-the-price DVD , but looks like a good VHS picture . Obviously a WORN OUT video tape was used as the mastering source for this DVD , there are some glitches & mis-tracking lines that come & go.THE PICTURE IS SOFT!There is also a portion of the opening scene MISSING ! On the Platinum Disc `` EAST SIDE KIDS
 Well , the East Side Boys finally made it out of the haunted mansion inEast Side Kids - Boys of the City -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . They are suppose to be painting a wall in town , but Leo Gorcey has decided he wants to be a jockey . Knuckles -LRB- Dave O'Brien -RRB- and Algy -LRB- Eugene Francis -RRB- must keep an eye on this gang to make sure they finish the job . They made a mess of it , so Knuckles told them to go hide at there old stable hang-out . The boys decide to race a throughbred they own called , Blue Knight . If Seabiscuit could win and make money for everyone , so could Blue Knight . After all , the horse is from Kentucky . Guess who they train to be the stable jockey ? Muggs . The boys are
 That Gang of Mine , 1940 filmA mailman delivers the mail . -LSB- Note the small bag . -RSB- Muggs expects a letter . `` I was only kidding ! '' -LSB- Note the natural lighting in these scenes . -RSB- Will he become a jockey ? The boys try painting their club . They hang out at a stable . Muggs rides a real horse until he fall off ! Its owner tells his story . Knuckles questions Denny about the truck . Can they enter this `` Blue Knight '' into a race ? -LSB- $ 100 was a lot of money then . -RSB- Can they find a backer ? Algy talks to his Dad about this horse . Is he satisfied ? Muggs has to get in shape for the weight requirement . Muggs rides the horse around the track . Sammy dances to a song by Ben . They hope to win the race . `` They 're off ! '' The scenes show a racetrack . Muggs mounts up . The horses race off , people cheer -LRB- as if that could affect the race -RRB- . But `` Blue Knight '' fails to win . Louise says goodbye . A man says the horse needs a better trainer and rider . Morgan will do the job , he gets an experienced jockey who does better . -LSB- Note his riding position . -RSB- Morgan gives information to a gambler , Nick , who has a plan . Morgan trains Muggs as a jockey , but he does n't have the ability . Blackie makes a proposition to Knuckles about easy money , but it is strongly rejected . They guard `` Blue Knight '' at a house . Ben talks to Muggs about the race . Later there is a fire ! -LSB- Dirty tricks to fix the race ? -RSB- Muggs agrees to a replacement . -LSB- A lesson here . -RSB- The race begins -LRB- Jimmy rides `` Blue Knight '' -RRB- . It is a photo finish ! There is a happy result for the boys . Will Muggs choose a new career?This is an early version of what became a long series of low-budget movies . Some parts reflect life in those days . Its not as good as the later movies . The setting at a racetrack must have reflected popular tastes of that era . This movie could have used a better writer and story .
 I purchased this and after the fact find out it can not be streamed and is n't compatible with Mac products even though it clearly state it could be played on Apple . False advertising and a gimmick to get you to part with 1.99 for a movie and then not deliver . I will only watch free movies on here from now on . too much risk involved with purchases made one Amazon !!!
 This guy just `` cans '' Mormonism , as he `` cans '' pretty much every `` faith '' other than his own , whatever that may be . I 'm NOT Mormon and do n't hope to be - but I did expect some sort of unbiased reporting from someone with an `` open mind '' . He professes `` Christianity '' and tells us to keep to the `` straight and narrow '' . But what exactly are HIS own views , and let 's see him review THEM candidly and without bias . He forgets to mention that Christianity -LRB- per se -RRB- has so many `` holes '' in it that we should n't believe ANY of that , either . To each his own , I suppose .
 This movie appears to have no rating but I would n't recommend watching it for those who have any sense of morals and decency and are Christian . The description on the box does give a clue however . It mentions lusty trysts and that is indeed what occurs here . Tadeusz appears to be lusting after Telimena who is in turn is lusting after him . You can see that she gives him the key to her room and in the middle of the night he goes in to her . Just about throughout the whole movie , this Telemina wears about the lowest cut dress she can get away with . Even worse , in one scene the camera zooms in on her bosom to emphasize the lust of Tadeusz and her seductive dress . Here is a woman who is old enough to be his mother . Then this Tadeusz dumps her for the much younger -LRB- 14 year old ! -RRB- Zosia and goes off and marries her in the end . As a Polish-American , I am embarrassed that this is the best that an epic poem by Adam Mickiewicz can produce assuming that the movie is faithful to the book . The family feud is an embarrassment also where the Warden had nothing on his mind but rage and revenge for the Slopica family . This feud leads to almost bloodshed but later there is bloodshed as the Poles and the Russians mindlessly slaughter each because of an insult to the Major of the Russian troops . I gave it one star for its immodesty , otherwise I would have rated it higher . I would give it zeros stars if I could . It seems that movie makers ca n't produce much of anything nowadays if it does n't have sex or violence in it .
 Once again I was fooled into thinking that this dvd would work on my machine ! We live in the United states , why do they offer you things that will only work in Canada or overseas ??? For the money , that 's why !!!! So I still do n't have a dvd of this movie !!! Any sugestions besides move to Canada to view one dvd ????
 Copy of Flirting sent to me was on incorrect zone and will not play.It was on zone 1 , I amm on zone 4
 Young Thandie and Nicole in a boring movie . If you are collecting movies about either actress leave this one out . I would have given it one star but seeing the two acting together is a two star novelty .
 The movie is Hard to Kill , but the story is Hard to Swollow.In this movie , Seagal and his hot new girlfriend go to get revenge for his murdered wife ... Sure.Great action but the story SUCKS !
 Not-so-exciting revenge story starring the ego maniac Steven Seagal . I was upset after watching this one . Seagal 's wife is killed and he 's put in a coma after finding evidence to put away a local mayor . Almost 7 years pass and he awakes to the `` Weird Science '' chick . They beat up a ton of people at a ranch and he embarrasses the bad guy at the end . Typical action movie .
 This movie hurts me to watch it . Steven Segal gets shot up , put in a coma , and then he goes off killing people for revenge . The action is really cheesy , the plot is awful , and the one liners make you want to shoot Segal . Steven Segal ca n't act.Notice how his movies all seem to have three words `` Above the Law '' `` Hard to Kill '' `` Straight to Video '' ... oops.There is a quote in this movie after Steven Segal shoots at a guy 's crotch . `` I missed . I never miss . They must be smaller than I thought . '' This line was a mess up , the correct line is
 This movie starts out well enough . The first fight scene is quick but entertaining . The plot thickens as his family is slain and he is in a coma , unbeknownst of the Bad guys -LRB- they think he died also -RRB- . But while Seagal delivers a strong performance in a poorly directed movie , everything else crumbles . Le Brock , then married to Seagal , is poor as the nurse bringing Seagal back to health so he can clear his name and wallop the bad guys . Bill Sadler is OK as the sinister , power hungry senator , but the movies fight scenes are boring and people are knocked out in unrealistic fashion -LRB- a lot of Glass Jaw Joes in this film -RRB- . Still , it is not a total disaster , if you have an hour and a half to kill ; it beats any Seagal Movie besides Exit Wounds since 1997 .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love these types of films but this one took WAY too long to get going . Once it did nothing great really happened . LOTS of broken wrists and arms but no really interesting action sequences . This director is no substitute for Andrew Davis . From what I 've seen of Seagals movies , I rate Under Seige and Above the Law as his finest moments , and both were under the direction of Andrew Davis ...
 If you can believe that a man can lay in a coma for seven years , suddenly wake up , leave and start kicking -LSB- ... -RSB- , then this is the movie for you . Mr. Seagal has never been much of an actor and in his prime was run of the mill in martial arts ability at best . With Jackie Chan , Jet Li , Chuck Norris and so many other better talents available , there is no reason to waste time with minor leaguers . Steven is to martial arts as K-Fed is to music . I will say however this is not the worst Martial Arts movie I have sat through , that distinction still belong to `` Cracker Jack '' . But this is close .
 This is a wonderful movie , but do not buy this DVD . The technical information omits the publisher , but it 's Mei Ah , a Hong Kong company that produces a number of Kurosawa films . Unfortunately , they seem to add subtitles by translating the Japanese into Chinese and then translating the Chinese into English . The result is some of the worst subtitles I have ever seen . The transfer quality is poor too , but the subtitles are the real killer . If you want to see this movie , get the VHS or wait for somebody like Criterion to publish a high-quality DVD .
 Two and a half hours of god awful , boring , nonsense about tishura mifune trying to get revenge against a corrupt company -- by pretending somebody is dead , marrying the boss 's crippled daughter , and other nonsense , with ruins from ww2 eventually thrown into the mix , to make some pretentious statement.It 's like the crazy stuff Fritz Lang made in Hollywood in the 1930s and 40s -LRB- FURY , THE WOMAN IN THE WINDOW -RRB- -- but directed by Kurosawa!A lot of people are giving this junk a good review just because of the director , and not on the material itself .
 I thought-someone told me that-Ed McBain was the writer of the short story , where the movie was based on.That 's why I bought it.I did not find any confirmation or clue on this.Can anyone help me , I am intriged.Thanks.P.S.Movie is OK . if you like this japanese form of art .
 I ca n't believe the other reviewers were reviewing the same dvd . This is a great movie , do n't get me wrong . It 's Kurasawa , after all . My one star is for the people at Mei Ah who put out this dvd . Whoever did the subtitle translation did not speak English well enough to graduate from a level one ESL class . The subtitles are truly terrible , sometimes bizarre , and I thought at times I was dreaming I was watching a Monty Python skit . Alas , I was not ; this was for real . Such a shame .
 This is a rather low buget edcation dvd witch I found rather hard to falow . I recamend getting a live teacher , A dvd can only go so far .
 The woman in this video is so boring , the information was good but I literally fell asleep while playing this video . Video quality is also very low , made in the 70 's , if that . There are far better lessons out there . Keep looking .
 This is one of the least inspired and entertaining mysteries I 've encountered in years . The plot is ridiculously complex -LRB- and silly -RRB- , the camera work is irritating , the hero is a raunchy oaf , and the writer has badly confused Anglo-Catholicism with Catholicism in his portrayal of an English church . Even the quality of the picture is not that great . Stay away from this one .
 This video was a disappointment . It begins by showing several exercises with about five reps each . It then shows each exercise done for 15 reps then 12 reps then 8 reps , the next exercise , 15 , 12 , 8 , the next , 15 , 12 , 8 and on and on , and all from the same camera angle . Much better would be to introduce an exercise with about five reps , show it from the side then from the back . Show it a couple of more times pointing out specific parts of form that should be observed , `` make sure to do this , do that , do the other '' . Then show it a few times done wrong , `` do n't do this , do n't do that , and do n't do this other '' . Having done this they could then instruct the viewer to do each exercise for 15 reps , then 12 , then 8 . Here they offer five minutes of information crammed into an hour video .
 you might think there would be some legitimate weightlifting advice here . nick evans is in good shape , after all , so his advice should be great , right?the video only deals with the absolute basics of 14 or 15 exercises , and rushes through 3 workouts that use those exercises.the total runtime of this video is about 50 minutes . it 's much to short to explain either proper technique or a thorough routine.actually , i would say technique is much more important than putting a routine together . and here , the video not only fails to deliver , but some of the information and the way the exercises are performed is just downright wrong . please please please do n't try to do squats and shoulder presses the way shown in the video!get starting strength by mark rippetoe if you 're a beginner .
 OK , its very obvious that this film would n't stand for the quality of plot , acting , etc. . The whole thing about this kind of films is the fighting choreographys . The ones in this movie are pretty outdated . I was bored watching them . This film is recommended for die-hard van Dame fans or nostalgics of the 80 's martial arts films . By the way , i did n't buy that this story is true . Well , i did when I was a teenager . Just because Hollywood says its true , one should n't have blind faith . I guess in the 80s it was easier to say this kind of lies than now that we have the internet . How many times do we have to see martial art `` teachers '' claiming to be involved in the past with secret operations forces ? They 're not only in the phone book promoting their gyms , they 're also in the entertainment world
 All right ... in this genre of film , the only saving grace is usually the choreography . The acting almost always bites , the stories are unoriginal , and the characters are just too cheesy for words.But this movie had some of the worst fight choreography I 've ever seen.I 'll admit that I 'm a fan of the old school , but there are several `` modern '' chop-socky flicks I like - `` Revenge of the Ninja , '' most of Jackie Chan 's 80/90 's work ... heck , even the first `` Lethal Weapon '' counts -LRB- the end fight does , at least -RRB- . But this movie really sucked . Truly . ESPECIALLY the fight scenes.Now , I hate it when they speed the film up to make the moves look faster , but these guys were moving WAY too slow and the movements were simply NOT REALISTIC . So Bolo 's winning the fight , and suddenly , he ca n't put up a guard against a flying spin kick?huh?Van Damme 's movies generally bite anyway , but this one was just atrocious.Probably his best one to date is `` Kickboxer . `` But this `` classic '' should n't be preserved ... just let it rot like the garbage it is .
 This movie , like many Van Damme movies , is the touching tale of a dim-witted kickboxer who thinks he is a martial artist and often takes of his shirt , pours oil on himself , and jump kicks people while grunting loudly.Actually , all Van Damme movies are like this , not just many.The movie is about a martial arts tournament where people from around the world come to compete and try to win the prize , which is something I forgot . It is probably run by a super-evil vaguely Asian guy with mob connections . I have n't seen the movie in a while , but I know a super-evil Asian guy controls the tournament because EVERY martial arts tournament in movies is run by a super-evil Asian guy with mob connections , and Van Damme movies are n't known for being very original.The movie features the really huge muscular guy from Enter The Dragon . I think his name is Bolo , but that could be his real name , his name in Enter the Dragon , or his name in Bloodsport . Anyway , immediately after someone smashes a brick in his presence , he says `` Very Good . But Bricks do n't hit back . '' -LRB- or something very similar -RRB- , which is a quote from Enter the Dragon . I can see quite easily how this line made it 's way into the movie.WRITER # 1
 You do n't watch a Van Damme movie for the acting , which is truly awful here . You watch a Van Damme movie for the fight scenes . And this movie is very disappointing , with its unrealistic , almost comical fight scenes . Why does the Van Damme character bellow like an idiot after he strikes his opponent ??? All martial arts teach the fighter to yell , or breathe , as he hits the target ! A bad , bad movie and time-waster . Save your money and time !
 i orded a dvd from gohasting i wanted to return it n when i called them back to have my money refuned they refuse to give it back they will lie to u n take your money i dont recommend anyone to buy anything from them .
 How nave were we back in the day . When this came out every wan na be tough guy was mimicking it . Then the Ultimate fighting Championship came around and showed us all how useless spinning round kicks were . Once you see a real fight , you just watch these fight sequences and just shake your head and wonder how they could destroy such a great true story . The true story of Frank Dux sounds very interesting , but his name will be forever attached to the now has been that is Jeanne-Claude Van Damme . Most of us wish that Jeanne-Claude 's only role was the role of Predator in a blue body suite that they would basically blur out and show only the tracers . He only did that role for one day then quit . I imagine he wanted to K.O. his agent after booking him for that role . Ironically , many people including myself believe that this was his best role . Talk about depressing . Peaking your career at arguably the lowest point of cinima .
 I have quite a few van Damme films and this is by far the worst . Even though the story is based on real-life , it is predictable right from the start . There is nothing new in the action which comprises most of the film and some of the sequences have been badly shot - e.g. one backwards roundhouse kick clearly misses by a good inch , the victim 's reaction is clearly delayed by a fraction of a second and , despite the obvious miss , the blood still flows . The Federal agents on van Damme 's trail are pathetic and the female reporter , who looks as out of place as a bucket of manure at a wedding , is not believable and the FBI/press part of the story is boring in the extreme . I have seen van Damme confront his final opponent in ` Double Impact ' -LRB- also played in Hong Kong ! -RRB- and that was a much , much better example of the skills involved and there was at least some credibility in the story . I admit that van Damme 's physical prowess is hard to follow , but he should not have downgraded himself by performing in this film .
 Not bad work from Arnold & VanDamme . Follows the usual predictable martial arts movie plot -LRB- really , we would n't expect anything less ! -RRB- . I am however fascinated that reviewers , et al still write about the events on this movie being based upon the `` real life '' experiences of Frank Dux . Dux has long been discredited as a liar and fake , both as a martial artist -LRB- Dux was never in a `` kumite '' competition -RRB- , and as a military `` hero '' -LRB- never in the CIA , and was only in the Marines for 6 mos. , & never left the U.S. during the Vietnam era -RRB- , see LA Times Valley edition , May 1 , 1988 article `` Ninja
 This one had a few funny lines in it , however most of it has been seen before . If you want to see a really good one from Ken Davis , get the Bananas one . It is great ! I do not recommend this one .
 Terrible script , I only laughed during the nitrous oxide scene , The rest of the movie was so dull and boring . I almost fell asleep . What a waste of talent .
 This movie of a bumbling policemean -LRB- Jimmy Fallon -RRB- and a go-getter taxi driver -LRB- Queen Latifah -RRB- sounds good when you read the blurb.The movies has its moments , especially when Queen Latifah appears on the screen . But , on the whole the movie does not deliver what it promises in the blurb . I would not recommend this movie . See the movie if you have no other options when you go to rent it at your local video store .
 A genre bridging feature -LRB- comedy-action-sexploitation -RRB- where a hapless NYC cop teams with a fast-driving mouthy cabbie to chase four leggy foreign supermodels robbing banks . Very little of the comedy works , the action sequences would have been great in 1970 but the advent of digital effects takes most of the thrill out of this kind of stuff -LRB- if they are totally fake who cares -RRB- , and the sexploitation is a teasing afterthought.The failure to deliver on the sexploitation part is especially curious because it would have been the easiest of the three to get right . They certainly promoted that angle but the models are only on the screen for about 4 % of the running time and even then are mostly in nonflattering disquises -LRB- the second unit probably shot all their stuff in one weekend before INS deported them -RRB- . The brainlessness of the producers in this regard rivals Pamela Anderson 's awful `` Barbwire '' where she was dressed in sexy black outfits only to be filmed entirely in shadows . And they wonder why their films lose money . `` Taxi '' wastes no time losing its wheels , they fall off with the opening scene of an `` svelt '' bike messenger -LRB- obviously not Latifah -RRB- racing through the city , finally stopping to remove his helmet to reveal Latifah herself . Insulting your intelligence at the beginning at least lowers your expectations for the rest of the film.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 This movie is American copy of the French comedy Taxi , originally shown in 1998 . The US version has just changed actors and brands of the car , of course . It is funny , though sometimes I had a feeling that the humor is forced to be American funny at any costs . With barely original ideas , it is good for those who like cheap comedies . If you are a movie geek , get a French version of Taxi . It offers you different perspective on racing movies , it is funny , but most of all , IT IS ORIGINAL . -LRB- www.amazon.fr/exec/obidos/ASIN/B0000DD2ZY -RRB-
 i would rather get a root canal without novicane than see this piece of cinematic garbage again ! and i rated it 1 star because there is no zero or negative rating .
 The 2004 US version ` Taxi ' looks almost like a blurred copy of its original , 1998 French comedy of the same title . The original became a hit series , spawning two sequels ` TAXI 2 ' and ` TAXI 3 , ' and this remake . The difference is that the new story is set in New York City , and the taxi driver is played by Queen Latifah , Oscar-nominee of ` Chicago . ` French filmmaker Luc Besson -LRB- who directed ` The Fifth Element ' -RRB- produced both films -LRB- and wrote the original 's script too -RRB- , and let me be honest with you , his writing is far from an original or inspired one , but the original was an often funny buddy-buddy film with one fast MALE driver and one MALE bumbling cop.For American version , which someone thought should be more ethnically-diversed , Latifah plays a NWC taxi driver Bell , into whose car a ` good-cop-but-worst-driver ' Washburn -LRB- SNL 's Jimmy Fallon -RRB- stumbles , in order to chase the four bank robbers . Of course , as he is a bumbling cop , the results are just disasterous ... a bad sign for the film itself.Anyway they will team up to catch them , to redeem his pride and her car -LRB- and perhaps money -RRB- , and we see in the next 90 minutes the bantering between Latifah and Fallon , plus some obligatory love interest from Jenniffer Esposito -LRB- as Fallon 's boss and ex -RRB- , and the guest appearance from Ann-Margret as Fallon 's mom.SO many formulas , you might say . But the original WAS very formulaic , so anyway the director Tim Story -LRB- ` Barbershop ' -RRB- has no chance from the beginning . At least , the original -LRB- which I saw several times -RRB- had used them better way , letting the actors show their likable sides , making the pair very amusing . Though the two leads in the US version are likable and affable enough here too , their characters look more forced and elaborated in New York City . -LRB- Did you see a taxi running like racing car there ? -RRB- The worst thing is , however , the portraits of the bank robbers , whose gun-holding Brazilian supermodel-like characters are way too ridiculous even in this escapist entertainment . And know know , model-turned-actress Gisele Bunschen driving BMW ? Like 100 mph ? Even more embarrassing is a ` body-search ' scene between Esposito and Bunchen , which looks like a footage from pay-per-view TV.Not everything is bad , I say . Car stunts are good though some might think the original did it better . Still , considering the more crowded urban streets , the stunts are as good as the ones in the French one . And the end credits which feature the outtakes are very funny , which means that you have to wait for them to see the funniest part , though.Looking at these recycled materials , I can not help feeling that if someone is holding back the US release of the original -LRB- even on DVDs -RRB- , he does it intentionally to have us see this inferior one . Wait for the release of the French version -- hope they will someday -- which is far better , I can assure you.And M. Besson , please let no more remakes happen . Did you really give OK to remake your noir masterpiece ` La Femme Nikita ' which became ... er ... a weak copycat ` Point of No Return ' ?
 * 1/2Andy Washburn is a thoroughly inept police officer who 's such a bad driver that his very own lieutenant takes his license away from him , leaving him without wheels to do his job in crime-ridden Manhattan . Belle Williams is a newly licensed cabbie , whose absurdly hopped-up taxi Washburn jumps into when he needs to get to the scene of a bank robbery . Together , they become an unlikely crime-fighting duo as they go after a quartet of gorgeous Brazilian criminals who look like they just stepped out of the pages of Vanity Fair or Vogue -LRB- quite possibly the least believable criminals in movie history -RRB- . And if this synopsis does n't sound like the setup for a cinematic disaster to you , you obviously have a much lower threshold for movie comedy than I do.Trapped in a vehicle that is practically a blueprint for how NOT to make an effective comedy , Queen Latifah and Jimmy Fallon have nothing to do for 97 minutes but exchange witless one liners in between highly preposterous and ultimately very boring car chases . Although the two lead actors try their best with what they 've been given , they 're eventually overcome not only by bad writing and by-the-numbers direction but by a bunch of supporting actors who give uniformly dreadful performances -LRB- including a sadly misused Ann Margaret -RRB- . What COULD they all have been thinking of ?
 Dreams and aspirations often indicate what kind of profession a person intends to pursue . In Taxi , which is a remake , the audience gets to follow two people with very different aspirations , one a cab driver and the other a police officer . Belle -LRB- Queen Latifah -RRB- has worked hard over the last five years , as a bike borne delivery woman , to accomplish her goal to become a cab driver . The long and hard work has also affected Belle 's relationship with her boyfriend , as she has been preoccupied with fulfilling her dream . Her dream is to drive her own cab , a boosted Ford Crown Victoria on steroids in superior James Bond style.Police detective Washburn -LRB- Jimmy Fallon -RRB- finds himself being demoted and having his driver 's license suspended by his superior , Lieutenant Robbins -LRB- Jennifer Esposito -RRB- , as a result of a car accident during a stake out . Without a drivers license Washburn is forced to use public transportation , but when he overhears a bank robbery in progress over his portable radio he takes a cab to the crime scene . This cab happens to be Belle 's improved Crown Victoria , and it is about to put her career and relationship on the line while Washburn keeps digging himself a deeper hole.Together Belle and Washburn begin a long uphill road in order to redeem themselves in regards to their professional careers and private lives . This journey takes them through eye-boggling car chases , death defiant stunts , and a couple of lessons in how to drive a car . These dangers are stitched together with slapstick humor and frequent situational jokes in regards to Washburn 's stupidity , insecurities , and inabilities . The humor and jokes are clich&eacute;s from previous unoriginal films , which makes the jokes more mind numbing than humorous . The timing of the jokes seems to be missed , as if the audience knows the punch line before the joke is presented . This makes much of the humor silly , untimely , and overall less funny.Taxi presents some high-speed car chases in New York , but many of them seem to go on forever as if New York City had mile blocks . The bank robbers ' ability to hit targets the size of a quarter in 100 feet distances while moving with a handgun presents a new level of sharp shooter . These marksmen make Sergeant Riggs in Lethal Weapon look like a ten-year-old that still wets the bed . Therefore , these scenes create much awkwardness and it appears that the car chases and the other action scenes were intended to induce some form of suspense , but fail drastically in doing so.The combination of humor and action has been used efficiently before in films such as 48 Hrs . -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Beverly Hills Cop -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , Lethal Weapon -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , and Die Hard -LRB- 1988 -RRB- . In Naked Gun -LRB- 1988 -RRB- the viewers could see parody in action , as it made a mockery of the films made before that brought the audience action , suspense , and comedy through the law enforcement . Taxi attempts to deliver a film that walks on the ground in between the parodies and suspenseful actions , but never accomplishes to give suspense or comedy . And as far as the message of following ones dreams and aspirations , well , it is lost somewhere in the beginning . Overall Taxi offers a cinematic experience with very little true humor and suspense and would even make a nervous person fall asleep . Let us hope that Tim Story does a better job directing his upcoming Fantastic Four , as he did with Barbershop -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
 I have n't seen the original French film this movie was based off of , but I can almost gaurantee that this American-ized remake had the French laughing their butts off all the way to the STOP button on their remote . This is a classic example of America taking something that is n't broken and trying to fix it.Taxi is a rather formulaic comedy that includes car stunts , bikini wearing bank robbers , a supped up taxi , BMW 's , little to almost no comedy and a storyline that allows for little progression or originality.The biggest let down for Taxi was that nearly every single joke or humorous moment fell flat on its face . And the performances from Queen Latifah and Jimmy Fallon -LRB- sadly to say -RRB- were not all that great , probably due to the shallow and boring characters they were cast to play.The only thing going for this movie was the cool car stunts and the angles they were shot at . And for me as a guy , the bank robbers were pretty good to look at too . Those were really the only things that kept this movie at being just a crappy movie and not a completely horrible movie .
 Story is just ok for a brainless comedy , but by GAWD . . that Jimmy Fallon guy is no good comedy actor . He miserably fails to deliver his role to be even remotely funny . I wished they have at least use one of the wayans brothers or any other comedian from SNL . The only person that made me through the entire film was the queen herself -LRB- the 2 stars go to her only otherwise this rating of mine should be no stars at all -RRB- . PRODUCERS ... PLS DO NOT GIVE THE ACTOR ANYMORE ROLES ... we consumers do not want to waste our money too .
 Wow , histerical . Another black-meets-white comedy , full of ridiculously cliched jokes and plotlines . This movie is so lame , the writer should 've punched himself in the face the moment he even considered it . Bang your head against a wall for 2 hours rather than subject yourself to this crapfest .
 With a few funny scenes , Taxi is mostly boring . Ann-Margaret is great , but Giselle irks me . Has it 's good scenes , but it mostly falls flat .
 Who in the world thought Jimmy Fallon would be funny enough to carry a film ? And is n't Latifah a bit overexposed these days ? When you are reduced to making Daewoo jokes , then you know you hit the skids .
 and why are people give lateefa props ?!?!?!? she plays the same role IN EVERY MOVIE SHES IN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WAKE UP AMERICA , YOURE REALLY DUMBING YOURSELVES UP BIGTIME !!!! who i am kidding.the same people impressed with lateefas '' acting '' will surely fall for anything hollywood charges them to see.its sad that movies like this and white chicks get made and actually find people to pay to see it.the end is near !
 I ordered the original French version of this movie and got this version instead , due to the supplier 's mistake . I watched it nonetheless and it was a horrible , painful experience.The screenplay is absolutely rubbish and the comedic timing is ridiculously bad . The skits , humour and jokes are SOOOOO formulaic , that you would have to deliver the lines to perfection for them to work , but Fellon and Latifah fail miserably.If not for Giselle Bundchen this film would not even be worthy of 1 star ! Save your money and rent/buy the French version which is a cult classic .
 I have a friend called Jason o ' Byrne and he loves this film ... i just wanted to say ... Jay this film is REALLY BAD !!! But the models are bleedin animal lookin !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 if they have to '' shut it off '' in order to enjoy their choice of entertainment.should we all start wearing bibs and go '' googoo '' as well ?!?! this is exactly why hollywood releases such trash as this.they are assured of milions of brain-shutter-off ` ers.do these same anti-grey matter force themselves to giggle at the truely corny and cliche ?!?!? '' i need to validate my buying this ticket ... so here goes ... ha -LRB- 1 hour 15 minute gap -RRB- ha ! '' i know damn well hollywood is collectively laughing its a $ $ off to the bank!those who gave this a rating above 1 deserving the inevitable sequals.get the wallet out!btw , if the last ditch effort in titling this didnt give the lameness of it away ... so sad !!!!!!!!
 I love this movie but never had it as my own . Then I saw it for a great price I decied to get it . The order said from Jan 20-Feb 6 . I waited and nothing came my way . I couldnt even call UPS because this seller did not give me a tracking number . I will NOT by from this seller again .
 I ca n't think of one thing good about this movie except that it has a couple of hot girls in it . Jimmy Falon was mildly amusing when he would crack up like an idiot on SNL during his skits but he should never be in another movie . He is horrible . Queen Latifah was not funny at all in this and Luc Besson must have needed a pay check . I am a big fan of Besson and he really put out a steamy pile of garbage with this one . Probably his worst movie ever .
 This was a cheap and really look down approach to comic books and superheroes in general . The History Channel does not make good production films anymore on any subject , it comes off more as something expensive and cheap you would buy at a mall . I 'm hopeful that one day soon , a more in depth film will be made on the history of comic books and superheroes in general , but this trash was not it .
 We gave this a good try . Watched the first episode twice and the second episode once . The sound quality just does not make it . We miss 15 to 20 percent of the dialog . It 's a shame because this looks like a really good series . Poor sound quality seems to be a consistent problem with BBC productions . With the poor sound quality we really need the Closed Captioning or Subtitles . I have tried every setting on the Sony DVD player that I can find , but no Closed Captioning or subtitles . The box indicates that it has Closed Captioning , but I ca n't get it to work . Too bad !
 was great in it 's time I watched them all . Re watching made too dated with police technology , also dialog was dated
 I love the American version with Maria Bello.watching it on my Kindle fire . Hope they do another season.but Helen mirrens version is $ 4.99 an EPISODE to rent ?? seriously?I will be adding this to my Netflicks.No way am I paying that much per show .
 I had read/heard a lot about Prime suspect . It 's good if you really enjoy european style drama . 4 episodes on 2 cds . Frankly it did n't do it for me . The acting was mediocre , plot was 50/50 prove this guy did it/deal with a woman being in charge . There was not a great deal of suspense . My lack of enjoyment certainly is colored by my bias towards american style cop dramas . I wo n't be purchasing # 2 .
 Prime Suspect 1This 1991 film begins at night when cars drive down the street . The police arrive to see the body of a young woman . She has been dead for 1 to 2 hours -LSB- but her blood is not black and clotted -RSB- . A small black book is given to the detective in charge , John Shefford . The blood type is analyzed from the fluid . There is a match on the computer to a man recently released from prison for a rape . George Marlow is arrested and interrogated . -LSB- The personal life of Jane Tennison pads out the story . -RSB- The lead detective has a heart attack ; who will replace him ? DCI Tennison wants what she should have . The victim was incorrectly identified as Della Mornay so the body must be identified from the missing persons report . -LSB- Does all that smoking have symbolism ? -RSB- The details of the crime are explicit ; the victims were tortured before death.The policemen resent their first woman detective -LSB- a subplot -RSB- . The victim was identified -LRB- Karen Howard -RRB- . Her boyfriend knows nothing since they broke up . Suspect Marlow is released for lack of evidence . Then another victim is found , this is Della Mornay who rented the small flat . Where are the missing pages from Della 's diary ? The same torture marks as on Karen . DCI Tennison goes on live TV to get witnesses or find the missing car . Someone calls in as a witness , but identifies another man . The investigation goes on . -LSB- There is more padding to fill up time . -RSB- Tennison discovers something while working late and goes to Oldham . Re-interviewing witnesses finds a new fact taht was n't in the reports . Is there another suspect ? But Tennison may be off the case . What is the connection between the victims ? An assistant notices a connection . Moira is brought in for questioning . Will she talk ? When George and Moira leave their flat they are followed by the police . There is a shocking discovery ! -LSB- Now you know how it will end . -RSB- There is an arrest of a suspect for the six murders . Questioning continues until an emotional outburst and a final admission . The courtroom scene will have a final surprise.This is an interesting story in spite of the padding and interpersonal conflicts . I suspect Moira knew more that what she told . The hidden agenda is to show the police biased against a female chief detective . We do n't know how true this is in England or other European countries . The suspect seems to hold a low-paying job but can afford to rent a large garage and let someone else hold the key . The one redeeming value of this film is its display of urban scenery . Was the cast larger than necessary ?
 Ann Lake -LRB- Carol Lynley -RRB- , newly-arrived in London , goes to pick up her daughter , Bunny , from school , but no one there seems to know the girl . Her peculiar brother -LRB- Keir Dullea -RRB- enlists the aid of a police superintendent -LRB- Laurence Olivier -RRB- , who soon doubts Ann 's sanity and Bunny 's existence.Otto Preminger directed this and Olivier starred in it , and it 's still a total bomb . The problem lies in the script , which is full of plot holes , and the direction , which is just lacking in every way . All of the characters are one-dimensional ; Olivier 's superintendent is so bland and underwhelming -LRB- as well as mostly ineffectual -RRB- that he just takes up space on the screen . Dullea shows no range or subtlety ; his one expression - spaced-out nutcase - is over the top and leaves no room for doubt as to the ending . Noel Coward appears as a slimy , drunk landlord who is repulsive instead of witty . The biggest shortcoming is casting Carol Lynley as the lead ; she 's anemic , wimpy , unconvincing , and unsympathetic . -LRB- Jane Fonda was considered for the part and would have been a stronger choice . -RRB- It 's too overwrought and poorly-acted to be truly suspenseful and it commits the ultimate cinema sin
 I 've wanted to catch this film ever since I read Mad magazine 's 1966 parody . Film gets two stars for its black & white photography and for solid performances from Olivier , Hunt , Massey and Revill . Almost unwatchable because of Lynley & Dullea in the leading roles
 Are you sure this was n't a parody of a bad ' 60 's English thriller?Horrible directing - no surprise -LRB- Preminger -RRB- . Terrible dialog . Lots of bad acting -LRB- Olivier is good , however -RRB- . Ridiculous situations . Horrible editing -LRB- Ed Wood , Jr. ? -RRB- . And worst of all - a third act that is just interminable . I think it 's still going on - I do n't know , I had to leave after they repeated the same stupid gimmick four times -LRB- or more - I do n't know 'cause I left -RRB- . Oh ... also , why The Zombies ? I mean I like them but ... what ... the ... hell?Also , does n't anyone in England lock their doors ? Talk about re-using a cheap gimmick ... Tuer l'idole
 This is undoubtedly the worst film Oliver ever starred in and Preminger ever made . The story is ridiculous , Lynley and her `` brother '' in the movie strove mightily and almost successfully to be real actors , and the final result , which is supposed to be creepy , is simply laughable . Bad film fans will not want to miss this turkey . It could indeed become a cult film -- you know , show it at midnight , get stoned , and promenade around the theater shouting for Bunny Lake . For people who genuinely liked the movie , well CBS and Fox will provide you with many hours of entertainment , daily .
 British humor is very much hit or miss for me and this is one of those misses . It 's all about the death of a patriarch that brings his friends and other contacts together in a goofy , mismatched farce . Slow beginning big time but if you absolutely love British humor , well , it might be worth it.I watched this one for close to an hour simply because it did n't require my full attention and I was surfing the Web . I know some people out there think you have to give 100 % to a movie to properly grade it but that 's a lot of rubbish and just goes to show some people can not multitask , especially when watching a film that is average or lower.Peter Dinklage has a supporting role in this but he is n't anything like his Tyrion character so do n't go in with expectations.The budget was $ 9M and it made a bit over $ 46M at the Box Office.STORY / PLOTTING/EDITING
 This disc was unplayable on my computer . I returned it to the Sender -LRB- 12th July -RRB- & have not received an acknowledgment of its arrival . I have the receipt of sending & await comment with dwindling patience & refund !
 The movie has some pluses . The final eulogy was touching . The fiancee never giving up on her betrothed in spite of what her relatives thinks . However , the bad outweighs the good . The movie relies on drug humor , midget humor , and scatological humor for the gags . They do n't even do it well . Cliches abound . The actors seem to be trying hard , but the script never delivers completely . The pacing seems to drag on certain scenes at times . It is definitely frenetic at other times.In summary , perhaps if you were in the right mood , you might enjoy the movie , but there are many better farcical movies out there .
 Although billed as a `` comedy '' this movie does n't contain a single laugh . I guess what they meant is a `` comedy of errors '' where unlikely-event-follows-unlikely-event to the point of compounded absurdity . The film does n't feel like Frank Oz either , but more like a second - -LRB- or third - -RRB- rate BBC television programme . Characters enter hysterics , stereotypes are overplayed , and everyone talks in a stage whisper . I 'm giving it two stars primarily for the gorgeous chateau in which it was filmed -- I want to live there.After I kick everyone out .
 Do not waste your money on this movie . It is pointless and not remotely funny . I gave it away immediately .
 saw this movie over the weekend and it was predictable and the punch lines were a dime a dozen . the pacing was hit and miss as well . I expected to like it once the actual funneral started but then the film became one big cliche and it reminded me of a few other better films in the same vein which this one was desperately trying to channel .
 This movie never failed to disappoint . It held quite a lot of promise , but little -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- of it came to fruition in this stretched almost comedy that deteriorates into a story of the effects of LSD on people 's behavior . The rest of the story was not `` traditional '' British humor , because it would have been funny had it been so . This was predictable , sort of , in most every turn and the `` surprise '' guest and how it was played out was quite disappointing . The film tried and failed miserably to recreate the ambiance of `` Four Weddings and a Funeral '' . The single funeral in the latter was better than the entirety of this film . Do n't waste your time or money on this .
 I rented this on Unbox as the reviews were good and the trailer looked funny . Well , for me , I could n't have been more disappointed . I like quirky and sacastic and dark humor . I like british humor . This was a movie I found flat . SPOILER !! The whole gay relationship with a midget and subsequent kidnapping thereof was cheap and crude . And not in a funny way either . Rent/buy at your own risk . I am surprised this movie has as many good reviews as it does . I guess I 'm just getting too old ?
 How do you do an
 I ordered this movie over a month and a half ago and have still yet to receive it . I would not order from this company the_music_shop_au unless you have a lot of patience . I just hope my movie comes in eventually .
 A relative who 'd seen this film reported it as VERY funny so I ordered it . Delivery by Amazon was VERY slow and the film was simply awful when it finally arrived - others ideas of funny ?? Not again .
 I was looking forward to this movie after reading all of the positive reviews from people here in the USA who thought this movie was hilarious.In the first hour I did n't laugh even once . -LRB- One half-chuckle , though . -RRB- To me this was just a tedious plot of offbeat characters showing up at a funeral and acting inappropriately -- but not in a funny way . For example , one of the guests accidentally ingests an LSD-like drug before the funeral , and then he is all weird and trippy during the service . I kept waiting for the `` funny '' part to start ! After an hour I hit fast-forward on my Tivo , and finally , delete.For me it was a big disappointment . The other reviewers must be much more worldly than I am , or more sophisticated , or something .
 We scrapped the movie less than 45 minutes in . It starts slow and is peppered with offensive , unnecessary language . Very disappointing . The DVD is in the trash where it belongs .
 Some funny bits , but it seems to appeal to our lowest senses . 30 years ago this would have been banned . Now it 's common-place - with emphasis on common . Lots of gutter humor .
 I borrowed from my library as I do many movies . I tried to watch it but I , too , did not find any amusement and I checked the display and had already watched 37 minutes of it without the hint of a laugh . Does this movie start out REALLY slow because it just was n't funny to me at all . I consider myself to have a pretty good sense of humor and I laugh easily at funny , witty lines . The bit with the guy who was under the influence of some drug was to me , something only young immature boys would find amusing . I found myself watching this like it was an assignment that I had to complete and I finally just stopped the DVD and gave up.Not my `` cup of tea '' , I guess .
 The comedy in this movie was trite and pedictable . You have your crass old guy in a wheelchair , a fiance hopped up on drugs , a midget with a horrible secret about the recently deceased , and a typical pretentious rich guy . Barring one slightly humorous awkward conversation I 've been to funerals -LRB- sorry -RRB- that were funnier.Not much else to say other than I rarely stop movies , but I stopped this one and do n't regret it in the least .
 I usually like Brit humor , but this movie just was n't funny at all . Very bad script . I found it tedious and boring . A lot of scenes went on for too long . -LRB- I fast-forwarded through some of them . -RRB- The gross-out stuff is better left to Americans . It seemed like the actors were uncomfortable with the material and I felt sorry for them . I lasted maybe an hour and gave up . I 'm sorry I wasted a Netflix rental on crap like this . I think I 'll skip the USA remake .
 I did not laugh once during this so-called comedy , and I like a lot of British humor and black comedy . It 's not that I did n't get it . I just thought it was tasteless and boring . The production looked cheap .
 I consider myself someone with a pretty broad base of humor , everything from Holy Grail to Airplane , but this movie has no redeeming qualities . I scanned the large number of 4 and 5 star reviews and concluded that most of them were either professionally added by someone associated with the movie or there are some people with a very low benchmark for comedy out there . There is nothing clever here other than the premise which was using a funeral setting for the basis of a humorous movie . Having experienced a personal humorous tragedy at a funderal myself , I was hopeful this might have some side splitting scenes , but the movie went downhill after the opening credits . And come to think of it , even those were lame . 3-4 minutes of a hand drawn casket working itself around the streets of London ala Pac Man . If you 're looking for a solid British comedy that includes both a funeral and wedding setting , `` Four Weddings and a Funeral '' is by far superior to this one . Hugh Grant displays more humor in one wedding toast than appears throughout this entire movie . Also , there 's a 30-minute episode of the Mary Tyler Moore TV series titled `` Chuckles Bites the Dust '' which will bring you to tears . Primarily because it is based on some real uncomfortable death/funeral experiences which most people can relate to and find humor in . I guarantee you , if my wife had written this review , it would have been even worse !
 I found this to be average at best with limited humor and average acting . Most everything that happened was predictable .
 I saw this movie on a reccomendation from a friend . It was boring , predictable , and the jokes were just trite . Slapstick comedy in the worst way , and there was not an ounce of wit to the script whatsoever . It presented filler situations such as a drug trip , some crass old man in a wheelchair , etc. . . and tried to pass it off as humor.I expected a witty British comedy , but what you have is a poorly done American comedy disguised as a British comedy . Do not waste your time .
 On the cover by supposed ` reputable ' reviewers , it stated such things as ` uproariously funny , ' but after 3o minutes and much fast forwarding attempting to get to any funny stuff , I could take no more.If one finds vile , graphic toilet scenes , or someone spitting at others from a rooftop , or predictable , stereotypical character behavior funny , then this may be the movie for you .
 Predictable , cliched , unimaginitive , unoriginal , one gag bollocks ! How this script ever made production you could n't even guess . The set up of the joke is a joke in itself . This is a story written around the one gag the writer must have thought of whilst on the toilet . Spend your money on a blank DVD and get better laughs . Black comedy ? Please do n't insult the genre ...
 I can not recall any other time in my life where I watched a comedy and did not laugh a single time . It was beyond strange - it was freakish . And they had the cast and a pretty good plot -LRB- if unoriginal -RRB- to pull off a rather good comedy ... . The only reason I gave it 1 star is because I had to rank it for the review to be accepted .
 Maybe if you are young enough and shallow enough you may find this entertaining . However , if you have ever had to attend the funeral of a loved one you will probably find this very tasteless .
 What a disappointment . My wife and I sat through an hour of this sad excuse for a comedy and did n't laught once . If your idea of hilarity includes the wrong coffin being delivered to a funeral , an old man in a wheelchair using the f-word , or accidental ingestion of halucinogenic drugs , knock yourself out . My recommendation
 Are you kidding me ? Is this seriously a professional film?I ca n't think of a worse way to spend 2 hours of my life !
 I suppose this type of humor is n't for me as I barely cracked a smile throughout the course of the entire movie . This movie presents you with uncomfortable situations and expects you to laugh nervously .
 This is NOT the 1949 film noir classic starring Bobby Driscoll , Barbara Hale , and Arthur Kennedy , but some cheap ripoff . Do n't waste your money , wait until Amazon.com offers the real thing !
 It 's a ripoff-y tearjerker with bad acting by Anne Hathaway and Dianne Wiest , tho the other actors did well with a limited script . It 's not at all what it seems at first , a conspiracy theory movie -- not that that would have been an improvement , it 's just that this particular paranormal theme is done , and it has the same ending twist ******************* SPOILER AHEAD **************************** as the Sixth Sense , without the better acting that makes that movie watchable . Hathaway here plays an annoying character , yes , but also plays her badly , imo , making it doubly hard to watch . I know the ending was supposed to be heartwarming , but it just did n't convince me .
 Okay , the acting and atmosphere was good and there were moments of tension , but that 's about the extent of the pro 's . The problem with this movie is it did not know what it wanted to be , where it wanted to go , or what story it wanted to tell . The beginning with the plane crash on the beach , the assumed survivors wandering around , and the bits they remember all seemed like something out of Lost . Then comes the fact that they all remember an explosion outside of their window , when the airline company would have you believe it was due to pilot error . Mysterious strangers all start showing up , and the movie begins to take on a Flight Plan feel . Suddenly people begin to disappear , and one would think you were watching Forgotten . But then comes the `` shocking '' end , which really is n't all that shocking , and you are thrown into a Sixth Sense clone . With Sixth Sense all the pieces in the movie added up . But with this one it does not . Questions are left unanswered . For example :1 . Why were these few `` survivors '' chosen to wander around ? Were they the only ones that realized they had not survived the crash ? That almost makes sense , except for one of the supporting characters who made peace with herself during the crash and was willing to accept death . Except she must not have accepted death , because she was one of the people that had to find that special somebody to be able to move on .2 . Hathaway 's character could n't recognize her own aunt and teacher , both of which were special to her at some point when they were alive . Huh ? If they were so special , should n't she have recognized them , or at the very least be haunted by their presence ? Everybody else who saw that special somebody at least reacted the right way . Maybe they were scared and ran away at first , but at least they reacted and seemed to recognize them . Hathaway 's character goes through the whole movie without ever knowing until the end .3 . What really was the cause of the crash ? The pilot reveals himself and says it was his error , when everybody else claims otherwise . When Hathaway 's character begins to realize she was on the flight , we the audience see the fate of the plane 's flight , which seems to prove that what everbody else was saying was true . The plane exploded as a result of maintenance issues . So does this mean the pilot is blaming himself for something he could not control ? Is the airline somehow responsible ? Will the truth ever be made public ? Was there a point to this subplot , or was it just thrown in there without any real purpose ? 4 . What about the pilot and the amnesia ? The amnesia seemed to recognize the pilot , but then we do n't find out if that is how he came to terms with his death , or did he just remember the pilot for some distant memory ? The pilot blames himself and wanders off . Does that mean he did indeed cause the crash ? What became of his character ? 5 . And finally , why does Hathaway 's character wake up in home while the others are wandering around the crash site ? Why ca n't she understand she was on that flight ?
 Many continuity mistakes , which betray a low budget film . Acting is decent . Anne Hathaway is cute , period , and Patrick Wilson could use a better haircut . Conclusion
 did n't we already see this in `` Lost '' series ????? It 's exactly same just A LOT shorter ! Stolen theme . That 's why I gave it a 2 . And it goes a bit slow anyway . I mean it was a bit unexpected ending even though I 've seen the series but it 's exactly same idea as the LOST
 Based on PASSENGER 's marketing , I was hoping for a scary supernatural tale . Instead , this was a case of too little `` horror , '' too late.Indeed , not so much horror as squishy , New Age mush.If you like spiritual pseudo-horror like THE FORGOTTEN or DRAGONFLY , you might enjoy PASSENGERS , since it 's the same old , same old -LRB- with borrowings from THE SIXTH SENSE , THE OTHERS , GHOST , JACOB 'S LADDER , and the original TWILIGHT ZONE TV series -RRB- . This is not really a spoiler , since the marketing -LRB- e.g. DVD box blurbs -RRB- kinda give away the premise ... Passengers survive a plane crash , but then begin vanishing . Like that TWILIGHT ZONE episode about astronauts who survive a mishap in space , but when they return to Earth , they begin vanishing ... Something they had encountered `` up there '' did n't mean for them to return , and is correcting its mistake.PASSENGERS had scary potential . Why are surviving passengers vanishing ? What 's being `` corrected '' ? A rip in space/time ? Some Supernatural Order -LRB- e.g. , FINAL DESTINATION -RRB- ? No , instead PASSENGERS borrows the more familiar explanation , found in THE SIXTH SENSE , JACOB 'S LADDER , GHOST , and THE OTHERS . If you know those `` twist '' endings , you 'll guess early on what PASSENGERS is about.PASSENGERS is slow and boring . We 're nearly TWO THIRDS into the film before it gets ominous . A horror film should be ominous 10 to 15 minutes in , then get scarier . Instead , PASSENGERS 's `` horror '' starts late and remains tepid.In its final 10 minutes , the film shifts from weak horror to `` feel good '' New Age spirituality.Horror fans will be disappointed .
 There 's two things you need to know right away - the first half of Passengers is NOTHING but lengthy love story segments involving Anne Hathaway 's character and one of her patients . She 's a therapist trying to help the survivors of a plane accident cope with their daily stress , and she becomes really close with one of the patients.The second thing you need to know - everything taking place for the first 80 % of film leads to an ending that 's intended to shock the viewers . It fails though , because for one thing it 's poorly and predictably executed , and second of all , the weak writing you experience throughout the movie makes the conclusion incredibly underwhelming.A missed opportunity for a thriller pretty much sums up Passengers . Movie writers need to understand that in order for a thriller to work , you ca n't revolve ALL the events around one unexpected twist at the end -LRB- which , in my opinion at least , was n't that unexpected anyway -RRB- . You need to tell a solid story the entire time leading up to a satisfying conclusion . That 's how a good thriller works , and that 's what needs to be accomplished in order for me to rate these kind of movies favorably .
 -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Anne is attractive and the film is so dependent on it that she and the camera exploit it with constant close ups of her face and her charming/beguiling but theatrically pointless expressions -LRB- over 50 % of the film actually -RRB- . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Plot is a rip off of other crash movies where we are led to believe they 're alive but they 're not . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Dialogue is very poorly scripted with cliched non-professional exchanges between roles such as Wilson as the ex-corporate V.P. turns wall painter , motorcycle rider , sailboat sailor , midnight swimmer , rooftop wall sitter -LRB- fortunately less than a minute for each activity -RRB- with the totally unrealistic and incompetent questioning by Anne the psychiatrist . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- Little effort by the studio to spend money . No realistic special effects and no effort to research plane crashes . The plane 's remnants should have been clearly marked and placed in a secure hanger . To save composer and musicians fees the music was a constant and monotonous plunking of a few piano keys . Saved money by not having a director as evidenced by the lack of continuity and building tension appropriate for this type of movie . Well , someone added a gratuitously brief semi-sex scene . -LRB- 5 . -RRB- But the worst crime that the studio commits is to exploit people 's fear of flying and death with the feelgood `` you 're not really dead just vacationing your dreams forever '' .
 I am a big fan of ghost stories , and was intrigued by the ads . Watched today and had to fast forward through much of the movie . It 's very boring . Do n't bother .
 Version
 `` Passengers '' would have been a straight-to-DVD film had it not been for the name of Anna Hatherway -LRB- `` Rachel Getting Married '' -RRB- I am not saying that `` Passengers '' -LRB- of which story reminds me of Peter Weir 's 1993 film `` Fearless '' -RRB- is a horrible film . Actually its final chapter impressed me , but despite that and film 's nice cinematography , the process to the resolution needs improvement.Anna Hatherway is Claire Summers , a therapist who is assigned to counsel the five survivors of a major airline crash . Claire is intrigued by one survivor Eric -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- , whose personality it is obvious has drastically changed after the devastating event . While Claire is attracted to nice and handsome Eric , perhaps more than she should be , Eric experiences strange sensations . `` Passengers '' has an ambitious premise - which I am not allowed to reveal it all - but still I can say Rodrigo Garc&iacute;a as a director is trying to make a moving character-driven drama and intriguing thriller as the same time . Some of the survivors say there was an explosion before the crash , but the airline represented by David Morse 's character strongly denies that . Claire smells a cover up , but she is not perfectly sure who is right.One major problem is the character Anne Hatherway plays , a grief counselor whose behaviors are too immature and unprofessional . Rodrigo Garc&iacute;a , probably better known for his critically acclaimed film `` Nine Lives , '' did create more credible characters in the past , but here Hatherway 's therapist is simply unbelievable , repeatedly committing mistakes that no professional therapist would do . `` Passengers '' is less a thriller than a drama , but to be a decent drama a film need a better protagonist you can relate to.As to the film 's thriller part , there is nothing intriguing about what the film shows or suggests . It gives us hints , certainly - a barking dog , a stranger standing in the street and so on - but these are thrown in at random , not strong enough to make us keep guessing.Of course everything will be explained in the film 's wrap-up - things about young Claire and her sister who is away from the town ; about Dianne Wiest 's character , always gentle and smiling ; or about Andre Braugher 's Perry , Claire 's `` mentor . '' As I said , the film 's conclusion is powerful and emotional . Unfortunately it takes a long time to reach there .
 Amazon 's critic described this film as `` derivative . '' That 's an understatement ! It 's pretty much a ripoff of THE SIXTH SENSE and FEARLESS . I wo n't bother to summarize the plot since so many others have done so , but suffice it to say that any one with half a brain can pretty quickly figure out where this story is going . I did so before inserting the disc into my DVD player!The saddest thing about this movie is that it had enormous potential . In the hands of a different writer it could have taken its premise to much more original territory than the totally predictable course it follows -LRB- with often ridiculous dialogue and poorly drawn characters -RRB- . And both the director and producer should have been tarred and feathered for not spotting the terrible script long before one minute of footage was shot!The one good thing I can say about this mess it that the ending is fairly interesting . The only problem is that you have to sit through the first 3/4ths of the film in order to get there .
 Short Attention Span Summary -LRB- SASS -RRB- :1 . Plane crashes2 . Anne Hathaway plays a grief counselor providing her services to the 5 survivors .3 . She does n't seem to be having much luck4 . Against professional ethics , she gets involved with one of them5 . People start dropping out of counseling6 . It 's probably because of her boring questions7 . The so called twist is obvious more than half an hour before the end , but still they prolong and drag it out like pulling fingernails .8 . If you 've got a ticket to ride you 'd be better off cashing it in.You can probably sleep through the first half of the movie after reading -LRB- 1 . -RRB- and -LRB- 2 . -RRB- above . Shortly after that , you 'll see the twist . Wait ten minutes to confirm it , then go back to sleep until the credits start rolling.The entire cast sleepwalks their way through this dull drama , the punch line of which has been done before , and better.Amanda Richards , January 25 , 2009
 Fearless meets the Sixth Sense . Except that Fearless was excellent and the Sixth Sense was good . This movie is bad . Hathaway and Wilson have absolutely zero chemistry and all they do is blab on and on about nothing . The other characters walk in and out then disappear , only we hardly realize that since they 're barely on screen for more than a minute at a time . By the time the end hits - all involved are greatly relieved that it 's over . For everyone .
 Lame , boring and predictable . Are n't we getting tired of the same plot in these blockbuster movies . The only reason I gave it two stars is because it features the always gorgeous Anne Hathaway .
 I really liked the movie 's concept and the artistic director 's beautiful and tight color scheme but overall this movie is ** not worth ** your time or money . The director claimed this was a `` medical thriller and a romance '' but it was neither exciting nor romantic . The main character Claire falls `` in love '' with a pushy passenger named Eric who challenges her to step outside of her safe box . There 's nothing wrong with this idea per se but Eric was arrogant and reckless and I just could n't see a smart and sweet girl like Claire falling for him . The characters spent a lot of time running around in circles -- the script needed more momentum and direction . Thumbs down !!!
 The previews for this movie looked awesome . They seemed to indicate that something weird happened to the survivors of a plane crash . Like , for example , they randomly `` knew things '' about the psychiatrist giving them group therapy . Well , the psychiatrist played by Anne Hathaway kept going on and on about how could the one patient possibly know she had a sister ? Come on . Almost everyone has a sister . That 's the type of guess a `` psychic '' would make.Next , the patients started to disappear . I did n't really notice because most of them had not appeared in the movie for more than 2 minutes anyway . Most of the movie was focused not on the thriller aspect and the group therapy but on Anne 's relationship with one patient in particular . And inappropriate relationships between psychiatrists and patients have been totally overdone in movies . Anne Hathaway really was n't believable as a psychiatrist , either . Granted , that may have been the fault of the role itself . She was a very young and immature character.The ending was a little surprising . I did n't see it coming for most of the movie , although I saw it a bit before the characters did . The only problem was it left too many unanswered questions .
 I too bought this on VHS for Vincent D'Onofrio . My only negative comment about his performance is that there 's not enough of it ! I 'll say right here and now that I 'm not a big fan of Smits or Scacchi , and D'Onofrio overpowers them every time he 's on screen . It 's a beautiful story , and I can see why director Gillian Armstrong was attracted to it - it is a love story with a bit of real-life depth -LRB- rather than those soapy ones where the ridiculous problems are created by the characters for lack of imagination - Julia Roberts films , anyone ? -RRB- . That being said , the two lead roles needed to be played by stronger actors , and ones that could keep up with D'Onofrio vivacity . Worth a look for fans .
 No realistic viewer expects a filmed version of a book to be identical . But it SHOULD be true to the spirit of the novel -LRB- or why bother filming it ? -RRB- , and this TV movie is definitely not . Most of the main characters are too different , especially Penelope Keeling -LRB- Angela Lansbury is quite the wrong actress -RRB- - the Penelope in this film is unrecognisable . But the worst betrayal is the portrayal of Penelope 's love affair with Richard , especially the change to its ending and to the ending of the book . If you want to watch a banal movie , and have neither read the book nor wish to read one of the finest novels in English , buy the movie . Much better , buy , read and re-read the book , and give yourself a real treat .
 This is one of my favorite books and after re-reading it for the umpteenth time I decided to purchase the Hallmark Hall of Fame version . The first part is very good for a TV movie - beautiful locations , fine acting -LRB- how can one fault Angela Lansbury ? -RRB- , and relatively faithful to the story -LRB- one must take into consideration that time is of the essence on TV and often plots become condensed -RRB- . However , to TOTALLY change the ending -LRB- a medical mis-diagnosis unexplained and bringing characters back from the dead to name only two ! -RRB- was unconscionable . The power of the story was lost and it turned into just another tear-jerker . It would be as if Scarlett and Rhett rode off into the sunset together and lived happily ever after ! BUT , if you 've never read the book it would be an enjoyable couple of hours entertainment . I will never watch The Shell Seekers again , and am putting mine up for sale -LRB- cheap ! -RRB- .
 I saw about 20 minutes of the Hallmark TV version and went shrieking from the room ! And this is possibly my favorite novel of all time . Angela Lansbury is terribly miscast . Penelope with stiffly coiffed hair , a corsage and a pink afternoon dress ?!? What happened to the boat cloak ? It should have been Judy Dench ! This is nearly as bad as the carnage wreaked on `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' by casting Darryl Hannah . Trying to stuff a big novel into 98 minutes is a travesty . I see why writers like Steven King and J.K. Rowling take such tough control of their works when someone wants to film them . Could n't we wait a few years and try again , this time in a 13 week series or something like `` Ballykissangel '' ?
 I was disappointed to say the least . Ms. Lansbury was fine , but the other casting was not good enough . I realize that the detail of the book would be impossible to impart in such a short film , but the changes - huge changes - were too much . Richard being alive for one . In the book , they never would have chosen to be apart ! I felt sad for anyone who viewed the movie and had not read the text to have been able to fill in the beautiful memories of her life that were omitted . I just felt let down . Sorry .
 This movie stars Mrs. Potts from Beauty and the Beast . Only she is n't a tea pot in this movie . She 's some old woman that had a heart attack . Now we 're all waiting for her to die . 98 long minutes . She does n't die . My grandma says she was dead at the end , but I say no . . that was me . I was bored to death.The general plot is Mrs. Potts has 3 non-teapot kids and I ca n't tell them apart . It seems that Nancy and her brother are married . But they are n't . Nancy is really married to some of grouch . He should die too . But I do n't think he does.The best way to veiw this movie is with the tv off and you in another room with your friends eating chocolate .
 In my opinion , no movie does any book justice . The book version is always better . This one is not a great remake of the book . I bought another version that was better . Would not highly recommend .
 I have watched several film remakes of popular books , and I know that inevitably things will be changed . The important thing is that the movie be able to stand on it 's own , so that even with the changes you embrace it . Not this movie . I actually could n't wait for it to end - the acting was bad , the casting was even worse ... . I think that sums it all up .
 The one star was given due to the fact that some sellers are selling the PAL version of this DVD under this heading of Region 1 . Unless you can play PAL , avoid . The most notorious of these , caiman , even refuses to give a refund or an exchange for YOUR mistake in having ordered a PAL version.The movie itself is easily five stars
 I loved Rosamunde Pilcher 's novel The Shell Seekers so much that I just had to buy this video simply to become immersed once more in the world of cosy detail Rosamunde provides us . I thought it could n't possibly be that bad . Well , frankly , it is rather bad . Even though it was filmed in Great Britain , it lacked that British feeling that I was going after . I felt as though I had tuned into a very early `` Murder She Wrote '' episode with Angela Lansbury surrounded by two-bit actors . Danus was particularly dreadful - no character development - there is absolutely no appeal and you actually hope Antonia does not fall in love with him . The actor who portrays Noel has an easy time of it being weak and greedy , and as for Nancy , why is she so thin ? Olivia and Cosmo were the only ones who seemed true to the book . As for reviving Richard - I can only agree with the other reviewer - Penelope would never have chosen to be without him . How trite they made that love affair!In sum , the movie was far too short to offer any kind of in-depth development . The critical war years were glossed over in mediocre flashbacks . But I suppose it would be alright if you 're home for the day with a ghastly cold and you ca n't actually read the novel again . Just make sure you lace your tea with something a bit stronger - it might make viewing more tolerable .
 This film bears only a passing resemblance to Rosamund Pilcher 's THE SHELL SEEKERS . The director watered down the book 's powerful plot to weak tea and you will barely recognize the characters . Angela Lansbury does her best but can not help the tepid writing . The casting was almost completely off the mark - Danus is particularly badly cast . I expected a better film from the Hallmark Hall of Fame . This was so bad it took me 3 trys to get through to the end . Do n't buy it . In fact , it 's hardly worth renting . Reread the book instead .
 While I realize that this is a nice movie albeit it only 98 minutes , it is NOT the Shell Seekers . Anyone who loves this story-I have just reread it for the 7th time , will be very dissappointed . The story is totally butchered and even if Ms Pilcher approved the edits I dont care , it took out the depth and the incredible humanity of the original . The original is not sad , it is a tremendously uplifting and moving story . In addition to the dismantling of the story I believe the casting is particularly poor , not my image of the wonderfully dynamic characters in the book at all . While I love Angela Lansbury she has had to portray a Penelope that is a confused and melancholy old lady-not the vivacious and independent Penelope of the book - The most outrageous affront is the treatment of the role of Richard-that was the heart of the orginal and here its almost non existent . IF you are thinking of buying this to supplement your love for the book dont bother . Stick to your own images of the story - your own movie rather than ruining them with this melancholoy sudsy family soap opera of an older mother trying to cope with her 3 selfish adult children and having it all turn out sweet and fine in the end . Rubbish .
 The Shell Seekers stars Angela Landsbury as an elderly lady who suffered from a mild heart attack , yet her true heartache seems to come from those around her who want to conrol her choices . She must struggle through this dilemma in order to reach her true happiness.The movie itself is , of course , slow-paced , dialogue-heavy , and on the dramatic side ; nothing wrong with these qualities per se except that I did not find the story , as it is presented in the movie , to be very interesting.The combination of an uninteresting story along with the slow-pace made it a rather dull experience to view this movie . I 'd recommend you read the book instead .
 Michael Lindsay-Hogg and Charles Sturridge 's superb dramatisation of Evelyn Waugh 's greatest novel has not been transferred at all well to DVD.For such a beautifully-photographed and designed piece of work such as this , one would really have thought that the production company - in this case Acorn Media in Silver Spring , MD - would have pulled out all the stops in mastering this on disc , but sadly they have not.An inordinate amount of very distracting edge pixellization is apparent on this transfer , right from the opening black and white titles all the way through the following 11 hours of the film . The image is at times very jumpy - distractingly so - and film grain is horribly apparent at times , as well as a fair degree of blurring which I certainly do not remember from the British television broadcasts.In addition , the entirety of disc 3 - five hours , no less - is out of sync , sometimes terribly so . Outrageous!Aside from these complaints , menu design is arbitrary and unimaginative , and lends a cheap feel to the entire experience of watching the three-disc set.For -LSB- the price -RSB- , devotees of this outstanding series should have got a great deal more.Don ' t buy this disc ...
 So , after waiting 5 years since the advent of DVD , Brideshead Revisited has finally arrived - and frankly what a let-down -LRB- I 'm sorry to say -RRB- . O.K , so this DVD has the full uncut version of the series plus a booklet and -LRB- a very few -RRB- extra features , but for such a critically acclaimed series I really think that the public has been seriously short-changed by this release for a number of reasons.Most importantly , even though a lot of work has obviously gone into the restoration of the original film stock , I 'd hardly say that this DVD is a great showcase for the sharp and detailed images for which the format is so well-known . This is particularly true of disc three which shows such a marked decrease in sharpness that it 's debateable whether it 's any better than VHS . Also , unless my eyes deceived me there seems to be some evidence of motion distortion on all three discs . I think the best thing one can say about the picture quality is that since it 's DVD at least it wo n't get any worse with repeated viewings.I 'm quite surprised too that this highly-regarded title was n't released by one of the bigger studios such as Paramount , MGM or Columbia Tristar etc. . It really was n't very reassuring to see the name Acorn Media on the packaging . Who are they ? - -LRB- In fact the text notes on disc 1 come dangerously close to admitting that this company actually has very little experience of film restoration or DVD mastering . -RRB- Next on my hit-list is the DVD menu screen . It 's very nice to look at and listen to at first but rapidly becomes quite infuriating in that you have to wait for ages until you can activate anything . Then when the options do eventually appear , we find that there are no alternate language soundtracks and worse still , not even English subtitles . I personally believe that bearing in mind the technology inherent in DVD , ALL releases should have subtitles for the title 's original spoken language for the benefit of people who are hard-of-hearing or deaf.As for the extra features , well , I suppose that what there is is quite good , but no commentaries , no cast interviews or featurettes ? It all seems a bit limp for such a historic piece of British television . I 'd have to admit though , the booklet is quite good.Admittedly my review is a bit harsh but I 'd still recommended that fans of the series buy it -LRB- if only because DVD picture & sound quality has such great longevity in comparison to VHS -RRB- . But I strongly suspect that it could all have been done so much better .
 This 30th Ann . edition suffers from the most washed-out , faded , overexposed looking digital transfer I have ever seen . I quit after the first episode -LRB- and spot checking some others -RRB- . And this was on a new Aquos 65 inch flat screen . What was Acorn Media thinking when they put this out ? Was the original material in that poor a condition ? I returned my copy for a refund .
 This product was ompossible to watch the sequence of episodes was all mixed upFor example episode 9 was only able to be played by pressing episode11 and so on.When there were three episodes on a disc the middle episode would not respondAnd could not be played.I was amazed to receive such an inferior product from amazon .
 Did I miss something?This was the dullest piece of garbage I 've ever sat through . I 'm calling `` Barbarella '' and `` Plan Nine from Outer Space '' masterpieces now . Were the two guys canoodling ? I think they were because it took so long for what 's his name to notice Julia . Can a man be that dumb ? And Mr. Brideshead was boring , lackluster and an idiot to boot . Like a brother-in-law from Hell . Too bad Evelyn Waugh did n't include a chapter called `` A Visit to Texas '' . There , all the male characters would have been summarily beaten up . And do n't compare this `` drama '' to `` Upstairs , Downstairs '' . Hudson has more class in the tip of his pinky finger than the endless parade of morons in B.R. I 'm not even selling this DVD on e-Bay , because it 's just too embarrassing . I 'm going to bury it in the dirt . Then I 'm going to watch `` I , Claudius '' or `` House of Cards '' or some other decent series , and pop open a beer . Back to Julia . She was quite sizzling . She was a high point in this series , if you happen to have any testosterone . Why must upper-class English men be so dang weird ? My father said that their DNA had been worn out long ago . I thought , after the guy with the teddy bear vomited in the dorm room , it could n't get any worse . Well , it did . The vomiting was the high point . How can there be so many people ranking this series 5 stars ? I still think I 'm missing something . Or it could be a conspiracy ? Just to drive the rest of us completely mad . If the Tower of London ever becomes a prison again , they could play this series as punishment for the hardened criminals . They would actually cry for the return of the rack and thumbscrews . After you watch this program , you will know how a brain tumor feels . And why was the WW II army camping around the estate ? Was the British army invading Britain ? Were there Nazis at Brideshead ? Were they all in the drawing room with a beer keg ? Nothing in this story makes any sense . And do any of these people have jobs ? Oh yeah , painter . Whoopty-doo . If you ask me , this whole series is one long chick flick . Do n't let women force you to watch it ! Guys , if you are forced to watch this , go to a monster truck rally immediately after viewing this DVD . And do n't read the book either !
 I fail to grasp why this thing gets such grand reviews ... certainly Mr. Irons is a taciturn personhood , great & scopey ... yet , this series is folly with a dash of travesty .
 If you want quality buy MiddleMarch or Pride and Prejudice . This 11 hour saga bored me . Perhaps the tempo is better suited for novel form because I found the miniseries slow and painful . I also have gripes about steamrolling the plot into religion at the 11th hour and about resolving major conflict offscreen.The cast is stellar . The country is beautiful . It 's everything else I do n't like .
 Having seen all the five star reviews , I thought this was going to be a winner and looked forward to getting it . It was a real letdown . Without going into the storyline , let me say that it was a waste of time . I like stories that have endings that are satisfying . This story was not one of them . It seems that all the characters in this story have no happiness . The only thing I liked about the story was the scenery and sets which were top notch . If I could give it a grade , the sets and scenery would get five stars and the story only one or two . Save your money and if you want a long story , buy the Pallisers . It is so much better than this one .
 If you know about this already then my review wo n't matter to you . But if you 're in general a BBC fan , this is SO sexually ambiguous - or it wants to be but it 's not - you may want to keep it from children . There is nothing graphic or obvious but the interest shown between the feminine boys in the movie just is not balanced enough .
 This is one of my favorite tv shows of all time , but I have never been so disappointed in any product as I was with this one . Do n't bother buying the Blu-Ray version . It has been remastered in some way for high definition that results in a flat , colorless picture that is overly bright and has little detail . -LRB- I had the same problem with the new version of Upstairs-Downstairs , also by Acorn Media . -RRB- I watched about fifteen minutes of it before I gave up and got out the DVD version and watched it on my up-converting DVD player . With the DVD version , the picture is a little blurry , but at least there is color and detail , and the picture is not flat . If you already have it on DVD , leave well enough alone . If you do n't have it at all do n't buy the Blu-Ray version , invest in a $ 50 up-converting DVD player instead .
 The beginning of Bridesheasd Revisited is very slow moving and , at times , difficult to understand . The protagonist is more of an observer as he narrates the story of his life and his involvement with the eccentric and wealthy young Oxford student from Brideshead . The DVD was not of good quality and got stuck after episode four so I was not able to see the complete film . Perhaps it got better as it went along ; I will never know .
 After all the glowing reviews I read , I was so excited to start this series . But , much as it pains me to say this , for anyone who 's gotten used to faithful-to-the-period adaptations of classic works , know that this will be a painful journey , to say the least . Jeremy Irons is a dream of an actor , as always , and the early `` Chapters '' of this series are quite as good as in the novel . That devoted , barely acknowledged current of homoerotic chemistry is played to perfection , as well as Ryder 's rather subtle character -- wide-eyed and curious/admiring inductee into stylish living , but also self-contained , confident , andconscientiously repressing of his gawkish tendencies . Later , Irons also does a very good brooding artist . But Irons 's skill , reasonable sets , good pacing , and good -LRB- read
 Brideshead Revisited
 I purchased the new Blu-ray box set of Brideshead Revisited assuming that the DVD would have been digitally remastered and the picture quality and sound improved . I already own the 25th Anniversary Collector 's Edition from Acorn Media with all the DVD extras and special features . I am horribly disappointed to find that the image quality is exactly the same as the old edition with dull muddy colours and an unclear almost VHS quality image . The master has definitely not been remastered in any way . This DVD set is NOT up to Blu-ray standards . Do not purchase it if you already have the earlier edition . A total waste of money !! If Pride and Prejudice -LRB- TV series -RRB- could be remastered beautifully for Blu-ray why ca n't Bridehead Revisited be done as well .
 Its ok for a single DVD . However , if you are looking for an extended documentary on his life , buy the big 4 or 5 DVD volume by Ken Burns , there 's nothing like it , and it spends quite a lot of time on Bird . Its a must-have for jazz fans .
 I was very disappointed because i thought it was a realistic documentary with real footage but it was more of a guy rambling on and on with a lot of still photography . I am a documentary addict and this was not up to standard . i dont recommend it to anyone if you are used to the National geographic and History channel programs . It is no where near any of those quality shows .
 I bought an old 2004 used copy of the movie because I love Sophia Myles acting . Based on the director comments comparing it to The Others and Sixth Sense , I was expecting a ghostie or two , but there was n't even one . I guess the caretaker standing in the yard saying he did n't go to THE WOODS relates to the gardener in The Others , also the little girl saying her stepmother was MAD . Could n't find anything that reminded me of The Sixth Sense . Too slow moving , too contrived , a lot of the plot did n't really make sense -LRB- she had so many opportunities to leave and did n't -RRB- , none of the acting rang true like you expect in a movie , and of course the ending stinks . I 'll donate it to the local library instead of saving it to watch again .
 If this story were a car it would be a clapped out Lada . There is nothing to recommend it at all and I speak as a Pertwee fan . Get `` Inferno '' or `` The Silurians '' instead - they are infinitely better .
 Why in the world are they releasing a special edition of `` The Claws of Axos ? '' This is one of the worst Jon Pertwee stories ever made ! Terrible plot , appalling acting from most of the guest stars , oddly phallic monsters , and the last few minutes of the plot , including the last action scene , are ridiculous ! I scratch my head at the wisdom of a special edition of this one . It 's one that this die hard Doctor Who fan will skip .
 A film adaption of H.P. Lovecraft 's short story `` From Beyond '' , there is little in this movie that will attract Lovecraft 's readers . The scientist is portrayed as a man who was into kinky sex -LRB- and as anyone who has ever read Lovecraft knows , he would NEVER have included such details in his stories -RRB- , and uses the addition of a police officer and a lady who seems to become possessed by the spirit of the dead man to eat up the majority of the plot . Great if you 're into gory movies or Lovecraft , but this is really a throwaway .
 This is the worst example of stereotyping of witches I 've ever seen . It should be renamed `` 4 Hours of ads for BAD Witch Movies . '' All the depictions of witches in this video are so negative that it definitely leads one to believe that all the bad publicity given to witches is justified .
 Too slow . I expected more action which I did not get in this double feature .
 The cast and production are splendid . The subtitles are an abomination . They often make no sense whatsoever . How the director could have allowed his excellent work to be marred in this way is beyond me . With proper subtitles , this should be a best seller .
 The Brentwood version is of very poor quality . I love Bob Hope movies , but I 'm sorry I spent the money on this one !
 I ordered this so I could watch it for a paper . Too bad it never arrived and I had to scramble at last minute to find a copy .
 This was a very interesting movie about a British woman helping the Allies in occupied France during WWII . Fascinating story - unfortunately the tape kept pausing in our VCR and we missed quite a bit of the dialogue toward the end . I think the tape had been on the shelf too long . What a shame !
 Does not include any of the amazing behind the scenes content originally released on the DVD . Why would a studio release such an extraordinary FX film with incredible production values on a format that can hold so much information , and fail to include the extras ? If you 're a fan of behind the scenes content , hold onto your DVDs.Movie - A + . Blu-Ray value for Spider-Man 1 & 2 - FAIL .
 If you are not versed at all with Spiderman , DO NOT see this movie . I was told by a lot of people I work with that this was much better than the first , were they wrong !!! The movie leaves a lot of unanswered questions . The plot is a joke . Emotions in this movie are very easily changed and are not beliveable . Tobey Maguire does the best he can with the silly plot . I myself have never read a Spiderman comic book in my life but a friend of mine I went with had . She was equally dissapointed with it . I know that when most people go to see a movie , they understand that there is a lot that his going to be fiction . This movie really , REALLY stretches that concept . Example . You want Spiderman dead so bad that you are willing to let an evil scientist have something that could cause the deaths of millions of people just to get the chance to kill Spiderman . Only when you have the opportunity , it only takes 30 seconds to change that idea . This is just one of the many scenes that takes place in this movie that really do n't make sense . Also , I do n't know about you but if I were in a bank , I would notice a man with 8 limbs , 4 of which are metal , come in!Harry Potter was released a month ago . I thought that movie was 100 times better . It has a plot , a hero and a well thought out script . Spiderman 2 seems to struggle to get a very predictable plot climax at the end as well as having a hard time bringing a lot of ideas to a head . Like a lot of people in the theater with me , confusion was on the brain . Save your money , see Harry instead . Harry Potter that is !
 When I saw the first part I like it , it was good , but I thought the second part was infantile . The screen players have abused of the disgraces of Peter Parker , there are so many embarrassing situations leaving the starring in ridiculous , you want to leave the cinema.And who had the idea to put video clip in the middle of the film ? And why that bad end with Kirsten Dunst ? There 's a moment the movie it 's slow and boring , the character of Dr Octopus does n't look like that bright scientist , and dangerous for his ideas.Buy something better .
 i loved the first spiderman and really looked forward to seeing this one . unfortunately it 's horrible . it may be the worst edited movie i have ever seen . the whole thing does n't make sense , jumps around , doc ock is hardly in the movie , etc. do n't believe the hype . if you judge this movie on its own merits , you will see just how bad it really is .
 I was very excited about this movie when it first came out and wanted to see it badly and well it was stupid . It just focuses on Peter Parker 's life and how he tries to get MJ . We really do n't care about Peter Parker we just want to see Spiderman . I have to say the first one is a whole lot better than the second one . The acting in the second one is very lame it almost looks like everyone is about to fall asleep . I do n't get it why a lot of people think Spiderman 2 is better than the first one it was n't the first one is a whole lot better and the new villian to the second one sucks . I felt sorry for him though when he had to turn into Doc Ock he really did n't seem like a bad guy . He seemed like a nice guy just was mad that he had that stuff on him . Green Goblin was a lot better . I 'm sort of lookin forward to Spiderman 3 ca n't wait to see Harry as Goblin this will be interesting . Doc Ock really sucked and was n't that scary . I do n't really like the actor who played Spiderman he 's such a nerd . He was a good choice for Spiderman but I just do n't really like the guy at all he 's annoying but anyways this was the worst Marvel movie I have ever seen stick with first Spiderman it 's better the second Spiderman sucks .
 Before everyone goes all crazy on me because I did not like this movie , just know that I really tried and wanted to like it . Okay now , on to the review . I 'm a big fan of the 50 's cartoons -LRB- I so want that new box set ! -RRB- . It had a very good taste to it . As the years went by and the cartoon series got older -LRB- around the end of the 80 's -RRB- , it began to lose it 's touch . I was hoping Sony would make this movie more like the 50 's cartoons instead of the first one but it looks like they went there own way . What 's the problem ? Tobey Maguire ca n't act , the villain is laughable -LRB- wach the ending -RRB- , you do n't care about Maguire and Dunst relationship , not enough Spidey action , and you spend half the film laughing at Tobey Maguire facial exspressions -LRB- wach the train seane !!!! -RRB- . Dunst is the ONLY good person at acting , well , the guy who played the villain was good to , but besids that , no one can act . I was hoping we would get a better film from the guy who made Evil Dead and Darkman . oh well , I guess every one has there flops . Now before you start complaying that I 'm wrong this film is good , or that guy is full of it , please first know that I tried hard to like this movie , I really did . Okay , you can wine now !
 I despise this movie ! The first is so much more entertaining . It 's 2 hours long , the best part of th emovie is the last 30 minutes . It 's so slow and takes FOREVER to get going . Stop the film series ! It 's time squish the spidey ! Bring out the pest control !
 I actually enjoyed this film when I saw it in the theater . Looking back ; I must have been on some sort of drugs or something because this movie is horrible . Actually both films are stupid as can be . Shooting web out of your hands ? Come on ! You ca n't do that in real life . How about the guy with like 8 arms ; like we have n't read this in a comic book somewhere before . I swear these movies are a rip off of an old comic book , but I ca n't remember what it 's called . I have no respect for a movie that steals ideas from a comic book . I think they even used some of the same names . I 'm sure the producers are laughing all the way to the bank .
 This is not a review of Spiderman 2 , because it 's one of my very favorite movies . Nor is it a review of the Superbit technology . I do n't own a Superbit-capable DVD player as of yet.The reason I gave this version only one star is because it 's missing all the extra features . I know the Superbit version takes more space on the DVD , but I was hoping there would be a 2nd disk just as comes with the other versions , but there is not . There is n't even a paper copy of the chapter preview . I paid extra for this DVD , I thought it would come with all the bells and whistles . I will be exchanging it for a wide-screen version .
 I could tell you all the things I hated about this movie , but there just is n't enough time in ones life for that . I 've seen alot of bad movies this year , but this one takes the cake . I 'm even tempted to watch Gigli because I ca n't believe that any movie could be worse than this one . I liked the plot pretty well and at times thought it could be a good movie . Then there is the acting . I know Tobey Maguire is a better actor than this , and Kirsten Dunst put up her usual poor performance . I think Kirsten Dunst peaked as an actor at age 10 . She has gotten steadily worse over time , but in this movie she was really really bad .
 This movie did not fill it 's axpectations , it was horible ! I 'd like to see the producers come up with another one , how in a million years would peter survive if EVERYONE knows it 's him ? , He does n't have to be a perfect gentlemen but taking off his mask to everyone he meets , the whole movie was moronic I would of enjoyed it if that weird gravity thing erased people 's memory and , that Auto guy could control his arms after all he was n't even evil !
 I really wanted to see this one badly after I saw the trailers to it but when I saw it I did n't get anything but a huge romance flick . I enjoyed the first one the most but the second one was bad . It only showed 20 minutes of action . The movie was just a complete failure . Peter was too whiny in this one and it was really irritating me . The raindrops scene was corny . The acting was horribly bad . The special effects were amazing and the Doc Ock scenes were pretty cool . During the half of the movie I was about to walk out because Peter was being annoying and whiny and he was trying to get to MJ and he could n't till the end of the movie . I was expecting to see Spiderman through the whole movie and not seeing how much Peter Parker 's life sucks . But anyways the first one is way better this one is not worth it . The only thing that 's good about this movie is the special effects and the Doc Ock scenes but the rest of it was just boring .
 Disappointing and dull sequel . Put it this way , I 'm not looking forward to # 3 . Took the kids and another adult to see it . We were all bored . There were times when the movie grabbed you , but it seemed more like a parody than a continuation of the series . I was totally lost when `` Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head '' played while Peter Parker walked down the streets . This is the same thing that happened to Spy Kids , Star Wars and other successful originals-greed takes over and quality suffers . So busy to rush to capitalize off the original , that the story , what little there is , takes a backseat to profit.Of course the effects were good , and if you do the movie , be prepared to have your finger on the fast-forward button a lot.There were times when Parker annoyed me . His grandmother is behind on her mortgage , and he just wallows in self-pity rather than helping her . Then he mopes some more and she loses her house . Then he mopes some more and bores me to death . I was a fan of the comics , and he would bend over backwards for his aunt . When I saw the scene where they show the past-due mortgage , I figured he 'd spring into action and at least take a few pictures of himself to sell to the newspaper . And he does n't even help her move out of the house . She had to get some little neighbor kid to help . Again , in the comics he 's not mental , just a teenager with teenager problems ; so it made me wonder if the writer was at all familiar with the Spiderman comics.The theater was close to packed the day I went . I noticed one laugh from the audience , some mild amusement about two times , and that was it . When it ended I looked around and everybody seemed as relieved as I was that it ended.If you do decide to see this movie , see if you can sneak in a blanket and pillow .
 I wanted to see this movie so bad , I took a trip to Boston one weekend to see it at IMAX . Wow , was I disappointed . When did Peter Parker turn into such a crybaby ? He cried through the whole movie . I truly LOVED part one , but thought this one was way too melodramatic for a comic book story . And the whole keeping the secret from MJ just got old . Is he going to come out to her or not ? Just do it already . Good thing my friend Jay hated it as much as I did.I do know that my opinion is not the popular one . Most of my friends loved it , I just thought it turned Peter Parker into a big cry baby . Boo Hoo already .
 After the amazing Spider-man , which was full of action , adventure , and intrigue , Spider-Man 2 falls flat . The commercial and ads make it look like it 's another Spider-Man , but be warned , it 's not . The action scenes you see in the commercials are the only scenes with anything interesting shown in them , and most of the movie is just Peter Parker sitting in his aunt 's house drinking tea , and/or hanging out with Mary Jane , who has a more boring character than she did in the first one . This movie has the audacity to call itself an action movie , but it is more of a teen angst drama , with one or two scenes of action . In fact , I do not see why this movie got a PG-13 rating for violence . It 's closer to a G . This movie is a BIG letdown after the first one , and it will not be on anyone 's future list of favorites -LRB- or at least , I hope not -RRB- .
 I really enjoyed the first Spider-Man film . It was one of the best movies of 2002 . I liked it so much , in fact , I went out and bought a personal copy for my home collection . I was thinking of doing the same for Spider-Man 2 before even watching it , since I have heard its surpasses the first from most of the people I have talked to . Instead I rented it , and I was expecting something amazing . What did I get instead of that ? A corny , bubble gum piece of fluff . Spider-Man 2 was just a very predictable movie without much of a well played out story , unlike the first one which unfolded really well . Kirstein Dunst , Tobey Mcguire and the rest of the cast can hardly act . They were horrible , with goofy , cheesey lines that I felt embarresed to even listen to at times . I also did n't like the plot very much , even though I really dig comic book films and I love the art style . Needless to say , the special effects were top notch , and the action wase n't too shabby . The rest of the movie falls flat though , unfortunately . I want the two hours and ten minutes of my life back ! Well , this was another lousy 2004 movie and another Hollywood big name box office cash in . I 'm telling you , only rent it if you must see it ! Do NOT purchase it for any price . You 'll be sorry . Now I wont be excited for Spider-Man 3 , if they even make it .
 Peter Parker -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- is burning the candle at both ends . While trying to police the streets as Spider Man at night , he 's going to school and working do the day , but he ca n't keep it up . Meanwhile , he 's losing touch with his friends Mary Jane -LRB- Kirsten Dunst -RRB- and Harry -LRB- James Franco -RRB- , who is still hacked off about the death of his father at Spidey 's hands in S-M 1 . This second movie largely concerns itself with whether Peter will give up his heroism to pursue MJ and his studies , or follow his destiny as Spider-Man . These existensial questions crowd out the action plot , which involves a mad scientist -LRB- Alfred Molina -RRB- who is trying to ... . do something with a big glowing machine.There 's so much blather about duty , responsibility , and the use of power in SPIDER-MAN 2 that I have to say I 've seen Ingmar Bergman movies with a better sense of pace . Maguire , terminally diffident , spends a lot of time looking confused and bumbling around , while Dunst and Franco are wasted . Molina finds some nuance in his role , but the script disappears him for far too long in mid-film . Rosemary Harris is good as Aunt May , but she 's saddled with a ridiculous speech about heroism.The action scenes do perk things up , especially when Maguire and Molina fight on a moving train , and although I 'm not a fan of digital effects I thought they were well blended in here.One other major quibble
 I found this film to be somewhat boring . Though I enjoy comic book movie franchises , Spiderman is my least favorite .
 I thought it was slow and predictable . Tobey was good as Spiderman but his character seemed a bit whiny and was too much of an idiot . I do n't get it why everyone likes Spiderman so much it 's not that good of a movie . I did n't like the first one much either both Spiderman movies suck and I hope the 3rd one will be better but it will probably be the same as the first two . It 's in my opinion if I did n't like it do n't get mad why I did n't like it I just did n't like it .
 If I wanted to watch Tobey Macguire whine for two hours , I 'd punch him in the stomach . I did n't read the comic book version - is Peter Parker a whiny little dork who feels sorry for himself all the time in the comic ? I hope not.Also , the big bad guy descends into lunacy a little quickly for my taste . I 'm just not buying it.Other than that , there was some pretty good action scenes , I guess .
 To anyone who likes this movie , I will put forth this question and answer me within your hearts.Is , is is not Kirsten Dunst nothing but a trinket at Spiderman 's side ? If the answer is no , look at the picture of kirsten on the dvd cover once more.Thats it.Yes.I see your eyes widening.See it now ? You should.From most guys , I would expect them to enjoy this.But to my fellow women , coem on , what is the matter with you?Mary Jane is just a sexual object , who is the perfect 8th century damsel who is helpless , wimpy , pathetic and always eager to be saved by the ` big strong hero ' who has to make ` huge desicions ' . Wimpering , whiny , not self reliant or self sufficient in the least the ` over exposed mary jane -LRB- Remember the ` ahem ' wet shirt incident in the first movie ? -RRB- alone sets back the womens liberaytion movement a decade or four.Its degrading and disgusting.Equal to charlies angels II , infact.Even you have to admit , when she said ` go get 'em tiger ' , it was a wincing moment.Don ' t say no , I was with most of you in the theatre and heard it myself.while many of you would like to think this is a nice story , this is no love story but just disgusting.Dunst is a horible actress.And to those whos scoff , I ` used to be ' - and used ' is the opperative word here - a HUGE spidy fan.I waited for the theatre and was sorely dissapointed.The second one dashed my hopes all over again and I am not going to waste money watching the third installment of this embarassment of a trilogy.If you have any sense of dignity for your gender , or the men for their wives , daughters , girlfreinds , you will come to see there is truth to what I say .
 I could n't believe how incredibly lousy this movie was . The first one was all right , but the second was a definite anti climax . Besides I was cheated . The one reason I went to see the movie was because of the magnificent music on the trailers . The orchestration was wonderful , unfortunately , it was n't in the movie . The acting was bad , the plot was bad , and the characters were exceedingly annoying in this one . If you know whats good for you , you 'll stay away from this movie .
 This review is for those of you who are getting tired of superhero movies . If you 're sick of these bubblegum flicks , you 're probably not going to read a review on it anyway . But , if I can stop just one soul from wasting 2 hours of their life and killing some more brain cells , this review will be worth it . To start off , remember that this is Howard Stern 's favorite movie franchise.More one dimensional acting from Tobey Maguire . More horrible acting from Kirsten Dunst -LRB- her last name is so apropos -RRB- . And some dreadful scenery chewing by James Franco . Be careful , that set 's not dipped in chocolate , you know . What really boggles my mind are the reviews that praise the actors in this . There 's some really shoddy CGI here , too . No question about it , the CGI in the first SPIDERMAN was better . The story had me yawning and yelling , `` C'mon , '' at the television . Wait a minute ? What story ? You know , the generic superhero story where the girl is in peril and the hero saves her at the last ... blah , blah , blah . Why tell an original story when you have SPIDERMAN and CGI to pull in the crowds . Can an action flick be boring ? This one is so boring , I was staring at the walls of my living room watching a real spider that was spinning a web . You also get some crummy `` B '' movie special effects at the conclusion . What the heck did they spend all that money on ? Probably marketing and advertising . Even Alfred Molina could n't save this dog of an action flick . The only reason I rented this is because Molina is such a great actor -LRB- and the first movie was somewhat decent -RRB- . But , if you 're looking for acting , avoid this like the plague . This is COMMERCIAL HOLLYWOOD FRANCHISE PRODUCT ENTERTAINMENT at it 's worst . Save your money and buy a `` happy face '' t-shirt instead . SPIDERMAN 2 is mindless eye candy for the masses.IT 'S OFFICIAL
 BORING ! The first spiderman in the best . I just saw part 3 and I did n't think it was all that bad.But part 2 just makes no sense . Such a cliche ... poor parker does n't want to be a good guy anymore and live a lonely life . He wants to be normal . Come on . You have to give me better than that.And the Doc Oc character was pathetic . You need to have a `` bad '' guy people actually care about . You never got to knew anything about him . No development . BORING character.The reason Spiderman 1 is clearly the best is because of the Green Goblin . By far the best character/actor in the series . You believed in the Goblin character and I actually was rooting for him . lolBrilliant acting job!So all you spiderman 2 lovers . Just go watch general hospital or some other cheesy soap opera . Same thing .
 I was very bored by this movie and was about to walk out of the theater . Please do n't listen to the other reviewers saying it was awesome . It really was n't . We all got our own opinions about movies if we like them or not but in my opinion I thought this movie was too slow . It did n't really have any action in it at all it was just some drama about how much Peter 's life sucks and how he tries to get MJ . The scene where the people were helping out Spidey was very corny . There were some scenes I laughed at like at the part where Peter is doing his laundry and his costume got his clothes ruined I was laughing and at the part where Peter fell on the ground and he gets his back hurt I was laughing at that too . There were some funny parts and some good parts you 'll like but the whole movie just sucked . The only great part about this movie was when where Peter and MJ where at the Deli and that car was flying through the glass that scene was awesome but the whole movie just sucked . If you did n't like the first one you wo n't like this one either it 's worse ! I hope the 3rd one is better and I hope they wo n't bring back Goblin he sucked .
 This was an OKAY movie . But the plot was basically reused from the first movie with a new villain . A scientist wants to try out an expierement , everything goes wrong , scientist goes crazy , and wants to stop Spiderman and have everything go his way . Nothing original here.Some flaws include Mary Jane Watson , Doc Ock , and well Peter losing his powers.Why is M.J. Watson in this movie ? What use does she have , except for a reason to make Peter lose his powers ? She is worthless in this storyline , she is annoying too . The love story does n't make sense , Peter talks with M.J. for about 2 minutes and then she `` loves him '' and cries when he leaves her -LRB- I know it happens in the first movie , but still , it 's stupid , the love story is obviously faked . -RRB- Doc Ock was in this movie for about 10 minutes , and about 8 of those minutes he was a good guy or he was talking with Harry . The train/bank fight was cool , but way too short . The last `` battle '' was pathetic , he spends days or whatever trying to make this energy whatever and then Peter tells Doc Ock what Otto taught Peter and Doc Ock changes -LRB- somehow -RRB- , blah blah blah , boring.Why did Peter lose his powers ? Because he did n't want them ? That 's stupid . Boring , I want to see a SPIDER MAN movie , not a movie about a nerdy Peter Parker and worthless M.J. cry and complain that Peter is n't always there for her . No one cares , next please.The only thing good about the movie is the 2 minute scenes of Spiderman vs. Doc Ock . the intro , Harry and MJ finding out Peter is Spiderman.The music was reused , the plot was reused . Boring .
 I found that all the action in the movie you can see on the preview of it . The story is slow ; the drama makes you wish to slop Peter . The effects save if of flying though the window . To match attention to the special effects , not to the story . That made it not enjoyable . It sucks
 I found myself repeatedly wanting to leave the theatre , at times the suspense was so sophmoric , I truly thought how unengaging the conflicts were . An avid comic follower for years , this truly made me want to cringe .
 This movie did not fill it 's axpectations , it was horible ! I 'd like to see the producers come up with another one , how in a million years would peter survive if EVERYONE knows it 's him ? , He does n't have to be a perfect gentlemen but taking off his mask to everyone he meets , the whole movie was moronic I would of enjoyed it if that weird gravity thing erased people 's memory and , that Auto guy could control his arms after all he was n't even evil !
 I was shocked at how poor this movie was . The first one was very good , a little cheesy ... this one was absolutely horrible and extremely cheesy . If you have n't seen this tur#$@@l yet I 'd seriously take a pass on this one .
 My wife and I finally saw this movie . She was very anxious to watch this movie , especially since she love the first one and I thought the first one was good.After watching , we both agreed that it was slow , boring and pointless . Personally I did n't care for the love story and the villian did n't have enough to do . I cant really write about it since there was n't much to it.Gripe
 Question how can this be a new extended dvd if the old one is 128 mins ? this one is 127 mins .
 I have never been so disgusted with a movie in my entire life . The dialogue was worse than Showgirls . No real person would say or do half the things these characters do . If you like this movie you are a moron .
 The Bottom Line : Coupling a dead fish of a romance with a complete anti-climax of a superhero movie , Spider-man 2 fails in almost every conceivable way ; put it this way , it 's never a good sign when your villain is five times more likable and sympathetic as your superhero .
 Unlike the first Spiderman movie , this one spends too much time on the adolescent turmoil of the lead characters introduced previously . Too much tension has been created between the characters Peter Parker and Mary Jane . Peter 's vulnerability has been pathetically over-played . The reincarnation of the Goblin near the end of the movie is what gives me hope that a third movie would help avenge the tragedy of this one .
 OK , I have to respond to the horribly incorrect evaluations of Spiderman 2 that have been posted on here as well as on rottentomatoes.com . I absolutely love Spiderman 1 . The movie caught Peter 's excitement at leaving high school , his feeling of apprehension about what is in store for his future , and his questioning of who it is that he should become . The message `` With great power comes great responsibility , '' was brilliantly interwoven with the plot , and the scenes really created many dimensions to the character of Peter Parker and the changes that he goes through as he transforms into a hero . When I saw Spiderman 2 , I was spellbound by the opening credits , which are totally gorgeous drawings of the classic scenes in Spiderman 1 . Unfortunately , the quality of the opening credits surpassed the quality of the rest of the movie . The only reason that critics like this movie so much is because Peter is miserable , `` life sucks , '' everything 's going wrong , and somehow critics seem to like stuff like that -LRB- i.e. , `` Lost in Translation '' and other `` Life is stupid '' type of movies -RRB- . Spiderman 2 did not convey ANY message besides `` Be honest with yourself and to others . '' That was absolutely it . And the issues brought up with Peter struggling to be a hero AND a college student are never resolved in the movie . The so-called solution given by Aunt May is `` Self-sacrifice '' and `` selflessness '' , which basically imply that he has to flunk out in order to be a hero . This movie was so forgettable , having no moving scenes like the first movie did . In fact , just a day or two after having seen the movie , I ca n't remember anything except the appearance of Doc Ock and my confusion over the pointless Chocolate Cake Girl Scene . The special effects are n't even that great -- the nuclear fusion thing looked totally fake , and the villain 's oh so amazing `` redemption '' at the end was just plain corny . The Green Goblin was actually insane , right up to the moment he died , and that was a villain to remember . I even felt sorry for the hot guy that MJ ditched at their wedding -- this very kind astronaut guy was humiliated and unfairly let down by MJ on their wedding day . I just had no sympathy for the main characters this time around . Peter was not the same sweet , pure guy that spoke those loving words to MJ in Aunt May 's hospital room in Spiderman 1 .
 2 & stars for SPIDERMAN 2 . Where should I start with this disappointment ? Well , there was an underlying feeling of dissatisfaction for this reviewer with the ` beat down ' approach to the film-that is , with the way that absolutely nothing seemed to go right for Peter Parker . While there was an expectation that things would begin to look up as the cinematic denouement approached , the grim experience that was SPIDERMAN 2 was slow to improve as the movie progressed.There were several other things that I can quickly point out after watching the movie too : First , was the dippy and drawn out ` train scene . ' For this reviewer , this is where a lot of the problems began . Aside from the villain having no reason whatsoever to even drag Spiderman into his problems -LRB- he could have very easily taken what he wanted from Peter 's ` friend ' without this preposterous detour , though SPIDERMAN 2 would have been missing about 30 % of content -RRB- , after the villain taunted Spiderman to ` catch the train , ' it was really quite boring to watch him do things that were so absurd
 The first Spiderman was entertaining . It did what it was supposed to do , which was give every comic book loving man and woman a decent action flick . The new Spiderman however has lost something . The directing is shoddy at best . The script is awful . There are just too many awful lines . '' ... you 're just an empty seat ... '' `` I 've always been standing in your doorway . '' Spiderman is supposed to have a serious side , but the script was total garbage . The actors did a good job with what was given to them , but the story just could not hold up the foundations . Overall a disappointing movie .
 I guess I am in the minority . I thought the film was entertaining but I certainly do n't think it deserves all the hoopla that 's been going around . Visually , it did n't offer anything that was new . The plot was very different from the first but what I liked about the first one was the character development ... getting to know who these people are . In Spider 2 , it seemed that there were so many maudlin moments that were unnecessary . Constantly telling the audience that things are bad . Alrgiht . I got the point . Move on . I thought the acting was very forced also . Too many tears for a comic book character . In fact , every character had some tears to shed at various points , even the bad guys , the supporting actors and the EXTRAS !!! C'mon . This is NOT heavy drama and could NEVER be construed as such so why throw it in so many times ?
 I like comic books . I like superheroes . And after hearing everyone talk about how this is one of the best superhero movies around , I figured I 'd give it a shot though the first Spidey film did n't impress me much.Well , this is a pretty bad movie . Scratch that . It 's not bad . It 's just not very good . And it 's damn annoying . If this is what people think makes a good comic book movie -LRB- including people who read comics -RRB- then I guess I must read them for different reasons.To begin with , I only liked one character in the whole film . Doctor Octopus as portrayed by Alfred Molina was an exceptional character , alternately likable , sinister , and tragic . As for the rest of these whiny narcissistic babies , all I can say is yuck . Toby Macguirer 's portrayal of Peter Parker is a complete and utter loser who has no self-esteem , common sense , or personality . He just mopes . MJ is just as bad , being a terrible friend who is primarily concerned with herself . And Norman Osbourne is willing to put his friends ' lives and the whole city in danger in his obsessive desire to kill Spider-Man . J. Jonah Jamesone comes across as a walking cartoon.I also just did n't care for the story . Of course , Peter Parker would have no life if he went chasing after every siren he heard . NEWSFLASH
 They say never to mess with a winning formula . Spider-Man made a HUGE ammount of money in theaters , and set quite a few records . People really loved this movie , -LRB- myself included . -RRB- It had all the action it needed , characters were well-developed , and it was just like a comic book . It was even very funny and enjoyable.Why , then , did they mess this up with Spider-Man 2 ? All the fun of the first movie is gone , instead replaced by endless sappy conversations . Other reviewers have mentioned all the crying that goes on in this movie . I agree , there was way too much of it . In almost every scene , characters are always in tears . This was not what I expected from a sequel to one of the best ACTION movies of 2002 ! This one tries way too hard to be dramatic , and it was simply boring.The plot was not fun , either . Essentially , Spider-Man distances himself from all his friends , and they 're all upset about that . There you go . Oh yeah , and there 's a scientist who installed tentacles onto himself and is now on a violent rampage.Compared to the plot of the first movie , this one is simply laughable . There is also almost no action scenes in this movie . Maybe 2 or 3 big action sequences , but the rest of the movie is simply one `` crying scene '' after another.The action scenes , by the way , are n't really as much fun as in the first movie . Sure , they are bigger and more explosive , but they are too violent to be fun . Now , violence is not a problem for me in most cases . I really like many movies and video games that people considder violent . But it seemed so pointless and out of place in Spider-Man 2 that it drained all the fun out of the action scenes . Endless close-ups of people SCREAMING at the camera before being killed is not only very violent , but it 's also cheesy . -LRB- What is this , a B-movie ? -RRB- A big scene showcased on the trailers and commercials `` Let 's see who is behind the mask ! '' Is not nearly as cool as it seems . They wanted you to expect this to be a huge deal , and this whole scene ended up falling flat.Overall , Spider-Man 2 was simply a dull , tear-filled sequel to one of the coolest movies of 2002 . Obviously , you should see this if you were a fan of the original simply to see where they 're going with the story , but overall ... this movie just does n't even come close to what the first movie offered .
 Arrived on time and it was a great price and I will take a look at it in the future
 I was very bored by this movie and was about to walk out of the theater . Please do n't listen to the other reviewers saying it was awesome . It really was n't . We all got our own opinions about movies if we like them or not but in my opinion I thought this movie was too slow . It did n't really have any action in it at all it was just some drama about how much Peter 's life sucks and how he tries to get MJ . The scene where the people were helping out Spidey was very corny . There were some scenes I laughed at like at the part where Peter is doing his laundry and his costume got his clothes ruined I was laughing and at the part where Peter fell on the ground and he gets his back hurt I was laughing at that too . There were some funny parts and some good parts you 'll like but the whole movie just sucked . The only great part about this movie was when where Peter and MJ where at the Deli and that car was flying through the glass that scene was awesome but the whole movie just sucked . If you did n't like the first one you wo n't like this one either it 's worse ! I hope the 3rd one is better and I hope they wo n't bring back Goblin he sucked .
 Stay away from this film it 's horrible after I read the reviews when they said it was better than the first one well I saw it and it sucked just like the first one did . The cast looked like they were about to fall asleep when they were making the film and it also looked like they were getting tired of doing of the series . Why in the hell do they make the trailers look so cool then I see it and I get a total rip off of good money ? It sucks but anyways be smart and do not see this film it 's dumb .
 If you are a big CGI fan then buy or rent this but if you want content then skip this one . I know I know it was one of the `` best '' movies of the year and everyone loves it . After 50 minutes I was bored and turned it off . I just felt like it was just a forum to showcase CGI not the comic 's series.My favorite comics movies is still X-Men . Sorry Spidey fans , I just was n't impressed .
 I can understand just wanting to watch a trashy action film but this movie was just annoying . Tobey Maguire did his best to convince us that he really is a wet noodle . His snivelling self-conflicted , let-me-show-you-my-feminine-side routine was a bit overplayed . For a minute I thought that it was the exact character that he played in Cider House . Somehow I could n't help imagining Roger Ebert with a toothy grin , ramming popcorn in his mush while fawning over Maguire 's touching portrayal of a superhero in conflict . Seriously , this was a casting disaster that the marketing department saved . A few reviews ago somebody mentioned `` not seeing enough of maquire 's body . '' Was that a joke ? After seeing him in this film I am ready to concede that there is a place for steroid use in this world . Reading these reviews I 'm suspecting that the production company is paying people to write reviews on amazon .
 There was nothing Amazing or Spectacular in the Web of Spider-man 2 . It truly is the one of worst movies ever made plain and simple . I do n't understand how people constantly deride Batman and Robin and Catwoman but call this horrible film the best superhero movie of all time . At least Batman and Robin and Catwoman were movies that focused on one story and paced so they did n't to put you to sleep . This slow boring sequel did n't know what it wanted to be about . Spider-Man 2 tries to be an action movie , a comedy , a romance and an art house film all at once . This movie has such a bad case of ADHD you need Ritalin just to view the DVD.The posters and the trailers feature big action sequences between Spider-man and Doc Ock . That 's false advertising . Only about ten percent of the movie has Spider-man fighting Doc Ock . Sixty percent of the movie focuses on the hard times of Peter Parker and his blubbering about how bad his life is . That 's totally out of character for Peter Parker . Peter Parker would not act like the pitiful Midol abusing leg waxer featured in this movie . He loves his aunt and would do anything for her . He would not stand idly by as she was about to lose her house . He would n't be taking art photos to submit to the Daily Bugle knowing that Jameson wants only pictures of Spider-Man and those are his bread and butter . Peter Parker does n't take his mask off in public for anyone -LRB- read the comics and watch the 90 's animated series -RRB- because he fears that his enemies will get his family . He would n't be worrying about hurting Mary Jane ; as a matter of fact he 'd be dating someone else like Gwen Stacy , Betty Brant , or Deborah Whitman and getting on with his life . Watching this movie I wondered what happened to the confident young man of the first movie and the comics who took his problems in stride . I kept asking myself how did confident Peter Parker turn into an insecure whiny twerp like Dawson Leery?In addition to being totally out of character , for Peter Parker , this repetitive irrelevant footage -LRB- over an hour of it -RRB- does nothing to advance the story and slows the pacing of this movie to a crawl . I would like to ask Mr. Raimi what was the purpose of the scenes with the Landlord 's daughter ? The scene with Peter at the Laundromat , the scene where he saves the kid in the burning building , Aunt May 's speech about heroes , the entire idiotic `` Raindrops '' sequence . The lady strumming the violin . The ridiculous overdone train battle in Midtown Manhattan -LRB- I live in New York and there are NO els in Manhattan . -RRB- What was with all the SCREAMING ? Why does Peter take off his mask in public when he 's so concerned about his enemies finding out his identity ? Does n't that contradict your own story a few minutes earlier ? What did you do with over $ 200 million in Sony 's money ? How did an action packed Spider-Man movie turn into scraps that belonged on the cutting room floor?The other thirty percent of the film focuses on Mary Jane and her frustration at Peter Parker . How did the bright , bubbly strong independent woman of the first movie get replaced with this annoying whiney Joey Potter / Lana Lang / Mary Camden / Felicity Porter WB network knock-off ? Her story seems to be just another way for the writer to pile problems on poor Peter Parker . By the time Spidey finally confronts Doc Ock in the bank I was rooting for OCK to kill Spider-man so I could stop watching this horrible movie.Clearly the actors are n't at fault . Tobey Maguire , Kristen Dunst act well in spite of the horrible script given them . James Franco is clearly frustrated here ; you can see it in his performance . It 's justified ; they give him absolutely nothing to do in this screenplay except pout and pimpsmack Parker . Rosemary Harris is the only one who overcomes the puerile script and takes Aunt May to a new level . J.K. Simmons is still a scene-stealer here as J. Jonah Jameson . The producers of this movie did a terrible disservice to Alfred Molina . His role is so underdeveloped that we do n't clearly know what he wants or why he wants it . His character does n't even feel dangerous or threatening ; he 's just fodder to feed the franchise . The only bad actor here really is the CGI ; it 's actually worse than it was in the first movie . We really could have done without those ridiculous green toy helicopters in the end.It 's clear to me Sam Raimi 's hands were tied by the horrible screenplay and producers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar . They try to apply the Smallville model of storytelling to the Spider-Man franchise and fail miserably . If you 've watched that show you know how slow it is and how underdeveloped the characters are . Most of the show -LRB- at least 45 minutes of each episode -RRB- focuses on Lana and Clark fawning over each other . And that 's the big problem here . This was n't a Spider-man sequel ; it 's a Smallville movie with Spider-Man 's name on it.As a longtime comic fan I anxiously anticipated seeing Spider-Man 2 all year . Having seen the film I have never been so disappointed in my life . I feel so cheated by this movie that I will not be seeing Spider-Man 3 or any other future films in the franchise . If you have to see it , borrow it from the library or borrow it from a friend . This one is n't worth paying Marvel Value Stamps for .
 i cold not wait for this to come out . i saw it opening day and almost fell asleep like 6,000 times . what do you think of when you hear the word spiderman ... i think of comic books , bad guys getting the crap kicked out of them , and all sorts of action.NOT A GAY LOVE STORY !!! yes peter parker loves mary jane blah blah blah but it shouldnt of been the whole movie . if you havent seen this yet , get ready for about an hour and a half of talking and the rest action.dr.occ wasnt even really a villian , i just couldnt get myself to hate his character.so this movie gets a 2 only for the action , the rest of the movie i give a -5 . dont waste your money unless you wan na take a nap .
 I must admit the sequel is bucketloads better than the first . That said , the rest sucks . Spiderman is a total copy cat of Superman and Smallville . The villians and the characters are total ripoffs . Money wasted . Do yourself a favor and watch a better movie . Make it Superman .
 Spiderman I and II have got to be two of the worst contemporary movies I 've seen . I truly do not understand why they are so popular and well-reviewed . I can admit when a movie I do n't like is good in spite of my opinion of it . But that is not the case here . This movie sucks , plain and simple -LRB- when compared to all movies in general -RRB- However , as far as comic book movies go , this movie is even worse than above ! It is n't on par with X-Men I or II , Hellboy , Spawn , etc. . I have n't seen it , but I bet Daredevil is better than this garbage.Why does it -LSB- ... -RSB- ? I think the comic it is based on is the reason . This movie was destined to -LSB- ... -RSB- . Spiderman is about the lamest series in comic book history . Some bookworm gets bitten by a spider , and now he can spit nasty crap out of his wrist ? Oooh lem me get in to that ! I want a badass superhero -LRB- any of the X-Men , Hellboy , Spawn , Superman , Batman , etc. etc. etc. -RRB- , not some weakling you used to beat up in school.And NO , this difference in superhero character does not make Spiderman more endearing , touching , real , human , or any other similar description . It makes it lame , sappy , boring , and in need of 20-minute close-ups during the movie to distract the viewed from its lack of entertainment value.I 'd rather watch Ishtar .
 I am a 21 year old male . Now that I have put myself in a marketing demograph situtation I will explain why Spider Man 2 LITTERALLY made me wish I had an uncontrolable sleeping disorder and I would knocked out cold for the next 2 hours and 10 minutes . Now I believe in having points , while not giving away the movie . Here it is ... * Drama , Drama , DramaI saw `` The Notebook '' sneak preview , and I kid you not ; Spider Man 2 is more dramatic . Except the notebook had creditable `` tear jerker '' situations . Spider Man 2 shoved down our throats 4 things , over and over again like a pep talk for indiviuals who want to commit suiside .1 . Be true to yourself , even when everyone else hates you2 . Life sucks . . ALOT ! There 's nothing you can do but love another3 . It 's ok to have un-needed 10 minute outta-no-where pep talks about being a `` hero '' from your nieve aunt4 . This 127 minute movie shoves all these `` life growing '' experience moments down your throat for a good 100 of the 129 minutes in this so-called movie.Action ... for lack ofThe movie is dead for alittle over an hour , and that includes not even closely funny moments to keep us awake or off our cell phones -LRB- I would like thank my bestfriend Alexis for that one , she saved me -RRB- . Dr. Oct and Spidey have good fights , not great , but not bad . With each `` battle '' scene 30 minutes apart for some more `` heart felt '' affectional pep-talks , as Peter looks like he 's having a nervous breakdown cuz everything in his life just sucks . The final battle scene was not as good as the original . I love it when the hero gets his -LSB- back -RSB- kicked ! Why not ? Spidey uses ... . a pep talk to `` save the day '' I guess you would say . Figures . * CGI aka Computer -LRB- or I 'd say Crappy -RRB- Generated ImagesDowngrade ! Probably to save money because Tobey wanted some more $ $ $ this time around for the squel . No seriously , this is a downgrade on CGI 's . The original Matrix has twice the realness of Spider Man 2 and that movie was released in 1999 . * Compare to Spider Man Uno or basically anything elseThis movie lagged , it 's stupidly corny when we get a 3 minute song and freeze frame of peter parker and a happy life . Totally different feel , totally different direction than the first movie . It 's not worth the price of ticket -LRB- esp . these days -RRB- , infact the price for the gas that would spend to drive to the movies , is not worth seeing this movie .
 In my opinion I thought Spiderman 2 was awful . It had a bad dialogue , bad acting , and poor special effects . It 's kind of like watching a remake of Superman 2 and 3 . It did n't seem like a superhero movie to me . It was more like watching a love story . I do not like love stories much and I was expecting it to be just Spiderman and not some stupid idiot of seeing how much his life sucks and trying to get the girl . I give this movie a D rating because the story was just plain awful . I was about to walk out of the theater during the half of the movie . Only thing that 's good about this movie is the scene where the car was crashing through the window that was awesome but the rest of the movie sucked .
 I had waited a LONG time to see the sequel to Spiderman . I had high expectations of this movie and I thought it would strongly surpass the first . When I saw it , I was hugely dissapointed . I feel as though the plot was rather miniscule , there was no excitment . Yes , the special effects in this movie were great , but I wish it had a bit more shock and suprise . And I 'm really suprised to see all of the high reviews for this movie . I do n't see the greatness in Spiderman 2 . I would high recommend NOT seeing this movie in the movies . Wait until it comes out on DVD or VHS , do n't wait your money on this great expectation that did n't live up to its toll .
 Let me sum up the Spider Man 2 movie . It pretty much goes snivel , snivel , snivel , brief moments of action , snivel , snivel , some quick special effects , snivel , snivel and so on . I gave it one star because , admittedly the special effects for Doctor Octopus are pretty cool and the humor of Jameson is fairly amusing as well . Spidey 's character is nothing more than a sniveling loser . Whenever two of the main characters in the movie get together , with the exception of Doctor Octopus , you can feel free to go to the fridge because of good 15 minutes of sniveling will undoubtably ensue . There is Spidey sniveling , MJ sniveling , Aunt May sniveling , Spidey and MJ sniveling , Spidey and Aunt May ... you get the picture . There is even a part where Spidey starts to lose some of his powers because of all his sniveling and what does he do ... he snivels about it . If I were Spidey , I would be embarrassed to be such a loser . The battle of Spidey vs. Doctor Octopus actually takes a backseat to Spidey 's endless whiny `` self discovery '' . My advice is to skip this one . I got it out of the library and am still bitter about the time I wasted watching it .
 What made me cringe the most - aside from the lame acting - was the villian , and the reason why he became one . I 'm not a geek trying to point out the obvious , but PLEASE do n't insult the moviegoers intelligence with this pile of crap . Why the tentacles to control the fusion rector -LRB- or why the reactor in the first place , I tell you why , to put some more - badly done - CGI in there -RRB- . At least give us the good old military technology gone bad plot , thats lame too , but at least better then what they came up with.Oh , and do n't get me started about his friend - the sulking teenage industrialist - kind of a male version of Paris Hilton . I really wanted to punch this guy.I 'd rather sit through a Jar Jar Binks special ...
 `` Quit complaining . '' `` You do n't have to buy it . '' `` Just accept it . '' Phooey ! These blatant marketing ploys are uncool , plain and simple . Yes , I do want to see the extra 8 minutes , even though the film -LRB- which I loved -RRB- is already a little too long . But as a collector of films , I have a policy of no longer renting , and am sick of having to choose one `` special edition '' from another `` director 's cut '' from yet a third `` special extended director 's self-loving jerk fest . '' It IS a pain , especially for collectors , no matter what George Lucas , Peter Jackson , Joss Whedon , Sam Raimi , or the marketing department for any of the major studios says , and if you really think there 's anything on this disc that was n't available when the first printing was made , you 're kidding yourself . I thought X-Men 1.5 would have worthy extras , so I waited and got it instead of the regular X-Men DVD . BIG MISTAKE -- the only extras were `` sneak peaks '' of X2 -LRB- the director congratulating himself in front of cardboard sets -RRB- . I 'm sick of this crap , and all you people who defend the practice are brainwashed .
 I have bought all three Spiderman movies and , at the time , felt as if I had to be complaisant with them , due to the lack of other Spiderman films . The fact of the matter is , I will gladly pawn those for three dollars at my local pawn , to put in my gas tank , now that I own The Amazing Spider Man . The first three with Toby McWhere is he now , lost their Spidey roots , as to where The Amazing Spiderman gave them the much needed , CPR they needed after being `` killed '' by the first three films . Point is , The Amazing Spiderman Blue-Ray , has the following
 This movie is a masterpiece . It has a broad reach , genuine complexity in the emotional lives of the characters and a compelling storyline . I used to read Marvel comics all the time when I was a kid and this film captures those more fully than anything else in this genre . Peter Parker 's anguish , star-crossed lovers , megalomaniacs running amok . . it is like Hamlet , Romeo and Juliet and Julius Caesar rolled into an action movie . Speaking of action , some of the sequences in this film are jaw dropping . The elevated subway ride is the best use of a subway in a movie since The Matrix and is just breathtaking . At the same time the movie is very well paced , razzle dazzle action sequences are mixed up with quiet moments of tenderness . The original Spiderman movie was fine but not in this league . -LRB- Hey , wish the matrix sequels had followed same trajectory ! -RRB- . I also really enjoyed the humor scattered through the movie . For everyone who loves this comic genre , I 'd say this is the movie where they got it right . For people who do n't , you will enjoy it anyway .
 How it 's possible to make a movie that goes for 1:30 hours and nothing happens ? The graphics are so `` good '' that my Half-Life 2 game can go for Oscar for special effects . Did some kids in a school made it?Don ' t ever buy it . Even do n't rent it . I just lost 3.50 in Blockbuster . Not to mention the three hours of my life !
 I 'm not a spiderman fan , and thus am not blinded by fanboy/girl love for comic books to recognize this movie as bad . Compared to the first movie , which was at least very well done and interesting , this one is a trashy sequel that takes an extra half an hour for awkward romance scenes which would make the romance scenes in `` Attack of the Clones '' look like Romeo and Juliet.The movie seems to take a 2 hour idea and stretch it 30 minutes longer , with the fight between Spiderman and Doctor Octopus never really reaching a head until the third or fourth fight , with the previous two just being excuses to show them crawling around buildings hurling stuff at each other.Perhaps the absolute worst part of the movie is the romantic scenes between Peter Parker and Mary-Jane . The scenes are so horribly awkward as to make the romantic scenes in Star Wars Attack of the Clones look like true Shakespearean love . Peter just says the most terribly awkward things to Mary-Jane , even so far as trying to get her to be his girlfriend when she 's engaged , and pissed off at him for not coming to her play even once . There is such little chemistry between them , they could literally be digitally replaced with each other or with apes and there 'd be little change.While some actors like Alfred Molina and the guy who plays the Osborne kid actually put effort into their roles , the main guy , Tobey Maguire , has the same stupid , ditsy , awkward state to his entire character unmasked . Bumbling about from getting fired to avoiding his landlord in stale and uncomical moments , to trying to get Mary-Jane to fall for him -LRB- in very lame and unbelievably awkward exchanges and dialogue -RRB- and trying to be Spiderman and a student all at once -LRB- despite the fact that all the crime he appears to be fighting is a purse snatcher in one scene , some robbers or so in another , and Otto Octavian towards the latter parts , after he 's become Spiderman again -RRB- , rather than make you wonder why Spiderman puts up with all this crap , it makes you wonder why there are n't any cops in this city.All in all , it was a very lackluster sequel , and Maguire , suitable for the simpler plot of the first movie , looks terribly one-dimensional and ditsy for a movie with a decidedly darker tone.One more thing , unrelated to the plot or anything , is one highly disturbing scene that must have been heavily edited in order to keep the movie from becoming an R or an NC-17
 Wow , only 8 mins . of addition scenes . Want to impress me ? have the movie atleast show 30 + mins of unseen footage . ill probly buy this to see what its like , but ill buy it used where its cheaper and i can get rid of it if it doesnt impress me enough . Spider-man 3 sneak peek would interested me , a month earlier but i seen enough pictures of spidey 3 to make me excited already . One more thing sam raimi could do for us spidey fans , ask Disney to release the 90 's animated series .
 I did not like Spiderman 2 at all -LRB- ... -RRB- ! It was like watching a soap opera movie or something with no action in it . All there is , is just graphics there 's not any fighting in it . Doc Ock was n't a villian at all he was just tryin to go after Spiderman for what he did to him and all . I do n't really see Tobey Maguire as Spiderman that much he just was n't right at all . Kirsten Dunst was allright as MJ and she 's georgeous . I would n't mind having a girl like that . James Franco would have been a better Spiderman than Tobey Maguire . Why did they had to choose Tobey ? I hate Tobey Maguire and all of his movies they suck and he 's also boring who never says a word . But anyways do n't waste your money on this movie it 's very bad . That goes along with the first Spiderman . Both Spiderman movies suck !
 Ok , ok i give this movie a 5 stars on graphics but that is all this movie has . Toby Maguire sucks as the role of spiderman . Kirsten Dunst is hot but i would like Carmen Electra as MJ . Sam Raimi ? who is this loser ? His plots suck so bad that i would rather eat my dogs crap than watch his crappy work . Never , ever , ever , ever , ever buy this movie when it comes out for DVD . I would buy it to burn.P.S . Dr. Octopus has the best story line in this movie.Peace out im gone
 I cant wait for SM2it will be the best comic book movie yet ... Later
 I have read most of the `` good '' reviews form here and other forums and I would have to say that I am very confused ... In all the `` good '' reviews there is mention of the many flaws that this movie has and yet it still gets 5 stars or 8/10 rating ... even a fresh on Rotten Tomatoes !??!!?!? If this movie really has such glaring flaws then why such high ratings !?!?! I saw the movie in Japan on its openning day , birthday gift from my wife , first showing on a saturday with only being 20 people in attendance there ?!!? Someone forgot to mention that the theater holds over 150 !!! Harry Porter raked in over 120 mill at the box office in JP and Spidey recieved only half that much during the same run in summer . Too bad for Spidey . You know , I used to be a big spiderman fan and even subscribed for one year to the Amazing Spiderman , it was during the time of Todd Mcfarlane . Those were great comics !! Great art and great stories !! But this movie ... OMG !! This was awful ! The last time I can remember seeing such a horrible super movie was the Punisher , about 10 years ago . SM 2 was just as bad . The acting , writing and story . This movie was not well paced by any stretch of the imagination . This was almost as badly paced as George A Romero 's Day of the Dead . And I would rather watch Day of the Dead 100 more times than this pile of `` rotting '' garabage.PLease ! Oh please ! I ca n't give this movie any lower of a mark !! If I could I would ! Save your money and purchase Carl Sagan 's Cosmos . Now there 's a story ...
 This movie -LSB- ... -RSB- one of the damn dumbest movies ive seen in a long time , As if the first one wasnt bad enough , just when i though this one would be somewhat better because there was no chance of it being worst then the first . I was wrong again . I dont see how you people can enjoy something so damn dumb . Then again im sure more then the majority of you are computer nerds anyway that get off on this dumb ass super hero movies ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Is this a game or what ? Neither was black cat or shocker in Spider-Man 2 . Is this a cartoon then ? I am confused
 I gave it two stars because it only showed 25 minutes of Spiderman . The acting was n't that bad in this one . In the first one the acting sort of sucked and the dialogue was so bad I just wanted to leave the theater . Tobey Maguire is a great actor and did a good job as Peter Parker but I do n't want to see how much Peter Parker 's life sucks . I know in the comics it shows a lot of Peter Parker and he is being hated all the time but he does get MJ though . It almost makes me feel sorry for Peter that his life is being mistreated . Spiderman 2 is okay but the first one sucked bad . The villian in 2 was much creepier than Green Goblin . The effects are a lot better but still the movie was just too slow and it pretty much had the same storyline from the first Spiderman . It was kind of like watching a Spiderman reunion or something but a different villian . I hope Spiderman 3 will be the best of the series but if not then I will have to pick Batman as my favorite superhero movie because it 's much darker , more action , and better love story . The love story in Spiderman sucks and it 's so cheesy . Batman is way better than Spiderman I think but yeah Spiderman 2 was n't that bad as the first one it was a lot better but still some of it kind of sucked .
 After reading some of the reviews for this movie I have to wonder , am I the only one who was really dissapointed with this movie?After 2002 's Spider-man , which in my mind was one of the greatest superhero movies created -LRB- Surpassed only by X-2 the year later -RRB- I was getting ready for the sequel . It had it all
 I liked the first movie . It was generally Hollywood fluff , but was interesting enough that I could suspend my disbelief to the point I found it enjoying . An acquaintance of mine recently raved about the sequel and between that and the reviews here I was very anxious to see it when my colleague mentioned she had just bought it . Imagine my surprise when I caught myself watching the clock , rolling my eyes and eventually contemplating shutting off the machine during several points in the film.Kirsten Dunst lost whatever acting ability she had shortly after Interview with a Vampire . She does n't seem to have the range or depth to portray the complexities of the relationship between M.J. and Parker . Macguire , I guess , plays a sadsack to a tee - but I do n't think I 've ever seen him play anything else.The one redeeming part of the entire movie is the fight scenes , while completely unbelievable - the effects are flawless .
 After hearing and reading many reviews about how great this episode was and how it is so much better than the fiirst I can only offer a huge dissapointment . If it was n't for the $ 18 we paid to get in I would have walked out . Unfortunately I have nothing positive to say about it .
 I can honestly say that this was the WORST film I have seen this year . While I had some excitement for this film , due to the amazing sequel known as X2
 Spider-man 2 lost everything that made the original great and ended up being a movie I will forever regret seeing.First of all , this movie was way way too overhyped . The only reason I saw it was because of how great everyone said it was . Whatever they saw in it that made it `` great '' , I did not.The characters are all uninteresting and unlikeable . Peter Parker 's friend and him seem to be strangely close , almost gay with each other , while Parker avoids Mary Jane and wonders why she 's dissapointed with him . Doc Ock was a lame villan because he had no substance to him . All he was was a fat man with some claws attached to him . All in all , unimpressive.The CGI effects were also very poor and unconvincing , at some points laughable . Again , unimpressive.Lastly , it was very non believable . At least with the first Spider-Man you had some moments that were kind of believable . This one is just rediculous though . Spiderman falls off a freaking building , and gets right back up , not only once but twice.Overall , not a good movie . Not even a good superhero movie for that matter . Do n't waste your time .
 If you have n't seen this movie yet , go see it . You will see what I mean . Tobey Maguire did a very poor job acting compared to the first Spiderman . Kirsten Dunst did an alright job however , but not as good as she should have done.The plot was very boring with very little action . They focused mostly on Peter 's relationship with MJ . Who wants to see that garbage in an action film . There are very few fight scenes and they were not very good . Also the special effects in this movie were supposed to be awesome . THEY SUCKED !!!!!!! For example , the fireball thing looked terrible , also at the end of the movie the helicopters looked like they were toys.They should just stick with the comic books and not stray off .
 I watched `` spiderman 2
 I found this to be a really silly film , though the main acting was actually well done . The so-called plot was painful by the end . If I had n't been with other people I 'd have left . Best for boys who read comics . Do n't expect it to be sustainable for thinking adults .
 This movie is horrible , I am glad I did n't waste money to see it in the Theaters , but am very upset I wasted money buying this piece of crap movie . A half hour into the movie I almost took the DVD out and smashed it into a million pieces . This movie ranks right up there with Batman and Robin as one of the worst ever , with some of the worst actors . Toby CRAPguire IS THE WORST ACTOR EVER !!! Do not buy this movie .
 There have been 2 major motion pictures made in the 00s that have absolutely , positively baffled me with how they have received such praise and recognition from BOTH critics and moviegoers , and , ironically , both films are based on `` comic book '' characters . One is THE DARK KNIGHT , which if you read my review of that , you 'll know of the disdain I have for that movie , and the other is this film SPIDERMAN 2 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . I just plain do not get it ! Yes , of course SPIDERMAN 2 has a lot of CGI-style effects , but I 'm not going to harp on that too much as it this is the new direction of films -LRB- but very few filmmakers have figured out how to make it work -RRB- , and also , if everything else is done well , I can forgive overdone effects -LRB- which this movie has ! -RRB- , but that 's the point ... EVERYTHING ELSE IS NOT DONE WELL!There is not one single likable character in SPIDERMAN 2 and the most annoying is -LRB- of course ! -RRB- the main one Peter Parker/Spiderman -LRB- played by Tobey Maguire -RRB- . I saw Sam Raimi 's first SPIDERMAN in 2002 and thought it was actually a good movie . It had been years since I had seen a new superhero film -LRB- last one was BATMAN AND ROBIN in 1997 ... Yikes ! -RRB- and the failure of that one and ones after made me think the genre was dead . But I was really drawn into the story of SPIDERMAN ... The first SPIDERMAN was formulaic , but , at the end of the day , it was GOOD . This is one reason why I ca n't believe how many people actually think that SPIDERMAN 2 exceeds SPIDERMAN , when SPIDERMAN is at the very least a GOOD movie , while SPIDERMAN 2 is such a POOR one ... poorly acted , poorly written , poorly paced , just plain POOR!I would n't even call SPIDERMAN 2 formulaic because it has stuff in it that does n't remind one of a superhero film at all , mostly Parker pining for his fatal attraction high-school wannabe sweetheart Mary Jane -LRB- M.J. if your nasty ! -RRB- played by Kirsten Dunst . Yes , typically in superhero films , there is a love interest , but the hero is n't acting like a sap for the entirety of the film ! I 've got to say that while Dunst was immensely appealing in the first SPIDERMAN , Raimi does n't do a good job of making her look appealing at all in this sequel . Like Maggie Gylenhaal -LRB- check spelling -RRB- from THE DARK KNIGHT , I just do n't see why so many guys are into this girl ... the THREE guys being Parker , his `` best friend '' Harry -LRB- reprised by James Franco , who is barely used in this film -RRB- , and J. Jonah Jameson 's -LRB- reprised by J.K. Simmons -RRB- astronaut son , who M.J. is engaged to in this -LRB- no explanation given as to why ! -RRB- . In addition to the utterly sappy romantic aspects of this film , there is sappy dialogue all around , with a terrible -LRB- and unnecessary -RRB- scene of Peter revealing to his Aunt May -LRB- Rosemary Harris -RRB- that he was indirectly responsible for his uncle 's death in SPIDERMAN , as well as an absurd -LRB- and again , unnecessary ! -RRB- moment where a major reveal happens on a subway train . SPIDERMAN hinted that Peter was going to develop into a hero to be reckoned with , but in 2 , he regressed to being more juvenile than he was at the start of 1 ! One of the biggest fails of SPIDERMAN 2 is the main villain Doc Ock -LRB- played decently by Alfred Molina , but he 's not given much to work with or do -RRB- , too . His tragedy is interesting that turns him into a villain , but it is all done in an all too melodramatic manner and he gets the sappiest moment during the climax in an extremely cheesy scene of him , errr , `` communicating '' with his octopus arms after Parker -LRB- I mean , Spiderman , but he does n't have his darn mask on , just like in most of the movie ! -RRB- convinces him to turn away from evil ... So that 's it ? The villain gives up ... THE GREATEST COMIC-BOOK SUPERHERO MOVIE OF ALL TIME ... Yeah , right !
 I was very excited about this movie when it first came out and wanted to see it badly and well it was stupid . It just focuses on Peter Parker 's life and how he tries to get MJ . We really do n't care about Peter Parker we just want to see Spiderman . I have to say the first one is a whole lot better than the second one . The acting in the second one is very lame it almost looks like everyone is about to fall asleep . I do n't get it why a lot of people think Spiderman 2 is better than the first one it was n't the first one is a whole lot better and the new villian to the second one sucks . I felt sorry for him though when he had to turn into Doc Ock he really did n't seem like a bad guy . He seemed like a nice guy just was mad that he had that stuff on him . Green Goblin was a lot better . I 'm sort of lookin forward to Spiderman 3 ca n't wait to see Harry as Goblin this will be interesting . Doc Ock really sucked and was n't that scary . I do n't really like the actor who played Spiderman he 's such a nerd . He was a good choice for Spiderman but I just do n't really like the guy at all he 's annoying but anyways this was the worst Marvel movie I have ever seen stick with first Spiderman it 's better the second Spiderman sucks .
 AM I CRAZY ? WHY DOES EVERYONE LOVE THIS MOVIE !?!?! Not only is the spiderman movie series dumb , but this one especially is horrid ! First off the dialogue is so stiff and uncomfortable -LRB- if you have seen the recent Star Wars movies with Padme and Anakin you 'll know what I mean -RRB- . Everything is so damn corney . I also hate how in this movie they gave spiderman Superman abilities , like to hold an entire wall from falling ... WHAT !? Then he takes these encredible falls without a scratch or a bruse or anything ! For instance hes flying through the city from skyscraper to skyscraper then falls from way up there and falls right on the roof of a small building ... Uhh . . OW?Then he falls off of a speeding subway trains on top of a high bridge and falls right slap on the road below , then gets up an runs off ... COME ON ! This is by far NOT the BEST COMIC movie at all !!! But Not the worst , Superman in the 70 's was worse , then the old scholl Batman from the 60 's , then these Spidy movies , then Hulk , then the last 2 Batman movies of the 90 's series , then X-men , then the first 2 Batman movies of the 90 's , then THE BEST COMIC MOVIE EVER IS THE NEW BATMAN BEGINS , go see that if you want a truly good comic movie with surprisingly no corneyness at all ... thats a first for comics !
 Ok , I realize I 'm in the vast minority here , but I really was n't that impressed with this film . I felt the whole thing dragged along , until the few action sequences , which were short . The CGI , in my opinion , really was n't too great , some scenes were just too un-realistic to carry alot of weight . One problem I had with the first film which carried over to this one through most of it was Peter Parker shutting out Mary Jane , `` for her own saftey '' . Was I the only one in the entire world who felt this was totally rediculous ? The second film , at the end , seemed to resolve this , until the last fade-out . The look on Mary Jane 's face left me with an unsatisfied feeling . I felt Doc Ock to be well-done and well-acted , but the descent into insanity seemed a bit contrived and fast . Overall , the study of what a person must sacrifice for an ideal is touching , but perhaps too deeply involved here . This is a superhero movie after all , not a session on a shrinks ' couch . Hopefully the third film in this series will better display what spidey fans have loved about the charactor for years , and be a worthy film at the same time .
 I love hearing a voice or two pop up to defend this general SHAFT job on the consumers . It smacks so much of studio plant . How about the `` you do n't have to buy it '' guy ? You know what ? More and more , we are n't . Or as another reviewer pointed out , BUY USED . As far as I know , the studios pulling these SHAFT jobs wo n't profit if you wait and buy second hand . Aside from calling this tactic of continual reissue by its proper name , hurt them where it hurts most , and never buy new .
 As I saw in the previews it looked a lot better than the first one but when I rented it the other day it was just awfully slow . I fell asleep during the middle of the movie . There was no action in it till the ending . The acting was bad , the story was just about of how much Peter Parker 's life sucks and he tries to get MJ , and the special effects were awful . I do n't know why so many people enjoy it a lot . Sorry Spiderman fans do n't get mad at me I just did n't like the movie much . The first one was better . The 2nd one just had a bad story . I felt so sorry for Doc Ock too . It was just the worst superhero movie I 've ever seen .
 I have no idea how the video went since just out of the box the dvd was unplayable due to a glitch in the DVD itself . I give it a 2 only because I figure if you rate it a 1 it wo n't be accepted . Oh yes , the price was good .
 Not a very good movie . The story is slow choppy , and hard to follow . It is no way as good as the first one.My lady movie critic and I give i two thumbs down .
 Ok ... now im not one to go and entirely bash a movie , but i guess i was just really let down at what i saw in the theatre tonight . My expectations for this movie were really high and i assumed it was going to be great ... . boy was i wrong . The whole plot of the movie just seemed to get worse as it went along . The only real thing this movie had to offer were some pretty cool action scenes which i did enjoy , thanks computer nerds . Besides that the plot sucked , and every 5 minutes i had to listen to a 10 minute drawn out conversation between peter parker and someone else talking about how much his life sucked and how great spiderman was . I didnt think we needed to go so deep into the super hero role and explain it over , and over , and over again . The love lines were totally cheesy and i just couldnt help but laugh at this whole attempt to make a sequal . Anyway that is just my opinion , i thought X-men 2 was awesome , but this one really blew it . I hope im not the only one in the whole world who really thought this movie sucked , but what a waste of money . YAAAAY ! PS . how in the hell did peter parker make that -LSB- great -RSB- F**king costume ? and my girlfriend said the movie was `` CUTE '' ... and ... `` SWEET ''
 I am a spider-man AND a Sam Raimi fan ... and yet : I do n't think I 've ever been so dissapointed in my life.After seeing the first spider-man I was speechless , great CG and acting even if the script must have been drafted in 5 minutes on a napkin so of course you think the second installement ca n't be worse since the caracters have been established already but NO ! How lazy is it to re-use the same basic caracter of a vilain I mean come on just listen to the commentairies for the 2 films the description of the vilain and peter parker 's feelings for him!Surrogate daddys all around!But after all , even a spider-man fan such as myself does n't go to see these films for the intricate plot so let 's talk about the visuals
 Make no mistake , I like this movie more than I hate it.I like it because it is good story telling , emotional and educational . The special effects are while still with faults really kick ass.I hate it because this movie is about Peter Parker not Spidey . I know Peter Parker and Spidey are the same thing or are they ? I know in the comics they tell peter parker more than spidey and that 's part of the reason I do n't realy like spidey comics . Why do they call it `` spiderman '' and tell stories about his alter-ego peter parker ? and here superhero movies are supposed to be about superheroes , and the alter-ego in this case peter parker should be supporting `` actor '' . I do n't want to see peter parker 's problem , I want to see spidey 's problems , do you not agree ? I wan na see more spidey instead of peter parker do n't you ?
 Wow , we 've really been conditioned to settle for less , have n't we ? This is a dumb comic book movie with fake special effects , corny acting and that geek Tobey Maguire . For a real comic book movie , check out George Clooney in the awesome `` Batman and Robin . ''
 I really enjoyed the first Spiderman movie and was anticipating the sequel and then had the unfortunate opportunity to actually see it . The story seemed to be written by a 4th grader , the cinematography was so choppy , the characters so poorly developed - and the acting was beyond weak . I actually liked Tobey Maguire being selected and thought he was a good fit in the first movie but in the sequel he seemed so pathetic . When the movie began , I jokingly said to my husband that apparantly Spiderman meets his demise by suicide since his life is such crap . There were so many sub plots that never went anywhere - the annoying friend , the annoying landlord , the annoying landlord 's daughter , Aunt Mae moving out - where is a good edit when you need it ? Overall I think this movie is almost comical it is so bad . Please do n't waste your money or time on this movie .
 Please do n't believe the dorks who ask you to `` please ignore those who rated this movie badly '' . Because really , it is EXTREMELY bad . Between the sad , predictable , badly-acted lines and dorky plotline , there is n't much to admire . Nothing in this movie made me think Spiderman was real -LRB- come on , it 's freaking 2004 , hire a company that knows CGI for petes sakes -RRB- , nor any of the lame romance lines or any of the `` enemy 's '' lines . I 'm sure a good kid with superpowers would turn his back on someone getting pummeled . Yeah . I 'm sure some redheaded -LSB- ... -RSB- marrying someone else would still love a dork who acts like a hero but really ai n't . Right . And please do n't ask me to mention how many scenes were either rancidly lame , incredibly boring , or repeated without reason . I wo n't even go there.This movie sucks . I can not WAIT for Superman -LSB- ... -RSB- . Trust me , some people know how to make movies . Others do not.Pass this one up .
 After all the raves , I never expected such a terrible disappointment . This film is badly plotted , poorly scripted , self-indulgent , over-stuffed and under-edited . It did have its moments . J.K. Simmons is a joy to watch as he nails the J. Jonah Jameson character -- his scenes are the best in the movie -- and the Doc Ock role could not have been more perfectly cast . The action scenes did the best job I 've ever seen of capturing the feel of comic book action sequence . Unfortunately , much of the writing was equally true to capturing the feeling of comic book thought balloons -- and in a movie , that 's a bad thing.Worse , much of the plot made no sense at all , the Doc Ock resolution was insipid at best , and the entire first hour was painfully dull . Everything in it could have been fully established and better done in 30 minutes -- 40 , tops.Sam Raimi 's usually deft touch with humor was painfully absent . The broad humor was overdone , highly repetitious and delivered with a sledge hammer . At the end , I felt I 'd just watched Spiderman Meets Abbott and Costello , with poor Tobey Maguire being forced to play Spiderman and Abbott and Costello.I love Sam Raimi 's work as a rule . Commercially , he has another hit here . But for any viewers who watch with their brains engaged , this one 's a turkey .
 The first Spidey movie was better than this one . If Peter Parker were like this in real life , he 'd be on Zoloft and would have ulcers from all the worry going on inside his head . I can only hope that young people today are n't going through near as much turmoil as Peter Parker or his love-interest . Both of them are sad . Just very , very sad.And Doc-Oct ? I liked him and thought that did a real disservice to him by giving him such small content to work with . And what a lame storyline ! The man created a machine that equals the power of the sun and then it 's completely destroyed by simply drowning it ? Nothing blown up ? No waves of mass destruction ? It 's the POWER OF THE SUN , for goodness sakes ! That storyline had the same effect as placing the tip of a lit match into a small pool of water . How stupid!Where was the action ? Buried in Peter 's muses , that 's where ! This guy was so depressing that I 'm surprised he even knew that he had super powers to begin with . `` Oh , woe is me ! I ca n't make up my mind about life and ... wait ! what 's this ? Super Powers ? What am I ? I 'm a freak ! A freak , I say ! But I 'll defeat crime with my newfound skills ... that is , until I get confused again -LRB- which wo n't take long -RRB- . Woe is me ! Woe is me ! `` Bleh ! Give that man a double espresso and send him out to kick some major booty ! THEN call it an action flick !
 Version numbers in the software industry are used to indicate the magnitude of changes in a product and typically indicate an improved experience . Sometimes the point release winds out being worse than the previous iteration . Such is the case with Spider-Man 2.1 . There are some interesting moments in the film but those scenes rarely elevate the product above the level of a crass marketing effort for Spider-Man 3 . I can only recommend it to hard core fans who have to own all the bonus featurettes , people who are exceptionally curious about the new scenes , or individuals interested in the film making process who want to see why editing makes a difference in films . >> > 2.1 Spoilers < < < Positive changes : Viewers no longer have to fast-forward through a 2 minute trailer for Hitch before watching the film.The revised Train fight and Aunt May kidnapping scenes are exciting . Fans of the theatrical release are n't missing anything if they do n't see these scenes but they are an improvement over the original.The dream conversation between Peter Parker and Uncle Ben was extended . The conversation is more coherent than the theatrical release.The revised `` on the set '' Spidey-Sense and the new special effects featurettes are good . If you have n't seen any of the trailers for Spider-Man 3 they include them on the bonus disc.The Sand-Man comic reprint available from some retailers is a nice touch to promote the upcoming third film.Neutral changes : There 's an alternate take of Joe 's Pizza palor . Joe criticizes his employees ' pie making skills . This take adds more flavor to the scene but Joe 's line delivery to Peter Parker was crisper and more urgent in the theatrical release.A new scene was added where MJ goes shoe shopping with another actress from the play . They talk about how MJ feels about John the astronaut . The scene was likely cut for time reasons because the same information is relayed during the wedding planning scene when MJ kisses John and discovers her feelings for him are n't very strong . Somebody on the crew must have liked this scene because one of the production stills was used in the marketing of the theatrical release.The conversation between Peter and Dr. Octavius at the lab is longer . Peter gets a formal introduction to Rosie . Peter commments on how amazing Dr. Octavius ' invention will be if it works before asking about the risks . Later in the scene when Dr. Octavius brings up poetry he says some lines from T.S. Eliot that have a Einstein `` Theory of Relativity '' ring to them.J . Jonah Jameson has an entirely different reason for wanting Spider-Man 's suit than what 's implied in the theatrical release . The joke is funny but I think it 's out-of-character for J.J. in both the film and the comic books.Negative changes : Peter 's birthday party is drawn out at the end . Harry tells Peter how he wants his father 's killer to die and then reiterates how they 're friends . The scene ends with everyone singing Happy Birthday to Peter . This section was cut because it violates the rules laid down by the Robot Devil to Fry on Futurama , `` You ca n't have your characters say what they 're feeling , Fry . That makes me so angry ! `` Peter 's backyard meeting with Mary Jane is extended . The added dialog and delays between the line delivery ruins the intensity of the scene . It 'd be a great example for a film class on how proper editing can improve a scene . Peter compliments MJ 's billboard . MJ explains that it was supposed to be a picture for a catalog but the photographer liked her and then the acting job came up . All her dreams are coming true . She asks Peter how his dreams are coming along and he says he 's fine . MJ asks if Peter is coming to see her play since he was always encouraging her to act - a reference to the first film . Peter says he was planning on it . The subsequent dialog is from the theatrical release . Later when MJ says she 's seeing someone Peter 's first response is a knowing `` Therapy . '' MJ says she 's dating someone - a man . The rest of the scene plays out like the film . I 'm glad they dropped the therapy line from the theaterical release . It was probably a reference to MJ 's troubled home life in the first film but it feels awkward and diminishes Peter 's love for MJ . Her answer is equally clumsy . Of course MJ is seeing a man . Does anyone think she 's shacking up in Greenwich Village with Gwen Stacey?The DVD commentary for the theatrical release mentioned the actor in the elevator was a comedian and they had multiple takes of him improvising lines with Toby McGuire in the Spider-Man suit . An alternate take was used for 2.1 release where the man identifies himself as an image consultant and suggests Spider-Man branches out from news print and promote products . They should have kept the original take from the theatrical release and used the best of the remaining takes for an elevator scene featurette.Peter Parker 's pizza delivery sequence to the secretary was extended . He pulls some webbing off the pizza boxes . As he 's leaving he heads for the janitor 's closet before being directed back to the elevators . The scene was a bit drawn out but what really bothered me was the cuts as Peter is leaving the janitor 's closet . There 's a side view of Peter closing the door . The camera cuts to Peter 's front so you can see him pick up the pizza boxes . Then there 's a very quick cut to a close-up of Peter 's head and shoulders . The perspective change is jarring and I believe the second or third cut was removed from the theatrical release and it works a lot better that way .
 This is an absolutely horrible movie . My kids love spiderman and walked away from the theatre saying `` it was bad '' , just as I did.The whole theatre was obviously disappointed with all the yawns and talking about everything but the movie during the movie . I seen kids wiggling/watching their fingers and being more entertained than watching the movie !
 This film was a waste , in a lot of ways . First , it was a waste of a movie rental for my wife and I. Second , it was a waste of Tobey Maguire 's acting talents . Third , it was a waste of effort for all the CGI artists who worked on this film . Lastly , it was simply a waste of the time spent watching it.Why so negative ? Several reasons : * The dialogue is wooden and utterly predictable . Even Mr. Maguire 's talents ca n't rescue this material . Every time a character speaks , I am thinking , `` Was this written as a daytime soap opera ? '' * The CGI Spider-Man , while better than in the original , was still utterly beyond belief . Gravity has no effect on him , and his movements have none of the rhythm of human movements . * James Franco is AWFUL . The portrayal of the Harry Osborn character is so bad , that I wanted to fast forward the movie every time he appeared on the screen -LRB- which was far too often -RRB- . * Remember the old 1950s movies like Tarantula ? Remember the way the camera would give you a close-up of a woman 's face while she opened her mouth wide and screamed ? Well , that happens in this movie , too ... a lot ... and it 's dated . * The train scene was simply ill-conceived . I 've read a lot of Spider-Man comics over the years , and this is simply not true to the comic book hero ... at all . * Too much time was spent establishing Peter Parker 's tragic life . Pete 's luck is n't just bad , folks ... it 's surreal . The movie makes him out to be the personification of Murphy 's Law . Hint to the writers
 The first one is one of my favorite movies of all time but this one is awful peter is a anoying crybaby in this because mary jane is engaged.The scene with the raindrops song is retarded and somehow dock ock can have a sun in his lab without everything around it bursting into flames . dock ock was cool in it but since when can he shoot knives out of his tentacles ? that scene where he 's in the elavator with that one guy was so dumb . Way to much romance not enough action this movie had nothing to do with the comics besides the spider-man no more story but they got that all wrong , when peter quit being spider-man he never actuly lost his powers he just threw his suit in the trash.Why did he lose his powers because of mary jane ? The only good thing about this movie was that the cgi was really good . I really do not know how anybody could say this movie was good . This may not be the worst superhero movie out there but it is the most boring one ive ever seen
 The first Spiderman was way better than this garbage . the acting was horrible and the action scenes ... well there were hardly any action scenes . This movie sucked there was way too much talking . Doc Oc was horrible he was n't even mean . do n't waste your money .
 Ok , I 'm going to attempt to sum up this movie . Take the first Spiderman movie and replace Green Goblin with Dr. Octopus , and you generate Spiderman 2 . Was I the only one smart enough as to realize this ? Then as if to piss all over my better judgement , critics are calling this `` the best superhero movie ever '' . First of all , the superhero movie genre is inherently stupid in the first place , because from beginning to end , you know exactly what will happen . So in other words , people just like to see moving pictures since we already know how the movie will begin and end.In case nobody noticed , all he did was fly around from his web in parts 1 and 2 . Then there was a some talking between Peter parker and Mary Jane . Big deal . Another useless movie this year getting rave reviews . And well-written and original movies that came out this year like Secret Window and H.P. & the prisoner of Azkaban go unnoticed . Stay away , there are flicks that are infinitely better than this mindless crap .
 Yep ... the title of this review says it all ... I actually fell asleep in the theater trying to watch this . There were a couple of good parts -LRB- Peter puts his Spiderman suit in the washer with his whites -RRB- but it focused WAY too much on Peter Parker trying to find himself . That , of course , made the entire middle of the film nice to take a nap to . It was sooo boring , that you just could n't help but feel tired and fall asleep . Too bad I was nudged in the shoulder about 5 minutes into my nap and asked why I was n't watching the movie . Oh man . I 'm starting to whine through the entire center of this review like Peter Parker did through the center of the movie . Sorry about that . Anyway , the special effects were great , but of COURSE special effects do n't make the movie . And the train scene seemed to drag on and on and on . Plus , it was just a stupid scene anyway . `` We 're glad you came back Spiderman ! '' Corny . There was barely any character developement . No , Peter Parker whining about how his life sucks through most of the movie is NOT DEVELOPING HIS CHARACTER . Now , the ending scene was alright , except when the wall was about to fall on MJ . I actually laughed at that part . I got some dirty looks , so I covered my mouth and lowered down to a light giggle . MJ was being such an idiot . Sitting there . Not trying to move the piece of metal across her lap . Just screaming . Looking up . Oh MAN , that 's sure quality entertainment . The actual ending was completely stupid . If you read the original comic , you 'd be rolling your eyes at this horrible excuse for an ` action ' movie . This is n't action . This is a poorly written drama with cheesey comedy & a couple of fight scenes thrown in . I definately do n't reccomend this crap . 1 out of 5 stars . I would give it 0 , but I ca n't go any lower .
 Unfortunately , I was given the fullscreen version ... what a disappointment ! Buy the widescreen if you can .
 What a relief ! I was wondering if I was the only person in the world that thought this movie was terrible , but I guess not!Honestly , this is a boring movie . Right up there with The Horse Whisperer , which I watched for what felt like about six hours , and never got more than halfway through . Look , I like seriousness and depth to my story , I do . But moping about and complaining A LOT is not depth . Spiderman is supposed to be a hero ... why does he spend the whole movie crying !? If I 'd wanted to see a chick flick , I would not have gone to see a Spiderman movie . However , a chick flick is what I got . Where is the fun , witty humor of the first movie ? Watching Peter 's comical discovery of his new powers was fun and realistic . His sudden happiness in the second because he 's back to being a wimp ... not so realistic . People do more in life than cry and drink tea together , but you could n't tell by watching this movie . Because that 's what it was ... a bunch of long , drawn out , teary tea-drinking scenes.I went to see it with my mother , who 'd also loved the first one . When we came out of the theater , we were both wondering if we could have possibly seen the same movie other people were raving about.And the ending ! What in the name of all that is holy was THAT !? You stick a minature sun into the ocean and it does n't so much as fizzle !? Not even some steam !? I find that hard to believe . That ending capped it off for me . The great big climax failed to climax , putting a fine edge on my disappointment.And so now they want to come back for a third with an incredibly predictable revenge storyline ? Ugh . The first Spiderman was hands down the best comic book based movie ever made . The second one was even worse than The Hulk . Next time , I 'm going to the theater packing pesticide .
 the movie would not work in my new psp . stated on the package that is wasnt for resell . will not buy item from seller again
 Spider-Man 2 sucks cuz Tobey Maguire ca n't act -LRB- ... -RRB- !!!
 how can they expect us to buy this dvd again . When everyone buys this version they will come out with spiderman 2.5 with special commentary by aunt may . Give us a freakin break .
 I gave it two stars because it only showed 25 minutes of Spiderman . The acting was n't that bad in this one . In the first one the acting sort of sucked and the dialogue was so bad I just wanted to leave the theater . Tobey Maguire is a great actor and did a good job as Peter Parker but I do n't want to see how much Peter Parker 's life sucks . I know in the comics it shows a lot of Peter Parker and he is being hated all the time but he does get MJ though . It almost makes me feel sorry for Peter that his life is being mistreated . Spiderman 2 is okay but the first one sucked bad . The villian in 2 was much creepier than Green Goblin . The effects are a lot better but still the movie was just too slow and it pretty much had the same storyline from the first Spiderman . It was kind of like watching a Spiderman reunion or something but a different villian . I hope Spiderman 3 will be the best of the series but if not then I will have to pick Batman as my favorite superhero movie because it 's much darker , more action , and better love story . The love story in Spiderman sucks and it 's so cheesy . Batman is way better than Spiderman I think but yeah Spiderman 2 was n't that bad as the first one it was a lot better but still some of it kind of sucked .
 Avoid purchasing this product . Even though Amazon lists the Region Code as `` 1 '' -LRB- U.S. and Canada only -RRB- the DVD I received was in a PAL format which does not play on my machine . Unfortunately , I had already opended the DVD before I realized it would n't play . So , when Amazon describes this offering as a region 1 -- DO NOT BELIEVE THEM !!!
 Never mentioned in the description that this was a PAL video from another region than the USA . An omission that means a lot . I was at this show , have seen clips , and was looking forward to seeing the entire thing now , 11 years later . Be forwarned - if you get this and live in America and do not own a multi-region player you will be out of luck .
 I was very disappointed in this movie . My young grandson loves Spiderman and Superman movies . I purchased this DVD for his birthday . However , after viewing this movie , I found this animated version to have inappropriate language throughout . I can not recommend this movie to other parents or grandparents .
 I bought this for my 3 year old son who loves spiderman . However , it 's less about spiderman and more about inappropriate language , cleavage , tight outfits and sexual innuendo or spiderman directly making out with women . An oh yeah , let 's not forget spiderman 's latte and martini drinking buddy . What a pathetic video . Obivously created by some attention starved techno-geeks who sought to create a sexual adventure dream world . Suprised Marvel put their name on this .
 Do n't buy if the person is over 15 . It 's not bad but it has non - explisit `` sexual '' content . Also the scenes change very rapidly , it s very hard to follow .
 These DVDs are absolutely rip offs . M-1 had some great fights , however you only see the action that was on broadcast TV . Each of these only come with 5 fights and many cut out rounds 1 and 2 . The DVD 's only hold about 50 minutes of action . I am a big time MMA Fan and these DVDs are just not worth it . HDNET should have bundled the fights together and made compilation DVDs
 Sabu does not appear in this film . Also , this DVD version omits opening and closing scenes ! If you 're a credits buff , you 'll get none here .
 I am a huge Dylan fan and have watched entire documentaries and tv specials just to see two words uttered about him but `` 1966 World Tour - The Home Movies '' stretches the bounds of legitimate Dylan enthusiasm . To say it will add nothing to your Dylan collection would be an understatement . In fact , you might be just as likely to catalog this video under `` miscellaneous '' in your movie library , as it is more about some guy who Dylan employed as a drummer for a while in 1966 than it is about Dylan . I do n't know if Dylan refused to allow the release of actual 1966 video footage of him or if he just avoided this guy when the camera was rolling . Regardless , if you want to see good `` home movie '' footage of Dylan , this is not the place .
 Please heed my warning . This movie sucks ! I just want to be honest . My girlfriend and I just wasted 20 minutes of our lives and $ 15 fastforwarding through the most grossly mismarketed movie ever . With due respect or whatever , no one buying a movie to get more Dylan cares about Mickey Jones namedropping about people who no one cares about . This is NOT a Dylan movie . This is shameless marketing b.s. Lame .
 I 'm giving this one star because `` zero stars '' is n't an option . There 's not a whole lot of Dylan in this , and the `` home movies '' are just what you 'd expect from the days of 8mm film
 If you are looking , as I was , for an informative dvd that really talks about fall prevention , do not order this dvd . It runs for 9 minutes and costs nearly $ 90.00 ! I thought I would be getting a workbook or something with it for that type of money , but no . It is just a dvd that lasts 9 minutes and is poorly done , at that !
 When I received the DVD set one of the DVD 's in the set was not the original . However , when I contacted the company about this problem they were very helpful and refunded my money .
 The DVD for `` The Year Without a Santa Claus '' is the wrong movie ... it 's a John Goodman version -- not the animated version it 's supposed to be . I 've returned it once and the second time I received the DVD set the DVD was wrong too ! Still have not been able to get the correct DVD !
 Twice I tried to acquire this classic DVD set . And both times received a box set without shrink wrap . And the DVD that should contain the Year Without A Santa Clause stop motion animation turned out to be a feature film with the same title featuring Delta Burke and John Goodman.Twice I was disappointed . And to add insult to injury , the replacement disk set was also missing one of its 4 disks . This was ordered through Amazon , therefore I have no idea whom the vendor was . -LSB- ... -RSB- for this one .
 This product is being returned because one of the movies `` The Year Without a Santa Clause '' was not the movie as described . The movie we were looking for was the cartoon from the 1960 's . We received a movie by the same title from 2001 and played by real actors . We were very disappointed . We are returning the whole set and are not happy that the movie was not what we wanted . We will order again from Amazon because the return policy is so wonderful . However this does not help our disappointment.Thank you for your time .
 As many have stated , I also got the wrong disc . After reading the last few reviews , I was hoping the problem was fixed . So not only am I missing the stop action `` year without a Santa Claus '' , but the other two shows too . I 've yet to try to return it or contact anyone , but why should this problem still be happening ? Customers should n't have to return discs or make calls for a problem that has been known for over a year . I feel this does n't speak well of Amazon . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I wrote to Amazon and within hours I received an email and will receive a refund . However in order for me to purchase it from another seller , it will cost a bit more . I hope I receive the right disc this time .
 I am disgusted with how ridiculously difficult it seems for Warner Home Video to get its act together and just release ALL of the Rankin/Bass Christmas programs into one DVD set instead of handing out a few never-before-released titles with several of their more established shows.An earlier reviewer spoke the same sentiment in asking what has become of `` The Little Drummer Boy -- Part 2 '' , and one of my most-awaited titles , `` The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus '' . Certainly there are n't any DVD copies of them available.Where is the Angela Lansbury 1975 classic , '' -LRB- The First Christmas -RRB-
 I ordered this set last year just after Christmas and stored it away with my Christmas items . This year , tonight , we pulled it out after promising the kids we 'd watch `` Mr. Heat Miser '' after dinner . What a joke ! There on the cover of the package are the original Mr. Heat Miser and his brother , but on the actual disc is the live action -LRB- lame -RRB- movie from the 2000s starring John Goodman.Yes , NOW I have read the other reviews saying you can call an 800-number to get a replacement disc . I just called that number . It 's not open until Monday , during business hours.What can I say ? This is straight-up false advertising and the producers of this disc should honestly be sued.DON ' T ORDER IT !!!
 This is just another slap in the face to fans who grew up with these Rankin & Bass holiday classics ! Fans of these specials have been wanting a complete box set done including all of these holiday gems , but instead we get a re-release of the same shows ! Of course , we get 3 `` never before available on DVD '' specials only available on this set , so long time fans have to buy this set if they want the 3 new to DVD releases !? To make matters worse ` Frosty and Rudolph 's Christmas in July ' is the same defective print where the voices are out of sync with the picture that was released a few years ago!To make matters even worse than that , some copies have the wrong version of ` The Year Without A Santa Claus ' !! I wish someone who cares about these films , , would pick up the ball and get these classic 's done right!Until then folks , I say leave this garbage in the bin and wait for someone who cares to release a proper set . Who would n't want a complete set of Rankin & Bass Holiday Classics totally restored ? ... . raise your hand ! ... I thought so ! : - D
 We just bought this set and the first one my dayghter wanted to see was `` The Year Without A Santa Claus . '' Too bad this was not included as advertised -LRB- neither was Nestor the Long Eared Donkey or Rudolph 's Shiny New Year -RRB- . Instead there was some very bad live action version . NOT WHAT I ORDERED . Bad business practice on the part of WB .
 When I got this set , I wanted to see `` The Year Without A Santa Claus , '' my favorite X-mas show . Someone at the plant must have put the wrong disc in the box . Instead of the 1974 version , there was a live action version with John Goodman . What a rip off ! Can I get the actual one that is advertised on the box ?
 We ordered this set , got it in a timely fashion , opened it and the second DVD was NOT the Rankin-Bass animated special as it is supposed to be -LRB- and as is described on the box -RRB- , but an awful live action film of the same name -LRB- `` the year without a santa claus '' -RRB- from 2006 starring John Goodman . I alerted Amazon , and they sent a second set . I opened it today and it has THE SAME PROBLEM . I am sending both back and do not want to go through this again . Someone was asleep at the packaging wheel and who knows how many more box these boxed sets have the same problem . Be warned .
 I was really disappointed when I went to watch the Year without a Santa Claus . For some reason WB packaged it with the wrong version . So do n't risk buying this and get the crappy new version .
 For those of you nostalgic for the old Christmas TV specials ... move on . Except for the Grinch and year w/o a Santa Claus , the rest of these `` specials '' will remind you why you turned off the TV when you were 8 . Let 's face it not all Rankin Bass oldies were goodies . Frosty and Rudolph 's Christmas in July is just downright embarassingly bad . This DVD is full of real let downs ... there 's a reason TV channels do n't rerun what 's on this set . Move on .
 Was someone asleep when they put this set together ? Not only does the promo at the beginning of Disc 1 list `` Little Drummer Boy-book II '' as being part of the set , it 's nowhere to be found on the package . Second , Disc 2 is a write off-having a completely different film by the same name as `` The Year Without A Santa Claus '' in place of the Rankin/Bass classic . With it 's absence , you also lose the other features on that disc - namely `` Rudolph 's Shiny New Year '' and `` Nestor , the Long Eared Christmas Donkey '' . Thankfully , I do have those elsewhere , but I did buy this with the understanding that it would have `` Little Drummer Boy-Book II , and it 's not there . Never in my life have I seen such a sloppy Video or audio package . This could have been a 5 star set if everything had been as advertised .
 Loved the movies that we first watched on disc 2 ... but as we got to disk 3 ... it was the classic production of Silent Night . Yup ! You got it ... Not ONE of the movies on disk 3 had any sound to them . Just felt really sad for the kids who were actually looking forward to seeing the shows -LRB- including me -RRB- ... Best thing to say after reading all these reviews is , Buyer Beware , and KEEP your receipt ...
 Like many others I purchased this item because it is supposed to include `` The Year Without a Santa Claus '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- on 1 of the 4 disc . On the same disc is supposed to be two additional titles . What was included was a disc only containing `` The Year Without a Santa Claus '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . Sent Time Warner an email , let 's see if they get back to me !
 The disc that is supposed to have the Rankin Bass classics `` Year Without A Santa Claus ' and `` Rudolph 's Shiny New Year '' was not in this set . Instead you got the live action remake of `` the Year Without A Santa Claus '' which is unwatchable . I e-mailed Warner Brothers home video and am hoping for a replacement disc but be warned.BTW , I went to Target and for some reason the copies of this set are not shrink-wrapped . I looked in them all and confirmed they all contain the incorrect version of disc two . Obviously Warner 's screwed this up and I am sure they will be sending replacement discs . As far as the specials themselves . The specials I bought the set for are The Grinch , The Night Before Christmas , Rudolph 's Shiny New Year and The Year Without a Santa Claus . Those are all classics and are great.The Stingiest Man In Town is a heavily edited , poorly animated version of A Christmas Carol , Pinochios Christmas is OK . Forsty 's Winter Wonderland is fun and is the only true sequal to the original . Frosty And Rudolph 's Christmas In July is kind of hard to watch . It feels way too long and the concept is pretty wonky , that being said it is fun to see the characters again and to hear the original voice actors . I do however highly suggest fast forwarding thru the songs unless you ara big Etlel Merman fan .
 The second disc is incorrect . It is the 90 minute movie remake of year without a Santa Claus not the classic cartoon .
 Like many of the other reviewers , was really looking forward to re-visiting some childhood favourites , so was very annoyed that an awful live movie has been substituted for the disc that is supposed to have `` The Year Without a Santa Claus '' and `` Nestor '' -LRB- which were two of the main reasons I bought this set -RRB- . It is also very disappointing that Amazon do not appear to be doing anything about this problem , as from the various reviews it has been known about for some time . Would advise not buying this set and avoid the hassle and expense of paying the original shipping and handling only to have to return it again , unless Amazon publish a note that the problem has been rectified .
 `` Rudolf 's Shiny New Year '' is NOT on my copy . It is supposed to be on the same disc as `` The Year Without Santa Clause '' and it is definitely not there . Its not on the menu and I even fast forwarded to the end of the movie and it 's not there either . I thought that maybe the disc list was wrong so I checked all of the other discs ... No `` Rudolf 's Shiny New Year . '' Very disappointed .
 What a let down to find that what was advertised as being on the dvd set was not there . The one show I wanted the most
 We bought this for XMas for our 4 yr old because she wanted the Grinch movie and we thought she 'd enjoy the other stories . She 's only been interested in the Grinch -LRB- at least she knows what she wants , hehe -RRB- and has not finished watching the other stories . No interest at all . I found all of these stories to be totally outdated for today 's kids . It was an inexpensive purchase , but what 's worse , is that this DVD will sit around the house . Maybe by next XMas our daughter will have more interest in this product ; otherwise we 'll get rid of it .
 I bought this expecting to get the classic xmas movies such as frosty the snowman and rudoff the rednose raindeer . I was VERY disappointed to find out neither were included . It has such movies as Frosty gets Married and Rudoffs 4th of July , all dumb movies made after the original just for money that are n't any good . It leads you to believe its a bunch of the classics but it is not . BEWARE , READ CAREFULLY WHAT YOU ARE GETTING !!!!
 Big disappointment , not what is perceived to be by the picture on the box ... DO NOT ORDER IT !
 Deceptive advertising . Certainly NOT a Christmas Classic . Disk 2 was supposed to be the stop action version of The Year Without a Santa Claus . The characters are all over the cover . I would not buy it , I am returning my copy.Shame on you Amazon for not pulling the product or placing a BIG disclaimer .
 Somehow we missed the fact that The Year Without A Santa Claus is n't actually in this collection ; instead of the classic animated version , there is a garish live action film . Since Disc 2 was completely replaced by the live action piece , all of the classics that are mentioned on the packaging are missing
 I 'd rate it a zero if I could . This box does not contain the movies advertised on the box . It does not have the classic `` The Year Without A Santa Claus '' , instead its got some lame-ass substitute starring John Goodman -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Do n't buy .
 I am 100 % disappointed with this Classics DVD set . I am especially disappointed with the ` The Year Without a Santa Claus ' version . I was led to believe ALL the shows were the Rankin Bass Classics by the wording and pictures on the DVD cover .
 Very angry with product . The main disk we wanted was changed with on that featured John Goodman as the Santa in the year without a Santa Claus . NOT , what we ordered nor was it children appropriate .
 I am officially angry . I bought this set of DVDs through Amazon a few weeks ago and one of our favorite classics , The Year Without a Santa Clause , had a scratch on it . It was the cute version with Snowmiser and Heatmiser and all the rest of the awesome claymation characters . I thought , `` No big deal . '' Amazon took it back with no problem . Little did I know that the next two that I would try to buy would n't have the correct version of that same movie on them . It is a rendition starring John Goodman . It 's not claymation at all ! I bought the second copy at Sam 's Club and returned that one and tried again through Amazon thinking that Sam 's had screwed up . Guess not . The latest set of DVDs through Amazon has the wrong version too . What the heck is going on ??? How can the box advertise one movie and give you another . That does n't seem legal . Now I need to decide , do I send it back again for my money back ? I just want to watch one of my favorite Christmas movies of all time . What a disappointment .
 the trailer on this dvd set has advertisement for little drummer boy 2 but this dvd set does not have it instead you get pinnohios christmas dont know why warner did this but thats what is there
 not to mention that the year without a santa clause is the live action movie which means you do not get rudolph 's shiney new year or nestor the long eared donkey !
 This was a huge waste of money ! The main reason I bought it was for the ORIGINAL `` A Year Without Santa '' , which is what the description read and what appears on the COVER of the DVD , however it came with the John Goodman live action version which was TERRIBLE ! Was this a mistake or did everyone who bought this get RIPPED OFF ? We had a little viewing party planned with friends coming over , only to open the DVD and be so disappointed ! Buy each movie separately if you have any hope of not being disappointed ! Going to see if I can send it back and get a refund .
 Do n't buy this waste of time . Not particularly well done at all . Another recent Steve King failure.I am to the point now where if I see Kings name on a movie I just will not buy it .
 I had bought this gift for my mom for xmas , and I thought it was a good price deal . When my mom opened it , she was so happy . But then when it came time to watch the dvd on our dvd player , it did n't have the playback feature . Turns out that this dvd was a burnt dvd and had n't been converted correctly . I could still watch it on my computer , but the picture was n't good quality at all . I do n't recommend anyone buy this . Very disapppointed .
 This made-for-TV movie -LRB- given a fake `` R '' rating in a shameless attempt to boost sales -RRB- is one of many TV adaptations of Stephen King 's work . Fans of the Master of Horror will be disappointed , but novices looking for a tame and relatively bloodless horror film will enjoy it . A schoolteacher -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- finds himself and his students stalked by the vengeful spirits of some nasty punks who murdered his brother and then got themselves run over by a train . The strengths of this movie are in King 's storyline and the solid acting ; the weaknesses are in the incredibly watered-down script and the bargain basement production values . This could have been a great miniseries , but the network obviously did n't want to spend the money , and slapped together this movie instead . A really low-budget effort that shows where the corners were cut . As for the DVD itself , the picture quality is as good as it can get for a telefilm , and the sound is rich and full . If you want to buy it , I say go for the DVD . For King completists , it 's a nice way to kill some time .
 Not much to say
 It 's September 2006 , and they * still * have not released a widescreen version . I got through the first 20 minutes of this pan-and-scan version before I could n't stand it anymore . There are so many beautiful shots ; I just ca n't watch them butchered like this.Roxanne is a great movie , and it deserves more than this poorly rendered DVD version .
 Like other reviewers , I am apalled that this wonderful movie is available only in pan & scan format , chopping off close to half the picture . This is just inexplicable -- even when this was released a few years ago , it was quite unusual for high profile anamorphic films like this to be released only in a P&S version . I 'd love to add this to my collection -- here 's hoping a propererly framed version is forthcoming -LRB- hopefully also in Blu-Ray or HD DVD -RRB- .
 I think we all agree that this 1987 classic romantic comedy is absolutely wonderful , entertaining , magic , funny and hylarious . The best romantic comedy for some , one of the best comedies of the 80 's for others . Great story , incredible performance of steve martin , great production and artistic direction by Fred Schepisi . We can argue with that of course , but one thing beyond discussion , is that this Sony Pictures 2002 DVD edition for this masterpiece is so awful , that it manages to destroy the experience.I had to put up with a VHS edition for 15 years , for what ! This ? I can say without any doubt , that this is one of the worst DVD editions i own , behind my Asian bootleg martial arts copies . Absolutely awful , this edition manages to restrain the impact of the movie with all the worst features of the fullscreen edition
 I do n't know why , in this day and age , some DVD companies still think that we need every one of the thousands of photographs that makes up these movies to be butchered just so they will fit the dimensions of our TV sets . Audiences are now smart enough to realize that movies need to be shown in their original format - we 're paying for the whole movie , not some chopped up version . This is one of the funniest and most romantic movies ever made , and Fred Schepsi 's beautiful town and images should not be chopped in half . Please re-release the widescreen version . And shame on Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures for insulting movie makers and movie lovers .
 Hi-Usually Amazon.com has always done a great job re
 I am eighteen years old and I was stupid enough to watch this movie with my family . `` Roxanne '' was innappropriate for family viewing due to I do n't know how many references to sex , and one shot of the title character 's backside while she was , shall we say , un-clothed . It was a funny movie , and I might possibly recommend it for adults and older teens , but definitely not for anyone under the age of fifteen . I do not see how this movie could have earned a PG rating instead of PG-13 , which I believe it deserved .
 I purchased the above movie over a month ago and was told to expect delivery before Aug 8 . I still have not received this movie . Could someone please find my movie ????
 I really do n't care what anyone says . I could not finish this movie . It was horrible . I was forced into renting it because we had to do this Cyrano de Bergerac/Roxanne compare/contrast sheet for French . I am unhappy that I had to shell out three bucks to rent a movie I never even really wanted to see . The fact that it was a bad movie did n't help the situation.Steve Martin may think he 's being clever , but really he is n't . I absolutely hated his charcter , who , despite his big nose , was awfully cocky . Now , I was n't a huge fan of the real Cyrano de Bergerac , so that MAY be part of the problem . Nevertheless , the plot made me roll my eyes and every bit of the movie bored me to tears . Please try to find something that is actually witty and funny , like The Simpsons . The Simpsons knows how to paraody literature .
 This is a great movie - love it.But I agree the with the comments that the `` made for TV version '' leaves a lot to be desired.Did anyone else notice a very grainy low resolution picture ? I 'm wondering if my copy is a cheap chinese knock off and not an original . When there are multiple sellers showing new and used disks you never know what you are getting .
 Linda Carol plays the wife of a pudgy lawyer who shows no interest at all in his sexy wife . She decides to turn the tables by having an affair with mysterious , seductive photographer Martin Hewitt . Before too long , this heated affair is not what it seems , as Hewitt appears to have a dark side which could lead to a fatal conclusion . Stiff acting , horrible writing , and contrived directing all add up to one extremely boring flick . While the film does feature rather hot sex scenes -LRB- most films of this sort do -RRB- , it can not compensate for much else . Julie Strain is featured in a 5 minute cameo in a Japanese restaurant bathroom , coupled with Hewitt in a rather graphic , yet amazingly hot sex scene -- which earns this film its second star . Otherwise , skip it .
 The only part of this one-hour video that was useful to me was a short training session -LRB- about 15 minutes -RRB- showing how to teach a dog to sit , lie down , stay , etc. using hand signals and treats . If it were not for this part of the video , I would have gotten my money back .
 These DVDs are absolutely rip offs . M-1 had some great fights , however you only see the action that was on broadcast TV . Each of these only come with 5 fights and many cut out rounds 1 and 2 . The DVD 's only hold about 50 minutes of action . I am a big time MMA Fan and these DVDs are just not worth it . HDNET should have bundled the fights together and made compilation DVDs
 When Danny Devito 's plays Larry Garfield he is like Taxi 's Louie De Palma of Wall Street .
 I only purchased this DVD because I needed an extra dollar on my order to take advantage of the free shipping . Since there is no description of the DVD , I thought I would provide one for others looking for that extra buck they need to spend for the free shipping.This DVD is eight episodes of the three stooges CARTOONS . Judging by the thin cardboard cover , the quality is very poor . Looks like someone sat there with an old camera , took a picture or two of some scenes that were playing on an old color TV , scanned them into a PC , and printed them on a box . I just tossed the DVD out , so I ca n't tell you if the quality is what I think it is . It 's basically something you will see at a dollar store.If you are looking for some three stooges episodes , this aint them . If you need an extra dollar to take advantage of the free shipping , go for it . Who knows , maybe some kids would be interested in it .
 This DVD has three short films about demonic posession ; The Devil 's Spell , Witches ' Dolls , and Resurrection of the Damned.The Devil 's Spell
 Let me begin by saying that I am a fan of Charles Band and his Full Moon productions -LRB- when , oh when , will we see those on DVD ? -RRB- . Having said that , I picked up `` The Possesed '' based on his name alone . Anyone who has seen any of the Full Moon movies knows that you are not getting A + stuff here . They are campy , fairly low budget flicks shot for straight-to-video . Nevertheless , I enjoyed them quite a bit.This piece of film sludge has NOTHING in common -LRB- except the budget , perhaps -RRB- with Charles Band 's earlier works . There is absolutely no redeeming qualities to this poorly worked trilogy . The acting can only aspire to be pure dreck . There are n't even any good sex scenes to make up for the rest . This is an hour and a half of your life that you will NEVER get back ! Avoid it at all costs .
 I did n't know DVDs have a region requirement and the seller apparently knows this . I live in Wisconsin but got a DVD that is playable in EUROPE . MY BAD !! According to seller , my options are to buy a more encompassing DVD player or pay the shipping back to Mars and the additoinal shipping for the exchange . If you are buying from this seller make sure to READ THE FINE PRINT before finalizing the purchase .
 The movie is fantastic but the DVD itself is foreign and therefore will not play in either of my standard DVD players or in a PS3 . It plays only on my ibook G4 , which is beyond irritating . I will never buy from this seller again and I would not recommend using them , as I had no notice that the DVD was foreign and would be hard to watch .
 I received the Frankie and Johnny DVD . It is not compatible with any of my three -LRB- 3 -RRB- DVD players/blu-ray players . Looks like a European version -- distributed by Paramount U.K.Return policy is a joke -- what a rip-off .
 I ca n't write a review because the DVD does n't work when I put it in my DVD player . Terrible shame . Do n't know why . Everything else works but this Frankie & Johnny DVD .
 The DVD arrived in good shape but had a region code for somewhere over seas when I complained to the people who sent it they wanted me to sent it back at my exspence . I 'm thinking they robbed me once they wont get another chance .
 I was upset with this Amazon purchase because when I played the movie -LRB- Frankie & Johnny , Michele Pfeiffer & Al Pacino -RRB- it said ' this disc may not be played in your region ` well , little did I know that the movie I purchased was in Swedish . How could that happen ? Can you tell me Amazon where I can purchase this movie in English . I do n't need to review the movie because I have seen it before and loved it . . that is why I wanted to purchase it . . so I could watch it again and loan it to friends . It was not a big hit movie and it is very hard to find . It is a movie from the 1980 's . Beware Amazon purchasers - read carefully before you purchase - read the fine print.Patricia
 Ostensibly a love story , this film incorporates as many politically correct stances on the issues as just about any film ever made . It starts out with sexual harassment , then adds wife beating , criminal rights , the death penalty , and more . Of course , we get sympathetic portrayals of women , ethnic/racial minorities , criminals and gays , but there is not one law-abiding heterosexual White male portrayed favorably in this film.The characters are not at all believable . Someone with Michelle Pfeiffer 's looks working in a greasy , Westside diner ? Yeah , right ! In my thirteen years in New York City , I 've never seen it . A woman like that would have doctors , lawyers , CEOs , and investment bankers falling all over her . At worst , if she had no education , she 'd end up behind the cosmetic counter at Saks Fifth Avenue.And we 're supposed to believe that Al Pacino did hard time in a maximum security prison -LRB- while in prison , he befriended a murderer who was executed -RRB- for a first-offense , bad check.The film pretends to be about ex-con Al Pacino pursuing Pfeiffer . Does he get her in the end ? If , without seeing this movie , you ca n't predict the answer to that one , then maybe this film is your speed .
 OK , granted I am in love with the stage version of this movie . Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune was just so magnificent when seen live . I had read the play before seeing both the film and stage versions , and was somewhat impressed . Do n't get me wrong I really enjoyed this play , but I felt the dialogue did n't flow naturally , and the play was cramped . That was just my initial feeling after reading it . I then saw the film version , and was liking the play even more so . The film just did not add up to the play for several reasons which I will explain in just a minute . I was then smiled upon one day when I heard that the play was closing on Broadway and someone close to me got me tickets . I sat there during the closing performance watching Rosie Perez -LRB- White Men Ca n't Jump -RRB- , and Joe Pantoliano -LRB- The Goonies , The Matrix , and tv 's The Sopranos -RRB- play these characters with such depth and such meaning that I could not help letting this play slip into the number one spot on my long list of favorite plays . It was absolutly incredible just seeing the transformation from the page to the stage , and for 2 hours it seemed like i was in heaven.Now , onto the movie . I am actually torturing myself and watching it again . I do n't know why i am , but nonetheless i am . First of all , Michelle Pfeiffer should never have played Frankie . Frankie is a strong woman who has gonethrough a good deal of stuff . Pfeiffer is too fair and too pretty to play such a gutsy role . Well , i should n't say that . Look at Halle Berry in Monster 's Ball . Pfeiffer just did not give across that weathered feeling that Frankie emulates . Al Pacino was extremely creepy as Johnny . Johnny is an extremely vibrant man , with an eccentric , and flamboyant personality . Pacino made the character too much of a mafia man , when all that Johnny needs to be is a little bizarre . My biggest complaint was just how little of the original play was in the film . It just did not need all of the backstory or theextra characters . It is very annoying having all of them . Part of the beauty of the play was that it took course over one night , and nobody else interfered with them falling in love with one another . I honestly felt that if the movie stuck closer to the actual play , it would have been an amazing masterpiece of a movie . Instead , with Gary Marshall helming the movie as director , it just becomes another Pretty Woman-esque movie , and that gets extremely trite after a while . I would recommend to anybody to read the play , and listen to DeBussy 's Clair de Lune when you finish . Do n't waste your time with this mess when you can experience it in much better fashion when you read it .
 Apparently , different countries have different codes in a DVD player . I thought all DVDs were the same . I was so excited to get the movie , but so disappointed I could not play it . It would 've cost the price of the movie just to ship it back , so I just had to throw it out . That was a waste of money .
 A TOWN ON THE BRINK OF STARVATION IS SAVED WHEN A MYSTERIOUS STRANGER -LSB- JOHN WAYNE -RSB- COMES ALONG AND DISCOVERS THAT THERE 'S GOLD THAT SOME CRIMINALS DO N'T WANT THE TOWN TO FIND OUT ABOUT . PREDICTABLE AND NOT ENOUGH ACTION . IF THE FILM HAD A LITTLE MORE ACTION TO IT , THIS ONE COULD 'VE BEEN ALRIGHT . RECCOMENDED ONLY FOR DIE-HARD FANS OF JOHN WAYNE .
 I read all the Five Star reviews on Amazon before buying this dvd . After watching it last night , I was extremely disappointed and will not watch it again . When I watch a live concert on dvd or in concert , I expect to see a full scale production of massive lights , a unique stage production , flashy clothing for the era , motivated musicians on stage and a decent auditorium of 8,000 + screaming fans . The only reason I gave it two and not one star is because the sound was acceptable and Kip could sing close enough to his original recordings.Winger failed every other reason to see them live or on dvd . It appears they filmed in a small town ballroom with a 500 max capacity occupancy . The stage lights were basic high school colored flashing light bulbs . The band wore drab looking black and gray t-shirts . The band members look beyond their age and did not have the energy and enthusiasm you would expect from Winger . The lighting was too bright . The crowd looked like zombies . Although a few jumped up and down when `` SEVENTEEN '' played . But by judging the age of the audience ... I assume they heard `` She 's only SEVENTY ... `` If these era bands plan on making dvd 's , they really need to spend a few dollars and make it a full production . This dvd is a waste of money .
 This is possibly the worst movie I 've ever seen . I take that back . It definitely is the worst movie I 've ever seen . The good news is that I did n't pay a cent to see it . The whole movie was comprised of really bad acting . Rob Lowe must be hurting for money . The plot was beyond ridiculous . I feel sorry for anyone who was in this movie or had anything to do with it . It really stunk up the place .
 If you want to rent this video , do n't waste your money . The story is so similar to the Fugitive that you might as well get that one instead . Lowe plays a teacher who is in prison on a vehicular homicide charge who begins to suspect a conspiracy to kill off prisoners . After a bus accident , he escapes and tries to figure out how to save his life with corrupt guards chasing after him . I only wanted to see it because it was filmed in Cleveland and it was weird seeing familiar streets on my TV . I have never been a big Rob Lowe fan-I always thought of him as a slick pretty boy-but he actually ACTED in this movie . James Coburn , one of my favorite actors , was wasted in his role of a victims advocate . All in all , the dialogue was terrible , the direction choppy and the storyline has been done to death .
 ... I am a huge movie fan and I will always give a movie a chance , but this movie never even had a chance !!! ... There are so many parts of this movie that were not well thought out at all ... I dare you to see this movie !!! ...
 WELL I MADE THE MISTAKE OF VIEWING THE MOVIE AS SOON AS I PURCHASED IT BECAUSE IT IS NOT WORKING GOOD . HAS PAUSES . NEXT TIME I WILL CHECK MY DVD 'S IN CASE I NEED TO RETURN .
 one of the worst 3d acquisitions in my library . already had this on dvd . movie was originally releases in imax 3d but this conversion stinks . don ' ; t waste your money for it if wanted too add to your 3d library.don ' t take this the wrong way . i love the movie but 3d is a waste . i own other 3d movies -LRB- almost every title in blu ray 3d -RRB- . and this one and darkest hour are the worst .
 Will Smith earned $ 28 million for doing this film , and the budget was probably on a similar astronomical scale ! Most of the budget was obviously blown on the CGI and miniatures effects . Most of the CGI is quite impressive , although very occasionally the back projection does look a bit iffy , but it only lasts a couple of seconds at most.I , Robot is set in 2035 , and most of the futuristic elements are subtle rather than the in-your-face ones say for example from Demolition Man or Back To The Future II . Apart from the severely high rise buildings , there 's also spherical wheels on the vehicles -LRB- which meant they could go in any direction -RRB- , more of the self-drive , and the car doors swinging upwards a la Delorean . The production designers and conceptual artists had a great time imagining a progression of today 's world.When I think of robots , for some reason I now automatically think of Bicentennial Man , rather than the robot design in this . They 're not very friendly looking , but I suppose Alex Proyas wanted to put his own stamp on the robot design , rather than follow in the generic type featured in some other films . Maybe he wanted the robots to look vaguely humanoid but still obviously robotic , rather than the cyborg type.I always find with Will Smith that he quite often does play the same character , much like the way Tom Cruise is getting . He 's still got elements of Fresh Prince about his character , despite being over a decade on from that now , and with a lot more muscles . He 's nearly always the funny guy , with the one-liners . He 's always been good at the action side of things , all 6ft 2 of him -LRB- which he 's been since he was 13 ! -RRB- , but there 's still the funny guy waiting to burst out with a hilarious one liner that will have everyone rolling in the aisles . For all the ladies out there , we get to see Big Will himself in the shower , in profile . The film is worth the price just for that scene alone . And the two scenes where he gets out of bed in boxers . Unless you 're a heterosexual guy.For me , I was n't overly keen on this film . It was n't a really , really , good film , but on the other hand it was n't a really , really bad film . It was kinda stuck in the middle , but not in a good way . Not to be sexist , but apart from the scenes in the shower , it was more a guy 's kinda film . There were some scenes glossed over , like the story of how Will 's character came to be partially cybernetic , which led me to believe that he was a robot , Terminator-esque . He was n't . The two disc special edition which was released in the UK has a multitude of extras on it , including commentaries -LRB- does anyone ever bother with these ? -RRB- ; a 44 minute making of documentary ; extensive production diaries ; CGI effects breakdowns etc. . They were reasonably good , if you 're into that sort of thing , but I 'm finding I watch extras on the DVD less & less now , only if it 's a blooper reel , or a film I really , really like.Overall , a film that could have been better , and could have been worse . And I 'd like an order of Will Smith in the shower on the side with that . From now on , lets just have all Will Smith films featuring him in the shower .
 but very little else.and yes , we get the point.mr willenium hit the gym hard.i hope in the year 2035 apartments arent that shabby where there are no shower curtains.and whats with the skullcap exposing only 1 ear?a 2035 trend?anyway , enough nitpicking.the movie itself was a good idea taken from an idea best left alone -LRB- mr willenium is to bland for such a concept -RRB- . in 2035 , robots are the new pet.for every 5 humans there will be 1 . mr willenium has issues stemming from an incident where a robot had to make a choice.during a caraccident in which his vehicle and that of a family carrying a young daughter , the robot chose willy.of course his paranoia is mocked at 1st -LRB- couldnt you smell the stereotypical police captian a mile away ? -RRB- turns out that his instincts were justified as the robots led by a program called V.I.K.I. which pits new robots against old ones and any human who gets in the way.even with the flimsy script and ultra lame quips -LRB- aaahhhhhhh choooooooooo!im alergic to B.S. -RRB- a different actor would have been more convincing.and how did ms calvin become mrs rambo all of a sudden?the effects were worth renting but youd have to be a hardcore will smith fan to buy .
 I skipped I ROBOT in the theaters but I had a feeling it would be good enough to buy on dvd and worth the short wait . Well I waited for nothing because there are very little special features and i have enough bare bones dvd 's such as the paramount made friday the 13th films . I decided to just download I robot off of bit torrent and found it to be a good movie that deserved the two disk package like spiderman 2 and collateral got . Being a huge will smith fan , i feel really let down that the film company schemes to release multiple editions of the dvd . stop being greedy !
 Does anyone else besides me feel that INDEPENDENCE DAY -LRB- 1996 -RRB- was an unbelievably contrived -LRB- and expensive -RRB- piece of hooey that somehow caught the public 's fancy ? Well , if you ca n't get enough of Will Smith and noisy action sequences , it 's time to fall to your knees and praise the cinematic gods
 This movie could have been more than it was . The evolution of robots into laborers appears to be within the grasp of modern technology , and robots beginning to take control of the humans who made them is already here . . like in space travel or microsurgery where people are unable to take manual control of the process ... This concept goes back to RUR , the Czech play of decades ago , but , in any case , this version dissolved into a juvenile shoot-em-up . Instead of a thoughtful presentation of robots and their potential dangerous side effects , an examination of the advantages and disadvantages of these mechanical workers , it becomes a trivialized and stereotypical piece of nonsense , with the nasty corporate leader , the pretty but skeptical female scientist , the crusty and unbelieving police captain , and the hero , who survives in spite of himself .
 The opening minute or so of this film is quite sickeningly cynical . We see Will Smith 's character Del Spooner getting out of bed . We see his morning routine , his shower . The camerawork is all about the muscles . We then see him lovingly and slowly unwrapping a box with a set of trainers inside . To settles any doubt a few minutes later he is dropping the brand name and describing them as ` vintage 2004 ' -LRB- The movie is set in 2035 . -RRB- So that there 's no room for doubt . The first minute or so is not an opening sequence to the movie ` I Robot ' at all . It 's just a commercial . How badly does that suck?If you do n't switch off in disgust at that point what do you get ? Well you get a variation on the theme of machinery we humans are given to making getting smarter and smarter and starting to get dangerously insubordinate . We 've been there before of course in ` 2001 ' , in ` Blade Runner ' , in the ` Terminator ' franchise and plenty else . Isaac Azimov however was there long before any of these guys , coming up with the short stories this film takes its name from back in the ` 40s . In fact Azimov was decidedly sympathetic to his robots imaginary paternalistic insubordination . But we get none of that here . Indeed what we get here retains almost nothing of the Azimov book except a broad theme and the names of a couple of characters.A striking feature of Azimov 's work is that it really is * science * fiction informed as it was by a vast knowledge of science . So it 's a pity to find the science-talk that floats around here is such laughable mumbo jumbo , idiotic word-surfing with woefully misappropriated talk of ` the ghost in the machine ' and ` free radicals ' . -LRB- Just to be clear , ` the ghost in the machine ' was a metaphor invented by Oxford philosopher Gilbert Ryle to characterise what he considered the ` Cartesian myth ' of a private inner world of consciousness , while ` free radical ' is a fundamental concept in modern molecular chemistry that has absolutely bugger all to do with free will . -RRB- Hollywood has engaged remarkably little with the huge corpus of Asimov 's science fiction and it 's sad to see such dumbing down on a rare occasion when they do.Mainly it 's a cgi fest much of it like watching a cartoon . The action sequences , notably the one where Smith is attacked in his car and the climactic one stretched my capacity to suspend disbelief way past breaking point and were a bit tedious . Smith 's character is probably not intended to come across as obnoxious , arrogant and thoroughly dislikeable but it does . Chi McBride is n't bad in the clich&eacute;d part of the maverick cop 's long-suffering , running out of patience boss . Bridget Moynahan is weak in the clich&eacute;d part of the rather frosty-seeming woman scientist type who turns out to have emotions after all . All three are out-acted by a cgi robot.Don ' t get me wrong . This is all entertaining enough . If you want a dumb popcorn movie that more or less does what it says on the tin that is exactly what this is .
 I had the original I robot and bought the new 3d version with some great expectation . The 3d is very poor , can not tell the diff between it and the 2d version . Poor .
 5 stars goes to JVC for working on a faster way to convert 2d to 3D on the fly.ZERO stars for fox inc for changing the movie from its ORIGINAL aspect ratio.in most scenes the background was not converted to save time , other scenes ... about 25 % ish were ok , the rest just SUCKED.over all the people that are calming this to be the best conversion ever are obviously employees of fox inc just trying to promote it . and they are just a bunch of LAIRS !
 When you want to see what 's wrong with the vast number of big budget action movies , you need n't go much further than I , Robot . Based extremely loosely on the book of short stories by Isaac Asimov , this film is a crude assembly of action-movie cliches that somehow make an entire film.In a near-future Chicago , robots are commonplace and something of a servant class , bound by the Three Laws of Robotics , which prohibits harm of humans and compels obedience . When a robot apparently commits murder , the cop who investigates the crime finds something much more threatening afoot than a single homicide.Executed well , this could have been a decent movie , but no one involved seems that interested in any real level of originality . The writing is loaded with cliches , most prominently with Will Smith 's cop character , a sullen but wise-cracking detective who has a deep dislike for robots . You 've seen the same character in a dozen other movies , as well as the wise-and-feisty grandmother , the hard-nosed police captain , the sinisterly pragmatic CEO and the idealistic-and-nave scientist . The action sequences are also often comically stale , with slow-mo , Matrix-like effects that more intrusive than effective.Unfortunately , the movie does have some good stuff ; I say `` unfortunately '' because if it was completely bad , it would be more likely that this sort of movie would be rejected by audiences and we 'd stop seeing these relatively tedious flicks . But the special effects with the robots are often interesting and the story does become a bit more watchable in the last act . So , although this movie is unoriginal and generally lacking , it has just enough good stuff to merit two stars .
 After watching I , Robot , I had a strange urge to go out and buy , buy , buy ! Could it be all the shameless ads that were not so subtly placed in the movie 's script?The movie , loosely based on Isaac Asimov 's book of the same name , has as much to do with the book as well I have as much to do with anyone else named Nikki.Will Smith , having decided that after losing the Oscar to `` the other black guy '' , he needs to return to the shallow blockbusters that made him famous -LRB- ie . Independence Day , Men in Black -RRB- stars in this forgettable mess of a 90 minute advertisement . Would n't it have just been easier to skip the extras , other actors , special effects and just have Will prance around in converse shoes , drive his Audi and hawk all the other merchandise that glutted this film?Oh Will , do you actually read scripts anymore or do they just throw you the big bag of money and the free kicks and you ride off in your Audi , rapping about how you do n't curse . You 've sold your soul , my friend . How does it feel ?
 I only remember the robots face after the movie . I am sure you will too . but that 's all it 's about . heck , I dont have much to say besides that.this movie is waste of time .
 I wanted to see this for a while and I thought it was a letdown . It held my interest for only a few seconds -LRB- which I think it 's obvious which scene that was , I was n't expecting that -RRB- There are special effects , but those could be created with a computer for any movie at any time . I like Will Smith , but this just does n't do it for me . If sci-fi is what you crave , I would say look elsewhere . I 've seen the comparisons to Blade Runner , which do n't hold up to me because at least I can say I enjoyed that movie .
 The Region 4 release in Australia has TWO discs with lots of behind-the-scenes and deleted scenes etc , it also has not one but three commentaries ! I would normally purchase the Region 1 version from Amazon in NTSC because it is running at the correct speed of 24fps , but with all the extras available here in Sydney , Ive decided to get the PAL version at 25fps . Perhaps they will announce a special addition after you have already brought the U.S. version !!!! The same thing happened with the Australian 2-disc of The Day After Tomorrow - it has a separate disc with a lot more special features . Has the studio tried to fit everything on one disc and therefore removed alot of the special features ? Also , because these Australian versions have only the movie on one disc , there is far less compression .
 Independance Day and I , Robot are awesome movies . I bet they look great on Blu-Ray , but was does Fox price them so high . $ 28 for an old movie is crazy . I Am Legend is only $ 19 which I will be buying , but I will wait on these two movies until the price goes down .
 Fox is ridiculous . They 're doing this with three films I know of
 I 've seen this movie three times , and still ca n't force myself to like it . Frankly , it 's boring . Will Smith looks bored , so does Bridget Moynahan -LRB- Sylvia Calvin -RRB- and Chi McBride . The `` funny '' one-liners are boring , too . The only person smiling in this production seems to be the robot , Sonny . And he 's mostly animated ! The movie is saved to some extent by the dramatic finale , when the robots come alive and try to take over the world -LRB- what else ? -RRB- . But not by much . Even during the finale , Smith and Moynahan look bored and boring ! `` I , Robot '' ends with a cliff-hanger , implying that another revolution is in the air , this time led by the nice guy Sonny . But since there 's no sequel , we 're ultimately left with nothing at all ... Two stars .
 Look
 The only reason to watch this movie is the spectacular CGI . The combining of real actors -LRB- if you can call Will Smith a real actor -RRB- with CG looks terrific . But the plot is SERIOUSLY lacking ... There are so many plot holes in this flick , I do n't know where to begin . Was there any doubt after 10 minutes who the real culprit was ? Once again , Hollywood 's disdain for the `` evil corporation '' rings loud.During the big robot attack on Smith in his car , does anybody really believe that there is n't another car on the road ? In L.A. ?? LOL!It just goes on and on . What a terrible , mindless flick .
 1 . Use a storyline that has been done to death . Machines taking over mankind . Gee where have we heard this before ? 2 . Over-dependence on CGI3 . Will Smith . This guy is the same character in every movie , a smart arsed be-atch who needs an attitude adjustment . What a punk .
 The movie starts off with our `` lovable '' action hero Will Smith waking up from bed completley nude . We can tell right off the bat that this is a typical Will Smith ego film fest . The story is good enough , but the fact that WIll Smith is just a '' '' bag , -LRB- you fill in the blank -RRB- makes this movie unwatchable . A good movie about Man vs Machine is the anime `` Ghost in the Shell '' or Blade Runner . I-Robot done in another way with another lead actor would have propelled it further .
 Ugh.Asimov fans will cringe at this crude adaptation of his works . I found it to be bland , action-packed tripe , which failed to underlie the basic principles of Asimov story-telling ; cerebral , mystery , detective - all of these styles are to be found in his books . Alas , not in this film.For someone who has never read an Asimov book , then this film as a complete standalone is mildly sufficient , that is if you like your action films set to a prediciatble formula ; good cool guy , love interest , simmering tension building up to a grand finale . You get that here.Myself , I prefer something a little more thought-provoking . Like one of Issac Asimov 's books , for instance .
 Hey , Will Smith , what the hell did Asimov ever do to you ? This movie takes a science fiction classic and rapes it with bad acting and horrid dialog . I honestly do n't understand why they bothered to call this `` I , Robot '' - it has NOTHING in common with the book except a couple of character names . This is a bad action movie and a slap in the face to Asimov 's ground breaking work . I have no problem with crappy movies aimed at teenagers and other people who need lots of flashing lights and explosions to hold there attention but this movie is bad enough to turn people away from the book -LRB- read the book - seeing the movie wo n't even spoil the ending for you i promise -RRB- .
 What did I not like about this movie ? Pretty much most of it , I have to be honest . Why oh why is the future always depicted as being like Times Square at 5pm on a Friday ? There are always hundreds of people in the background walking in about 50 different directions . Nonsense.Will Smith Fresh Prince 'd his way through the movie , weaving his Audi and / or his motorbike through some of the larger gaps in the plot -LRB- who has their house demolished once they die ? What the heck was that all about other than an excuse for Smith to escape / defeat - once again - the robots -RRB- . You hate robots for saving you ? You sleep with a large , presumably loaded gun in your hands ? You are a maverick cop ? Come on , guys , this is awful . Straight out of the ` Will this do ? ' school of filmmaking.Based on a series of short stories ? I think not.An awful movie that I 'm sure will have plenty of 5 star * awesome * reviews from people who check their brains in alongside their coats at movie theaters .
 Will Smith was recently in the news saying that AIDS had been created by White people to kill Blacks . I guess this movie must be his revenge for that.It has little to do with Asimov 's classic story . We get the usual cop on the edge who follows his hunches instead of the rules -- GIANT CLICHE !!! -- and then we get these White robots who want to wipe out Will Smith -LRB- a sure sign of artificial intelligence as the guys is such a nauseating , smug -LSB- supply own expletive -RSB- -RRB- . After this it just descends into action-special-effects Hell as any interest or storyline is squeezed out by Smith leaping around , probably supported by wires , as an army of CGI geeks try to keep up with overambitious and cartoonish special effects -- Crash ! Blast ! Kaboom ! ... Yawn!Nevermind the robots ; Hollywood actors , directors , and producers should be programmed with `` the 3 laws of moviemaking '' - characters , story , and meaning . This pointless production breaks all three -- bad robot !
 A great story to only be completely barried by unwatchable action . Climax action scene ? No just fighting the robots which were boring to watch after a few seconds . Great cast , great plot , great title sorta . Just the action was not interesting making this movie the worst summer movie I have seen in a long time .
 I 've proudly collected most all 3D Blurays available in the US since the beginning . I must say that I ROBOT is the worst 3D conversion I 've ever experienced . I actually sold it on ebay for $ 9 . It looked like a pop-out book - simply unsatisfactory . FOX/SONY has boasted about their new techniquest to convert 2D Classics to 3D classics . Note to Fox/Sony
 When I ordered this with the other 3d movies , I thought that it would be the Best One . I ordered it because I loved the regular Blu Ray version , so much . Sadly it does not have that much 3D to it . I thought with all the top action scenes , it would have lots of 3D , jumping out at you . This version of 3D is mediocre at best . If , it had been more than $ 19.95 , I would be returning it . As , this is a one on a scale of 10 .
 Very disappointing ! There is hardly any 3d effects in this movie.I do n't know how they can call it 3 d.
 The 3d effects were not as expected . Movie was n't made in 3d likely reason . Not a bad movie in general .
 Okay , when the best acting in the movie comes from a robot , you know something 's not right . In this futuristic -LRB- yawn -RRB- movie , Det. Spooner is investigating the death of a roboticist , Dr. Lanning . He finds a protocol NS-5 robot , Sonny in the doctor 's room and being the robo-hater that he is ... immediately blames Sonny for the murder . Of course , Sonny being the cool , kick-ass robot that HE is , escapes . Spooner , with the help of robot psychologist Susan have to track down Sonny and get to the root of the `` who-dunnit '' mystery . Oh yeah , robots in the future are programmed with these 3 laws :1 -RRB- They ca n't hurt humans .2 -RRB- They have to follow whatever the hell the human tells them unless it conflicts with Rule 1.3 -RRB- Robots will do anything to protect themselves unless it conflicts with Rule 1 . So , there lies the problem . How could the NS-5 unit have killed Dr. Lanning.I have to say , although I LOVE sci-fi movies ... it 's a tricky genre to tackle . Overdoing it , and it becomes silly . Not doing enough would make it bland . Plus it has to be original . In I , Robot ... I felt like I was watching a mixture of other sci-fi movies particularly Minority Report -LRB- which I totally DUG , and have watched it about 10 times -RRB- . And the sad thing was , the concept behind this movie was pretty interesting -LRB- credit to Asimov for that -RRB- but of course as soon as they Hollywood-ized it , the movie falls apart . The story is SO typical , it offers nothing new . Det. Spooner is the rogue detective , the `` thinking out of the box-crazy type '' that 10 minutes into the movie , you know that in the end he 's gon na be right , and he 's gon na go back to his captain -LRB- or whatever -RRB- and say `` a-ha , in your face '' . While the robot , Sonny was definitely interesting , it did n't really lead to anything groundbreaking . Apart from that , we have the reluctant but noble heroin , the guy who 's trying so hard to be bad that you know he 's not the culprit , and a whole lotta unoriginal stuff . To me , this is why the movie failed . As I said , it had an interesting premise but it just does n't get explored in the way I would 've liked it to.The acting is so-so . Will Smith is really starting to irritate me . After his fantastic performances in movies like Independance Day , Enemy Of The State and Men In Black -LRB- 1 , not 2 -RRB- , now he just seems content to look buff and deliver lame lines . More than once , I felt like punching the heck out of him . I know , he did n't have much to work on anyway , thanks to such a dry script , but I still felt he was really miscast here . Bridget Moynahan delivers a mediocre performance , there seemed to be no chemistry whatsoever between her and Spooner , she looked like she was acting with a gun to her head . The rest of the cast do an alright job , probably because they 've seen the same thing in a hundred other movies.The saving grace for this movie has got to be the visual effects . There were many scenes with the robots that literally took my breath away . It 's amazing how far CG has advanced in movies . Everytime Sonny appears on screen , he steals the limelight . His moves and facial expressions outperforms the humans anytime . Even when he speaks , his voice seem to reflect his emotions , which caused the hoo-ha because robots are not supposed to have emotions . I thought this was done very well , and to be honest kept me watching until the end.In short , save your money ... watch this on cable or rent the DVD coz it 's really not worth getting . The storyline leaves much to be desired . The acting is less than satisfactory . You 're much better off watching sci-fi greats like The Matrix or Blade Runner . Now , if you 'll excuse me ... I 'm gon na watch Minority Report for the 11th time .
 If you 're interested in wasting two hours of your day with the Fresh Prince of Bell Aire , go for it . If you 're interested in a scene devoted to seeing his hinie , go for it . If your interested in action , gunplay , realism , intelligent picture flow - then do n't go for this one.It 's absolutely dismal . It 's not worth anymore of my time describing what the previews lead you to believe to be a cool sci-fi flick , which turns out to be nothing more than HYPE .
 The writers used the character names , and the book name , but nothing elseThe explanation of the 3 laws was ridiculousThe art work of the robots was goodWill Smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor , but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon.I Robot is part of a series of Asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters . The human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity . None of this appeared in the movie .
 Ahem . This movie would have made a pretty good summer flick except for one thing
 If you never read Asimov , then you will enjoy this film . Stuff blows up real good , Will Smith wisecracks and shoots stuff and the co-star adds to the hoochie factor.But if you read the book , well the phrase `` Asimov spinning in his grave '' comes to mind . The idiot screenwriters , treating the 3 Laws of Robotics as a suggestion , created a script full of `` Crazy Killer Robots '' . This was something Asimov often poked at in his writings . The Outer Limits episode called `` I , Robot '' is more faithful than this mess.What 's worse , Alex Proyas , the director of the great `` Dark City '' directed this affront to good sci-fi . And I thought `` Minority Report '' was as bad as it could get ...
 If you thought David Lynch 's Dune was a travesty , have a look at this mess!Its got a dude , its got guns and its got stuff exploding!Avoid this trash , and read the thoughtful and non-violent book.Susan Calvin rules !
 being that this is the age of CGI 's , i cant say that great effects alone will salvage a bad movie.yes there are exceptions -LRB- league of extraordinary gentlemen , van helsing , troy , hulk ... -RRB- but for the most part , they had better be some kick butt CGI 's . i , robot 's CGIs werent that good.the fresh prince was once again being the fresh prince -LRB- CAN SOMEONE PLEASE GIVE THIS GUY ANOTHER PERSONALITY ?!?!?!?!?!? -RRB- in each of his movies , im expecting to see a butler pop up and give him some advice.this is the godawfull independence day all over again.a very good idea ruined by a 1 trick pony !!!!!!!!!!!! of course his freshness isnt entirely to blame.the script was abysmal.the charactors ... were there any ?!?!?!? the '' humor '' straight out of snaps 1982 edition.the only thing missing was the canned laugh track.people must really have to dumb themselves up in order to watch and enjoy movies nowadays . -LRB- FOR THOSE NEEDING TO LEAVE THEIR BRAINS OUT OF WATCHING A MOVIE ... YOU HAVE A FUTURE IN POLITICS ! -RRB- . the jist of this junk is as follows ... robots are our friend.they are the new video game.bound by THE 3 LAWS robots are slaves that dont mind being slaves.but spooner -LRB- the fresh prince -RRB- is a cop who has a '' gut feeling '' about these robots.and of course his feelings are mocked at first.his hatred of all things C3PO ` esque is due to the fact that a robot decided to rescue him instead of a little girl -LRB- aaawwwwwww , how touching -RRB- during a car wreck that sent both cars into the drink.youd think , judging by the level of hatred , that one of the robots ran off with his wife.he hates them because they saved him ... PITIFULL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! his suspicions are fed when his '' mentor ? '' takes a walk out of his office window.this is also when the CGIs kick in.theyre nice to look at but makes the movie even more ridiculous.and ms calvin ... you really improved on your shooting abilities!first you were shooting robots with your eyes closed all scared , and now that you have 100 's leaping at you , you become the next rambo !!!! im impressed !!!! thers way too much wrong with this for me to really put into words.all i know is that im not completely upset renting this -LRB- i have a deal where you rent 2 get 1 free ... guess which was my freebie -RRB- . to spend more than the cost of a rental really would be self insulting.my gut feeling is that those buying this mess and giving it rating above 2 are women who cant wait to hit the pause button when willy strikes a pose in his 2035 style bathroom.pitifull
 The film is not actually that bad , but instead of been call I Robot it should be call hardwire -LRB- scrpt 's original name -RRB- . For anyone that wants to see an Hollywod action movie itsok but if you want to see a film based on Asimov book , do n't see it because it 's totally based on other story not even closed onwhat asimov wanted to tell about it in his books .
 Could have been a very good movie were it not for Will Smith 's predictable performance . Come to think of it so was Independence Day . I find myself bored to tears watching this guy and his predictable hatred for robots or love interest stuff . Hard to sit through it waiting for the good stuff . His stuff is strictly canned.I ca n't imagine any director with brains wanting him for a lead so one can make an educated guess that there was a deal involved . That gives the actor power to alter his part . In Smith 's case my guess is his performance kept a constant eye on what the characters actions would mean to Will Smith 's career and not what it would mean to the movie . In fact that seems always to be the case.The hatred of robots bit is so contrived its brain numbing.Note who takes up 90 % of the cover .
 I have the movie in full screen . I wanted a wide screen version to play on my computer lcd monitor.Oops !! it quit playing about halfway through.Tested on a stand alone DVD player same thing.Dispointed ...
 Smith has shown once again that he can only play one role - that of a disrespectful punk who grates on everyone 's nerves . Asimov is probably rolling around in his grave right now . The special effects were good , but the acting was not . Chi McBride was great , and Bridget Moynihan did well , but Smith just reinforced the fact that he ca n't handle any role that does n't exactly reflect his own personality and demeanor . I hope that some director in the future tries to cast Smith in a role that was n't written for him - then we will all see that he really ca n't act his way out of a wet paper bag.Don ' t buy this on DVD - wait for it to come out on one of the cable movie channels ...
 Well , a lot . More than a lot . Poor Will does his best with a doggie script . He accounts for the one star.I do n't know why those enlightened movie companies insist in making one SF dog after another . Did you watch the `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' , `` Sky Captain '' , or `` AvP '' ? There are plenty of others around , all of them sucking money out of our pockets.They need to fool us in order to pay for the great CGI effects I suppose . They fail to understand that if CGI is used to generate profits , it will kill the emotional content of the movie . What 's left is the customary Hollywood Pablum dulling our senses.Do not relate this dog to any of Isaac Asimov 's works . They stole the title and we shall punish them by forgetting this miserable mutt .
 What a boring movie . There are worse ways to spend a couple of hours , but not by much . Every scene begins with a door sliding open to reveal Will Smith -LRB- of whom , I ca n't say I 'm a fan -RRB- and/or his dialogue partner -LRB- I do n't dare call much of what anyone does in this ` acting ' -RRB- . I 've never seen Bridget Moynahan in anything else , and I hope the trend continues -- what a bland , monotonous person.The commentary is likewise boring , and repetitive , with pretty much nothing interesting to offer ... much like the movie.The only bright point would be Alan Tudyk 's performance as Sonny the robot . Capable actors James Cromwell , Bruce Greenwood , and Chi McBride are all pretty much wasted in bland background roles , in favor of Will Smith 's wise-cracking good cop with a troubled past cliche -- I mean , ` character ' . At least they did n't find a way to shoehorn one of his songs into the movie . Watch it only if you must .
 Very good movie , but the language was awful . Why do they have to ruin good movies with foul language and taking God 's name in vain . We 've always liked Will Smith . To bad they ruined the movie .
 I have never received this movie . I have written the seller twice and still have heard nothing . Please let me know what is going on with this order . Rebecca Nix
 This might have been a great movie , but it 's impossible to get past Smith 's gawkiness and `` attitude '' , lending a clownish cast to his character . The whole tone of the movie is colored by his misguided acting . All seriousness is lost in his silly quips and awkward costuming . `` Somehow ' I told you so ' does n't quite say it . '' Horrible scripting in many instances . `` This thing does n't run on gas , does it ? Gas explodes , you know ! '' Yuck . Thanks for ruining it , Big Bird.And the CGI is not too impressive either . The sight of swarms of robots jumping around like grasshoppers does n't exactly inspire awe ; looks more like a bad scene from a videogame . Although I liked the concept of cables for muscles.But how about the story ? As I mentioned , it 's totally dominated by Smith 's `` Bad Boys '' persona and his ridiculous costumes which accentuate his ears -LRB- and earrings -RRB- . His strutting and brooding and constant throwing around of his weight crowd out any serious consideration of the plot . It 's jarring . It 's a complete mismatch for this type of movie . They might as well have cast Jon Lovitz in the part.But perhaps this was necessary , as the plot has huge gaps in logic . Why do robots in the dark seek out light ? asks one of the characters . Well , all musings on AI aside , it must be a function of programming . Everything about them is , even when they behave unpredictably . I guarantee you there is a subroutine in their brains that , when certain conditions are met , fires off a command to move towards the light . Nothing profound about that . The only mystery arises from our ignorance of those necessary conditions.The movie is further ruined by some silly `` big air '' gunfighting from Smith , again completely out of place in this movie.And why does he hate robots so much ? You 'll laugh until you cry when you find out . And then you 'll want to slap him silly.Oh . And another thing . It 's implausible that we would manufacture robots of such strength and , well , hardness without some easy way to disable them , just in case . It 's just too scary for us otherwise - that 's human nature . No one wants to be in a building at night with an automaton that can pull your head off if its software or hardware fails - talk about Blue Screen of Death.Finally , there is no conflict regarding the three laws in the movie , so do n't expect any philosophical musings in that regard . The issue is cheaply circumvented .
 This sucks really badly.AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!!!! it has will Smith in it . Enough said.But , saying that I have n't explained yet.He has ears that are on the same scale to Tom Cruise 's nose , and my pal AJ `` Jizzy B '' 's enormous girth . I said to AJ `` Dude ! Sweet ! Dude ! I wonder if we can get satellite T.V. for free if we splice a wire into those things ? '' He reckoned we could , so we did , but the wire was really short , so that 's why he looks so angry on the cover of the DVD , cos he 's dragging the wall of my house round with him , but he ca n't figure out what 's going on ; he 's like
 Yes I , Robot is a very good movie and fun to watch . but I ordered the movie in 3D and it is by far the worst 3D movie that you can buy . Where 's the 3D in this movie I do n't know .
 Being a Sci-Fi guy and a fan of some of Asimov 's books I figured this film may as well be worth an evening of entartainment . It barely was . There were several problems . I will list them out for you : - Will Smiths portrayal of the dime-a-dozen `` good cop with a hunch '' was bordering on obnoxious . He was loud , annoying , and very difficult to care about . His backstory was also pretty standard stuff . - Awful CGI and special effects . Yup , the robots themselves had little or no detail and the action sequences looked about as video game-ish as you can get . Of course there were the usual `` how did the hero escape that situation '' scenes . Yuk . - The Police Chief that has to take Smiths badge was also textbook cliche and added nothing . - Very little suspense . Not sure why ... but this movie did not have me wondering what was going to happen next . I barely cared anyways . The action scenes were dull and the characters were too . ` Nuff Said . - The movie just didnt know what it wanted to do with itself and got into that `` funk '' that some films get into when you feel like they are just burning time up.Overall , other than the concept which is cool , this film lacked any real excitement and when it was over I had the `` That 's it ? '' feeling.Needless to say I wont be adding this to my collection . You can try it out as a rental but even that may not be worth it unless you have absolutely nothing else to watch.NOT Recommended !
 This movie is a tribute to Will Smith 's ego . It hardly resembles the book . It should be titled `` I , Will Smith '' , starring Will Smith , co-starring Will Smith , and having a cast of some other people . The plot is ridiculous , never really being established , and it goes down from there . With a little effort , it could have been a comedy instead of just being silly .
 Amazed to read some others found the 3D conversion suitable on I Robot.I am using a top of the line blu ray 3D player and a new LG TV and I found I Robot to be a big disappointment and a very bad sign of where 3D -LRB- conversion -RRB- is headed -- studios using the cheaper conversion option and movies having little depth and no pop-out whatsoever.The funny thing about the I Robot conversion to me was the small on-screen menu that would appear when prompted was the ONLY popout in the whole movie and the sad thing about that is that it immediately and constantly shows you and reminds you of how the movie COULD have been.I do think the 3D version of I Robot is better than just the bluray experience BUT when you watch other 3D movies like Titanic and Avatar you 'll see a day and night difference . At least I sure did.To all studios
 The producers give a vague wave to Asimov 's book , but that 's about it . Now , I 'm not one of those sticklers who thinks every line in the movie should be exactly the same as in the book , but this was just silly . Why bother with the name at all ? Aside from wanting to cash in on Asimov 's reputation , of course.So Wil Smith is excellent as always , and the character of Doctor Kelvin is pretty cool -LRB- ca n't remember who plays her , but at least they do n't alter her basic nature too much . -RRB- The plot could have been really good - part of the tragedy of this movie is how much potential it had - but the production went for big kabooms instead of any sense of realistic action . The quest for a bigger , badder action scene absolutely ruined this movie . They might have followed the three laws and used plot elements form Asimov 's book , but they threw the basic laws of physics out the window and made the whole set-up `` too stupid to live '' for the sake of shiny effects instead of playing it straight.All in all , I kind of thought it was going to suck , and I was n't wrong .
 This movie was a disappointment . If you are n't a science-fiction fan -LRB- and maybe if you are -RRB- you do n't want to see I , ROBOT . It is one of those movies that is slow to get the least bit interesting and truly escalates at the conclusion of the movie . While Isaac Asimov was a great science-fiction writer , I , Robot in its movie version just does n't cut it . Not even Will Smith can lighten this bland movie , with the exception of the ending . It just lacks in being a truly exciting movie . It seems like for a while it is a mix of drama and science fiction , and then here comes comedy relief from Will Smith . It is way overhyped and could 've definitely been better . 2 stars .
 Uggghhhh , that is the noise Isaac Asimov is making as he roles over in his grave . This movie tried to be more than what it was and in the process completely destroyed what Asimov had written . This movie is just a bunch of special effects and little wise cracks from Smith , who is just so funny . For what the movie was , it was n't that bad , but the director should of left it had that , not try to make it seem like anything more . HTe concept of robots showing emotion and man vs machine , it has been done before , and much better -LRB- See `` Blade Runner '' and `` 2001
 I ordered the 3D/Bluray combo pack for the action/graphics . It 's a typical Will Smith big budget action movie -LRB- so if you like those you 'll like this -RRB- . I do n't post many reviews but I wanted to on this 3D/Bluray pack because the 3D disc does not play on my Vizio 3D Bluray player . The disc acts like it is going to load , and then just ejects . I ordered it a second time thinking that I had received a defective disc the first time . I was wrong . The second one did the exact same thing.Save your time and money and order a normal DVD .
 A rip-off from Fox . First , all should know that the 3D version of the film has been CROPPED ! The widescreen film therefore loses picture information ... which is reprehensible considering that this is a visual-effects film . The 3D conversion is just `` meh '' as well . While I 'd give the film at least 3 stars , the hatchet job done to the movie by Fox makes it a must to avoid .
 Nice Transfer , nice Audio , nice F/X , bad Script . A missed chance . Yes Will , you have been working out . With all that product placement I wonder if somebody put any money . No , it is far from Asimov . The good robot movie is still to be done . Spielberg 's AI was a better try . The Day The Earth Stood Still has still the best robot so far -LRB- 1951 -RRB- . It must not be easy .
 The film it 's self it great . The story is interesting . The effects are great , no shock there . The DVD only has 2 special features A `` making of '' and commentary . Everything else on the DVD is a bunch of previews . I have never felt the need to write a review of a DVD before but I felt I had to for this one because the DVD is just about the worst one I purchased . If you only care about the film buy it . If you are like me and special features are important do n't waste you money . I also worry that the might be makeing a special or collectors edition .
 The movie as a sci-fi thriller , murder mystery and a little humanity thrown in is entertaining . However , the 3D is for crap . If you want a 3D movie as it should be done , do n't buy this . Brother , I 'm disappointed in this Blu-Ray 3D flick.It is another example of the studios as a business entity lying to the sucka public . I feel as if a member of the carp family.Would have never bought this knowing the 3D was lousy and close to non-existent . Titanic has awesome 3D and it was originally made it 2D . I Robot has no excuses for this lackluster 3D . If it ai n't true 3D then they got no right in calling no movie 3D . It proves again that 3D when I was kid is better than 3D now . I 'll be 69 in May 2013 . Cardboard glasses work.This movie can be bought as a regular DVD for one penny plus $ 2.99 postage right here on Amazon . Sure , of course , the older DVDs have a sharper picture than newer DVDs.Once you open the packaging you can not get a refund.My 3D TV and 3D Blu-Ray player sport the latest patches , My equipment is state-of-the art.This studio stinks . Almost all the studios stink.Shame on Will Smith . The Fresh Prince stinks.Buy it for a penny . There are literally hundreds on Amazon selling it for 1 penny plus the $ 2.99 postage .
 In iRobot , Will Smith reprises his role as the Fresh Prince of Bel Air ; only this time , the Fresh Prince is in the future ! The movie starts out with the government hiring Will to teach the increasingly disgruntled unemployed worker robots how to rap and breakdance . It works and Will soon enrolls his electronic proteges in a rap and breakdance competition where they have to face off against Boogaloo Shrimp and his evil robot pal 23465477 . Will 's robots win and they sign a deal with Arista . The end . This movie sucks .
 Just another overblown , overspecial effected , hollywood mess with very little thought to good plot or dialogue . And that actress is not attractive enough for a movie with this budget . And Will Smith needs to spend less time in the weight room and more time in an acting class . And all this old fashioned Sci-Fi just does n't make good movies today . -LRB- see war of worlds -RRB-
 The movie bears no relation to the book , they probably just use the title for npublicity . As for this review : WHY ARE YOU COMPARING THIS MOVIE TO THE BOOK !? If you do n't want to watch the movie , thats fine , so go into the corner and read your stupid book , but understand THIS IS A MOVIE NOT A BOOK ... Did anybody ever say it was SUPPOSED TO BE based on the book?Um , yes ... when it had the title , charecters , and theme of the book . Idiot .
 A big screen video game . No characterization . Effects that are obviously computer generated . Such effects are inversely proportional to tension and anticipation . What a waste .
 This is a terrible missues of one of Asimovs greatest novels . The relevance to the novel is only marginal.Will Smith is -LRB- as usual -RRB- doing a terrible job at being an action hero . He should have stayed with the sit-coms .
 a friend loaned this to me over the weekend and i watched it on my laptop while enroute from LAX to JFK . after the first 30 minutes , i had the urge to quit and do something else as this is really a boring movie . the plot is predictabile , the same machine vs. men , humanity and love to all , hug the tree kind of deal . as i already ` wasted ' over half an hour on this movie , i decided to stay put and finish the movie ... only to find out that the boredom continued . even worse , this movie has no humor , takes itself too seriously as if the director has something to preach ... . come to think of it , one star is too much but then , this is the lowest rating Amazon has for us . can we have negative 5 stars in the future ?
 This movie centres on digital effects and considerable noise . There is the ghost of a story here and , like a ghost , appears unexpectedly at times but , again like a ghost , is difficult to see and vanishes quickly.The movie holds your attention to a degree but in the way a series of explosions do . One goes off , then another then ... there 's a pause , and then another . So when they stop you wait for the next one because you know it will happen shortly.I suppose my biggest problem with the film is the digital look . It is so excessive you want to tear your hair out . The actors look like people lost in a Twilight Zone episode where they 've found themselves in a huge video game.As for the characters , it 's fitting that James Cromwell plays a character who is seen only as a holographic image - something with no depth . This is pretty much what every character is.It 's hard to fault the actors given what they have to work with . In fact , Bridget Moynahan as Susan Calvin is quite good and effective given the little room she has to actually act . But she 's about the only one.For instance , there is the movie 's star , Will Smith as Del Spooner . He appears to have phoned in his performance . But to be fair he has to spend the majority of his time being an action figure . But riding motorcycles and jumping from ledges is not acting . As an actor in I , Robot , he 's a great stunt man.The sad thing about this movie is that there actually are the seeds of a pretty good story here . But they 're lost amid cliche 's , stereotype characters and the endless , unrelenting `` set pieces , '' all digitally created and very boring .
 Hollywood Revisionism and Issac Asimov : ----------------------------------------------------- I grew up reading Asimov and I have also read his biographies and his cleverly titled
 This movie is terrible.Its just another formulaic piece of hollywood crap . Its a good thing Asimov is dead because he would have died after seeing this horrible movie supposedly based on his novel . I would n't recommend this movie to anyone , and I only gave it one star because you cant give zero stars . The writers , directors , producers , and actors in this movie should be ashamed !!!
 The story is totally different than the book . All they took was the name and a couple of the characters.The story was pretty much a rip-off of the Terminator . Just think about it . -LRB- ... -RRB- What is this thing next to the what , who did this and why ?
 Let me put it plainly
 I recently had the opportunity to view the film I , Robot , or Short Circuit 3 as it has come to be known by the Ft. Collins cultural elite . Although this movie is set 30 years in the future , Detective Del Spooner 's -LRB- Will Smith -RRB- jokes and witty antics keep with the times and never fail to elicit uproarious laughter . I guess phrases like `` Oh , hell no '' and `` Now that 's what I 'm talkin ' bout '' are timeless comic masterpieces . Do n't let the Fresh Prince 's diction fool you , this movie pushes as many P.C. hot buttons as Michael Moore 's Fahrenheit 9/11 and Mel Gibson 's recent emotional masterpiece Lethal Weapon 4 . I , Robot exemplifies a tried and true statement
 Wow ... I was expecting much more than this . The story is weak and has little foundation
 These DVDs are absolutely rip offs . M-1 had some great fights , however you only see the action that was on broadcast TV . Each of these only come with 5 fights and many cut out rounds 1 and 2 . The DVD 's only hold about 50 minutes of action . I am a big time MMA Fan and these DVDs are just not worth it . HDNET should have bundled the fights together and made compilation DVDs
 I guess I should have known that the quality of the movies on this DVD would be poor . But I was stoked to find 3 movies that I love on the same DVD . Great movies , very poor quality.It would be more wise to spring for each movie seperately .
 This is a very poor quality dvd ! I do n't recommend buying it . For example , the picture in Charades jumps up and down the whole time . I have the video version of Charades and it is an excellent picture .
 It is Amazon corporate policy to allow you to order this women 's DVD and they ship you the men 's instead . This is not only illegal but immoral . It is an unethical business practice and indicative of the moral lapses in America . It is theft short and simple .
 Great movie and one of the best examples of film noir but this release is awful . The image quality is terrible and it looks like it is copy off an old print with bad scratches , milky contrast and clicking and popping on the track . I hope a reputable company like Criterion gets the rights and they can do a restoration and new transfer . Meanwhile do n't waste your money on this version ,
 Film Noir Lovers - you can now have a quality print of The Big Combo -LRB- 1955 -RRB- ! I have purchased three prints of The Big Combo -LRB- 1955 -RRB- : Studio
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** It 's instructive to compare ` The Big Combo ' with another detective film , ` Mystery Street ' , filmed earlier in 1950 . Both films were shot by the great cinematographer , John Alton . Where ` Mystery Street ' features a cool-headed detective finely played by a young Ricardo Montalban , ` The Big Combo 's investigating officer is the hot-headed Lieutenant Leonard Diamond -LRB- with a stiff Cornel Wilde miscast in the role -RRB- . Montalban 's detective solves a difficult crime with finesse , always doggedly pursuing one clue after another until he arrives at a solution . In contrast , Wilde 's Diamond is clueless from the beginning ; he has nothing on Mr. Brown in terms of solid evidence and appears utterly impotent each time he has a face-to-face confrontation with the elusive psychopath.At the beginning , we find out that Diamond has exceeded the police department 's budget for investigating a case with no leads . In terms of today 's money , the -LRB- ... -RRB- would probably be equal to -LRB- ... -RRB- and at the very least Diamond would have been taken off the case for mismanagement of police funds.Like Mystery Street which featured ahead of its time CSI techniques , ` The Big Combo ' tries to prove it too is relevant . The first ` gadget ' is a tape recorder which Diamond uses to record his statement to the Commissioner about the funds used in the Brown investigation . That goes nowhere so we 're then supposed to be impressed by Diamond 's use of a lie detector after Brown agrees to be questioned . Brown 's responses to Diamond 's questions are hilarious -LRB- Question
 Length :
 It is sad that such a tense , gritty and beautiful little film has been given such an awful presentation . The picture quality is passable , but tends to be murky . John Alton was noted for his use of shadows , but this transfer leaves much to be desired . It can be lived with , however , since this was an independent film and possibly nothing else survives . The sound howver , is another story . It is TOTALLY unacceptable . Throughout the entire film , quite loud at time , is an audio problem known as `` motorboating '' . This occurs when the edge of the picture frame gets into the track area and you `` hear '' the frame lines in the soundtrack as a constant humming , like a boat motor . It RUINS this films , especially in a scene where silence is key . Although this problem is present in the original material used to make this transfer , it should have been corrected . I can not recommend this video to anyone unless you are a die-hard J.H. Lewis fan . It 's sad , because this is a highly enjoyable film , a fascinating counterpoint to Lewis 's raucous `` Gun Crazy '' .
 What an utter waste of time . I love old black and white movies , especially film noir , but the lighting is amateurish , the acting is very stiff , the ideas are idiotic -LRB- they arrest a woman for murder because she attempts suicide -RRB- , the makeup is incredibly poor -LRB- one man 's gray hair looks like it was applied with house paint -RRB- , the music is suddenly loud for no reason , but the writing should get a special award for stupidity . There is a wandering , nonsensical , and boring plot line that could not be saved with the greatest of actors , and they certainly are not that . Having seen it all the way through , I have no idea what a `` Big Combo '' is or why anyone wanted to make this movie . It is so bad I will hesitate to order a Big Combo the next time I want fries with my hamburger . I 'm actually sorry that I have to give it one star . Stinko !
 Fans of the Noire B-Picture can learn a lot from this movie . Joseph Lewis -LRB- the magnificent `` Gun Crazy '' -RRB- helms it , John Alton -LRB- `` T-Men '' , `` Railroaded '' , and the astounding `` Raw Deal '' -RRB- photographs , and the cast includes Cornel Wilde , Richard Conte , Brian Donlevy , and the young Lee Van Cleef and Earl Holliman.Film students take note : There 's obviously no money to spare here
 Bill and Ted are a little older now and so their naive , dumb personnas do n't work as well as the first time around . The Station character is non-non-heinous and seems totally out of place . The Grim Reaper is great though and the scene where Bill and Ted battle with the Reaper via Milton Bradley games is one of my all time favorite cinema moments .
 This movie was nowhere near the original , so should you wish to watch it , do n't expect to be in stitches the whole time . I honestly like it less and less each time I watch it , which to me is a mark of a bad movie . It does have it 's moments , hence the 2 stars -LRB- it is after all Bill and Ted , it HAS to have moments ! -RRB- . My suggestion is rent/borrow it before purchasing it . If you love it -- buy it . If not -- do n't .
 I loved Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure . It 's one of my favorite `` teen '' flicks . This however , I did not like as much . While the first one was brilliantly stupid , this one was just stupid . Believe me there 's a huge difference between the two films . If you watch this , I promise you , you are guaranteed to have your IQ drop . The characters they meet , Station for example , are so stupid looking they remind me of kind of monsters you would find in a little kid 's Saturday morning cartoon show . Only in this case , the creature is not animated so it looks million times more ridiculous . I still do n't understand why it needed to morph into two little creatures . And the evil Bill and Ted were equally stupid . I mean what was up with them trashing the place for no reason ? And why on earth were they detaching their heads ? Was this scene really necessary for the general flow of the film ? This entire film was ruined by stupid stuff like that . However , if I had found this movie in my cereal box , like some people apparently have , I probably would n't be complaining as much . The movie did have some funny parts . At least Bill and Ted 's dialogue did n't become redundant ... . or at least not in an unfunny way . Their comments were still almost as funny as the first film 's , if not funnier in some cases . And the showdown between Death and Bill and Ted was also hilarious , but considering I rented the film and did n't get it in my cereal box , neither of these things makes up for the unwanted appearance of the Easter bunny . What on earth was the director thinking ? this film reminds me of a blend of funny jokes with stupid situations . So in conclusion , this movie could have probably been good , if they had changed a few things . Unfortunately , however , they did n't . In result this movie for the most part is unbearable.P.S . If you have n't seen Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure , do n't let your opinion of this film get in the way . Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure was hilarious beyond belief .
 Whole family loved the first when viewed in 2011 , it is aging well . This one is not aging well too many things are too bogus to keep the story line going.The scene with the Reaper 's Challenge is the only redeeming scene and even that one is slower than most scenes in today 's comedies . Only watch if you are a `` Bill and Ted '' Historian .
 Bill & Teds ` original ' & definitely excellent adventure was a great movie - largly because it was such a simple movie , about simple character , but very original.But this movie , the ` bogus journey ` was n't aws original , funny or interesting to watch . Knowing that a sequel ca n't be surprising as the original , the team that created this movie tried being original , and ended up over doing it A LOT ... For example
 Thats about all I can say . It is funny , but not the best comedy .
 After watching the abysmal `` Excellent Adventure '' I took another kick in the nads and watched this complete waste of time . If you think the first film is bad , then do n't even think about this one . Once again our two uncharismatic do-do birds go on another `` trip '' ! Whoopee ! :-D I do want to point out that I like stupid stoner films and I can watch the dumbest of dumb when it come to them , but this film is boring , stupid and should have nothing of interest for anyone . There are so many better stoner comedies out there ! Lets just forget this one ever happened !
 although i do agree with all the reviews below mine , i would have to say this movie freaking sucked . It is the abomination of the movie world . It should have never been created , I got this in my cereal box , yep i was pouring my fruity lucks when this dvd popped into my cerial bowl . I tryed biting it to see if it was candy , but to no avail it was actually the dvd . I was so disappointed i decide to watch it , I thought i might get a good laugh out of how corny and cheesey ... mmm . cheese ... I want popcorn . THe movie actually scared me , and i had to go to the store to buy beer , and asprin . I then went to a party and talked about how bad this movie was . then i talked to alpha571 about it . I could n't believe that there was a movie with russel crowe in it , where he was n't yelling . Anyway , i liked the part in the movie where they died . that was the only funny part and they should have ended it there . good night everybody !
 1 star because you ca n't pick 0 stars ... The WORST movie I have ever seen , and not just because I watched it with my ex-girlfriend , but it was a genuinely awful experience . Movies like this are why people become alcoholics . Every time I see Keanu Reeves I want to jab an ice pick in my eye . Because as Lewis Black once said , If I am going to be in that much pain , I am going to inflict it on myself.Awful . Terrible . Horrid . I would even say pusillanimous if it was the right word , but it is n't . Still , it sounds good there , do n't it?You only have a certain number of minutes in your life . Do n't waste any of them on this movie .
 This should be a zero star rating!If you are looking for the entire Final Four ... you will not find it here.As a Kansas alum , fan , and native Kansan ... this DVD bothers me greatly . I would guess that many fans will want the full national semi-final game just as much as the championship game , but you will not get it here . The KU vs. UNC game has random cuts in the action . I was lucky enough to see a replay before the national title game , but I would prefer to own that UNC stomping in its entirety.I just do not understand why the NCAA can not get it right . The best DVD set I have purchased was the 2004 Red Sox set . I would happily pay extra to get all the Kansas tourney games , but I guess this is the best you can hope for this year . The sad thing is that the bare bones 1988 KU DVD that is two separate DVDs is even better than this one .
 Although this says it is still in pre-order , I received my copy on May 24 . I am a huge Memphis fan and was excited to get a copy of all of the games in the Final Four so I could do a better job of analyzing what was going on . Ca n't happen . THIS IS ONLY A HIGHLIGHTS DVD , under no circumstances is this anything near any entire game . You see a dunk when its a 2 point game then the next shot is during a 10 point game . This is completely incoherent .
 I have been reading these glowing reviews and i ca n't help but wonder if we all saw the same film . `` Hiroshima Mon Amour '' is a tedious and pretentious film . So many of the past reviewers spoke of the deep emotional connection between the two lovers , but it seems they 're seeing what they want to be there and not what is . All I saw was a clingy man badgering a woman until she spilled her guts and then he could n't get her to stop talking if he wanted -LRB- and the scary part is he did not want her to stop -RRB- . Another misconception I 've read over and over is this film is about the suffering about BOTH the Riva and Okada characters , but it is n't . The Okada character tells his French lover his entire family died in Hiroshima and he was in the army . It was all over in 20 seconds . But Riva 's character blathers on for nearly the rest of the movie about losing her German lover during the war . And this all brings me to the latent racism of the film
 `` You saw nothing in Hiroshima . Nothing '' is what he said . Hiroshima Mon Amour depicts the reality of the bombing of Hiroshima , which took place on August 6 , 1945 . The story begins with two bodies against each other with multiple clips of the results of the bombing . When I watched this movie for the first time , I realized this movie was far from a fairy tale . Instead , this movie captured reality and could be described as the `` fiction '' aspect of history William Gass explains in `` The Nature of Narrative '' . Throughout the entire movie the main character , a woman from France explains the hardships she went through back at home . It was disturbing for me to watch the movie as it went back in time where she was taunted for have been in love with a German soldier . I felt it violated a person 's right as to whom he/she may date . It was also unbearable to watch the clips where it shows the end results after the bombing of Hiroshima . The fact that this movie was made in 1959 the black and white picture made it difficult for me to read the subtitles . Lastly , the one thing I must question about this movie is the fact that it was told in French . I could n't help but get frustrated that the movie started from an awkward stage of the overall story . It seems as though it skipped the introduction and went straight into the rising of the climax . I did n't like that they both speak of the war with no clear explanation as to what they 're really talking about . If a person who was completely oblivious about the history of Hiroshima were to watch this movie , he/she that 's watching would have a hard time comprehending the overall point of the movie .
 Hiroshima Mon Amour is the first foriegn film with sub-titles I 've watched . I watched it for my film class.It was very slow , but the music helped push it along . The music helped set the mood for the graphic images it portrayed.I found the plot confusing , all the changes in time made it hard to follow . It was like a documentary gone bad . I think the love story made it cheaper , especilally since it was an affair.I did like however , the tie ins with the affair and the bombing . That was creative , although not a film I would sit at home and watch on a Saturday night .
 At the time of this writing , there was only one one-star review amidst the 5 and 4-star accolades . I 'm writing this in support of the one who had the courage to stand alone against the cinematic intelligentsia who find powerful meaning and artistic beauty in this film.After reading such superlatives as , `` one of the most influencial films of all time '' , I had to check it out . I 'll admit that I 'm not a fan of foreign film in general and my exposure to older European cinema consists of `` Metropolis '' , `` Night and Fog '' , `` The Seventh Seal '' and `` The Pasion of Joan of Arc '' , but I can appreciate each of them for their artistry and contribution to cinema . `` Hiroshima Mon Amour '' was to me , a failed experiment.On the surface , it seems to be a story about a self-absorbed French nymphomaniac , Elle , slowly loosing her mind as she reveals her past to a casual sex partner , Lui , that she 's just met in Hiroshima . They 're both `` happily married '' , which in 1959 apparently meant that all adulterous encounters were limited to one-night stands . In spite of their powerful connection , they both know that a lasting relationship is out of the question . As she pours her heart out to him in a bar , sometimes she talks about the past as if it were the present , other times she does n't . She describes a forbiddden love affair with a German soldier -LRB- during WWII -RRB- and how she was tortured by her family because of it ; someone shaves her head and confines her in a cellar . She talks to Lui as if she is reliving her past and he is the German soldier . So what does Lui ask her after hearing this ? He wants to know if it ever rained . She replies , `` Along the walls '' . What have these people been smoking ? Director Resnais fails utterly to make any of this understandable . I 've read that this story is about memory and how without it , we ca n't know that we exist . If you suddenly woke up with your memory wiped clean , you 'd be mightily confused , but you 'd know that you exist ; `` I think , therefore I am '' . In the film , Lui says to Elle , `` In a few years when I have forgotten you ... I 'll remember you as the symbol of love 's forgetfulness '' . I 'll remember when I 've forgotten ?? You 're a symbol of love 's forgetfulness ... whom I remember ?? Yeah , OK , now if I can just remember to forget this film .
 The Bottom Line : A film that seems more like a project from film school than something people would still praise a half-century after its release , Hiroshima Mon Amour is a bizarre combination of romantic narrative and documentary about the atomic bomb which fails completely to find a compelling reason for its own existence ; one of those films that people praise primarily because it 's different , without looking to see if there 's anything of substance behind the iconoclasm of the director , this is a film that should be viewed only by those who wish to study the cinematic equivalent of a dish which combines candy corn and foie gras .2 / 4
 Alain Resnais ' 1959 adaptation Marguerite Duras ' overrated play starring Emmanuelle Riva and Eiji Okada regarding star-crossed lovers who by chance meet in the city of Hiroshima after World War II in the Pacific and have an ` intense relationship ' over a short period of time . An utterly frivolous story which no amount of cinematic talent could redeem or add any substance to whatsoever due to the rather minimal literary talent of the playwright.Duras ' story is a typical example of the deconstructionist art which began in the 20th century and gained momentum after WWII with artistic works by ` artists ' such as Duchamp , Warhol , Shoenberg , Phillip Glass , etc. . The problem with such art is that it 's nothing more than a reductio ad absurdium in art no different than an architect gloating over his masterpiece when the final structure is nothing more than the bare foundation of a building . As with the play , the screenplay is based on completely unsympathetic characters whose juxtapositions and chemistries are a mystery to everyone except the author of the work
 some french felluh made this film about a script written by some lady of french inclinations . it was made with people talking and followed them on set and in sichue . some people like it.some people do n't . see it and see for yourself . as bob dylan said
 depressing ... truely depressingWorthy of MGMs demise the wretched DVD of a great film , I have waited years for . -LRB- if this is the only way you can watch the film , by all means . If not , by the UK version until Criterion obtains rights for the unavoidable rerelease . . -RRB-
 I did n't like this movie at all , I found it way too complex and I just did not understand it . I can see why it 's considered to be a masterpiece , though , because the camera work and the acting are really impressive . Still , the script is so obscure that I do not feel like awarding five stars just to acknowledge that , after all , if I did n't appreciate the movie it was all my fault.So , no five stars , but why only two ? Because of the pathetic commentary . I am no film expert , and when I watch complex movies I enjoy listening to good commentaries . The Criterion Collection has so many of these , several indeed of Bergman 's movies
 persona was release 1.37:1 , and mgm are releasing it as 1.66:1 . if they 're redoing hour of the wolf and shame for those mistakes , why are ` nt they redoing persona ? anyone ? where could i find an answer for this one ? thanks .
 Persona was made with a standard aspect ratio of 1.33:1 , but the MGM DVD apparently has cropped the top and bottom of the film in order to create a fake widescreen image of 1.66:1 . See -LSB- ... -RSB- and -LSB- ... -RSB- for details and a comparison of the correct , full frames with the cropped versions on the MGM DVD .
 Can a studio present a movie any way they please after they 've bought the rights for it ? Apparently so . I saw Bergman 's masterpiece Persona at the movies a very long time ago . Over the decades I have remembered it as shocking and terrifying , yet appealing and beautiful . I got excited when I learned of its released on DVD . Now I 've watched MGM 's life-less and cropped presentation of it , and associate the movie with dullness and disappointment . Bergman is a master who MGM do not respect . Tartan 's release -LRB- region 0 !! -RRB- of the film is supposed to be much better , but with less extras -LRB- does n't matter to me , I just want the movie -RRB- . I 'm waiting for my copy to arrive : -RRB-
 I fell asleep four times trying to watch this enigmatic masterpiece . The only thing that could have wrapped this mess up would have been a car crash killing the two leads . Instead , at the end , what we get is this flash of a movie crew to further frustrate the totally disinterested and removed viewer . What was that all about ? I would have rewound the tape , but was tired and ready for this project to come to an end . How can so many people like this ?! What about a story for crying out loud ?! The most interesting scene is when Bibi Andersson freaks out and repeatedly slaps Liv Ullman in the face . It 's kind of over-the-top -- something you 'd see in a Saturday Night Live skit . And please , no comments about how I 'm missing the meaning , the poetry , the depth . First spark my interest , move me in some way , and then we 'll discuss depth . In a word , BORING .
 This has got to be one of the worse films I have purchsed and or viewed . The English sub-titles were so bad , and in most cases could n't be made out . If you dont know swedish , and you cant read this english sub-titles , whats left . Hmm a black and white film , that while playing , I got up and finished my laundy . What a waste .
 Incomprehensible tripe about a couple of troubled women at a mental health worker 's seaside summer cottage . One of the actresses -LRB- when interviewed for the supplements -RRB- is asked to describe the film -- and guess what ? She could n't . I guarantee you , not even the `` writer/director '' could explain what in hell he was trying to get across.Worse than that even , the commentary consists of some guy saying things like
 Bergman is a terrible director . All of his movies have horrible dialog and next to no story . He rarely has a resolution to what little story he does provide . Most of his films just force symbolism down your throat like so much tripe . I do n't understand how he became world famous . Persona is especially the case , the only good thing about this film is the cinimatography , which alone does not make a good movie .
 I hate to spoil the lovefest ... yes , I agree with previous reviews as to the greatness of the work , but people need beware the truly horrendous quality of the transfer . The image and sound quality are appalling ; it 's discouraging that such a cinematic masterpiece gets such slipshod treatment.My message to the company that released this
 Buy this to collect the TSC in full , as I did . I 'd still have bought it , if I 'd known it was the worst TSC concert I 've heard . It goes less than 40 mins too.I was looking forward to hearing songs from `` The Cost of Loving '' LP , but -LRB- like every tune on this concert -RRB- , `` Heavens Above '' , `` Walking the Night '' have most of the melody taken out of them . `` Heaven 's Above '' -LRB- my favourite tune on the original studio album -RRB- is played much faster , and without the great sound on `` Cost of Loving . `` There was n't one song on here I actually enjoyed , and visually the council 's outfits did n't have the same debonair look of `` Showbiz '' -LRB- a much better concert to be released on the upcoming 2008 `` Style Council on film '' DVD . -RRB-
 While this is a good movie , it is a horrible DVD transfer . It skips and jumps . Wait for a better transfer .
 I really want to get this movie , but am a bit confused as to which version I will get.I have the IMAGE copy bookmarked , but when I got to review details it shows the cover of the Alpha copy !! ALPHA is notorious for putting out the worst pieces of Chit on DVD.How is the Image version ?????
 Item is a DVD copy from another source ... sound trails image by a few seconds THROUGHOUT ... do NOT buy this DVD it is worthless
 I have no problems with the movie . But technically , the quality of this disc is beyond terrible . It looks like a YouTube video does when you play it on a 50-inch plasma . Only worse -- compression artifacts , tiling with squares the size of Post-it Notes , banding that looks like 16-bit grayscale . It made the whole thing unwatchable for me . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered and had to return two separate copies of this DVD because of wavy lines in the picture on both copies .
 I had to respond to all the reviews saying that this movie is masterfully done . This is a great movie only because it 's so incredibly terrible . It 's funny , it 's cliche , and it 's definitely not great film noir . I once watched this movie in a college film class as the teacher 's joke . I just wanted to straighten that out before I say that I still love this movie because of its obvious low budget bad production and funny antics that are supposed to be dramatic , like when the two lovers are walking through the street and the director pans up at the street lamp and then down again at the couple about 5 times for dramatic effect and it really just comes off as something that would happen in a spoof . If you 're out for a good laugh , this is a great movie to give it . If you really want to watch the pinnacle of great film noir , watch Out of the Past or my personal favorite , Touch of Evil .
 I thought I was getting a good price for a great film . However , the digital transfer was horrible - which is probably why I got a bargain price . I would not recommend this film copy , nor will I purchase anything else from this company . What I learned from this purchase is always read the low rated reviews . Also , shop to see if there is a remastered edition - which there is .
 Detour , 1945 filmThe film opens on a lonely two-lane blacktop highway . Its geography suggests southern California . A man walks along the highway until he gets a ride . The juke box plays a big record , the tune brings back memories . We see what happened before to Al the piano player . A long distance call is handled by dozens of operators . Al hitchhikes across country to Los Angeles . One man , Charles Haskell , picks him up and tells about his past life . Then something goes terribly wrong . Al switches clothes and takes Haskell 's identification , then drives to California . Al picks up a woman by a gas station , Vera is going to Los Angeles . Later there is a surprise from Vera ! She is trouble.Vera and Al register as Mr. & Mrs. Charles Haskell . `` I 'm always right . '' Their conversation tells about their characters . They do n't sell the car . They dine at a drive-in diner . Vera has big ideas . The monetary figures date this film . An argument results in more bad luck for Al. . He leaves , but an unforeseen event occurs to end this story.A better script could improve this low-budget story . The idea of impersonation of a stranger was used in other films and stories . If Vera was thrown out of Haskell 's automobile why would she return to it ?
 Touted as a defining example of Film Noir , it fails to deliver the goods . Sure , it has the lighting , the hard boiled dialogue , and the mood , but it ends up being more comedy than suspense.For starters , voice-over is overused throughout the film to explain or justify behavior that is just plain irrational . Take Haskel 's death and Robert 's entry into his `` Detour . '' Robert 's explains why he `` had '' to swap bodies , rob a dead man , and flee . Anybody with an ounce of sense and the thoughts explored in the voice over would have called the police -- and been released and on their way.Adding to the implausibility , Roberts ends up picking up Vera , the `` dame '' who had earlier ridden -- and fought -- with Haskel . This is interesting as a plot device and might have worked if it had been handled with a delicate touch . Had Vera played a little cat-and-mouse with this information it might have been pulled off . But she does n't . She drops the bomb in Robert 's lap with the subtlety of a chainsaw , and the improbability sinks a film already built on unstable ground.Finally , taking the improbability over-the-top is Vera 's `` accidental '' death , supporsedly at Robert 's hands . What did he kill her with -- a dirty look ? Too much voice over ? She runs into a bedroom of her own volition and then she 's dead ? What the ... ? Huh?There are plenty of better Noirs than this . Leave this one by the side of the road .
 I must say I am very surprised to see so many good reviews for this movie . I am a fan of old movies and I am a fan of the Noir style , but this movie comes off as almost parity and comical although it 's not supposed to be . It 's about a very introverted and weird man , Tom Neal , traveling across country to get to a woman who he has just gotten to agree to marry him after several attempts . He has no car or money so he hitch hikes . He is picked up by a very mysterious man , Charles Haskill , who is obviously hiding something and also takes pills for what appears to be a heart condition but we never find out for sure.The hitch hicker is now driving while the owner of the car sleeps . The hitcher tries to wake him up but ca n't so he pulls over , opens up the door and the man falls out , hits his head on a rock and is dead . Now of course the hitcher immediately tries to cover everything up and take the guy 's money which we find out he had a lot of . He feels real bad about it , of course , but thinks nobody will believe the truth . So this is basically the basis for the whole movie . Then he picks up a hitch hicker in the dead man 's car -LRB- brilliant idea -RRB- and she turns out to have known the dead man and figures out that this guy killed him . So then she blackmails him to try and get as much money as she can . There are some slight sparks on her end but not on his . The woman that plays this part is very over the top ! Making her appear comical and unbelievable . Anyways , the guy kills her by accidentally strangling her with the phone cord through a door . He feels real bad about that too . He never does make it to his fiancee and all the loose ends finally catch up to him . blah , blah , blah.Bottom line - I do n't think this movie was well acted , directed , written , or filmed , and it 's hard to take seriously .
 Were you laughing and confused at the same time as you watched this film ? I was as I attempted to watch the first `` official '' Hollywood film noir thriller , Detour . Filmed in 1945 , this film took some heavy risks that the normal Hollywood production at this time was not willing to take . Detour dabbled in heavy themes , dark context , and highly developed characters , yet seemingly lacked in production and acting . While watching Detour , it became obvious that these missing elements turned this film sour.The production of this film consisted of three scenes
 Five stars for the movie . I agree that this is a great work of film noir.I knew upfront that the print quality of this film would be less than perfect . So , in order to get the very best print , I purchased all three DVDs that were available - Alpha Video , Image Entertainment , and the A2zcds.com Remastered Edition.The A2zcds.com Remastered Edition of `` Detour '' is a piece of junk . Do n't waste your money . It has the picture quality of an amateur You Tube video . The various shades of black and gray are broken down into large digital cubes . The digital cubes are about a half inch in size and dance all over the screen when there is any movement - which is very distracting . Also , for more than half of the movie , from the point of the movie where Tom Neal picks up Ann Savage and they begin talking in the car - the voice audio track is not in sync with the lip movement . You hear what the person says before their lips even move.The Alpha Video release of `` Detour '' has problems with its grays . The grays are not crisp and have a very small hint of sepia color . Also the audio seems a little muffled.The Image Entertainment release of `` Detour '' while far from perfect is the better one of the three versions currently available .
 I am a great admirer of `` Detour '' which is probably the best low-budget film noir ever made . But this DVD is a piece of junk . It is transferred from a lousy , battered 35mm print that has badly spliced gaps and screwed-up film footage in crucial scenes , obliterating some of the best dialogue . The company that put this out should be ashamed of itself , especially considering this film is now considered a low-budget masterpiece . If you have no copy of this , get the Sinister Cinema VHS . It is a much higher quality print .
 I was n't all that impressed with this movie , finding it too self-consciously `` noir-ish '' for its own good . But you know something ? I 'm going to give it another chance sometime in the future , as I ca n't help but feel that the reprehensible shape of the print used to make this DVD contributed to my lack of enjoyment of the story . In fact , it 's like I have n't even SEEN the whole movie , as entire lines of dialogue were missing every few minutes , accompanied by horrible splices . Trust me , stay away form this particular DVD and wait for someone to release a print of it that 's at least watchable .
 Detour -LSB- 1945 -RSB- -LSB- Remastered Edition -RSB- One Great Film.One Big Rippoff . A2ZCDS is the kind of chit you find at places like dollar general for a buck or two . I got burned for way more than that when you factor in shipping . Would love to have this -LRB- REMASTERED -RRB- by a reputable remaster-er . Wal Mart has the Image version for about ten bucks , I hope that will fair better , anyone know if this would be just another of the same ? Amazon advertises the Image version but it says Image / Alpha ? I would not touch another Alpha Video product even if it was free . That is like watching a B&W ; movie with scatched up cheap sunglasses with earplugs . I took my copy of A2ZCDS to trade in and they would not even take it . I asked why and they said the disk was homeade and not the real deal . I hate all these basement / garage knockoffs and they have the nads to call it remastered ? Leason learned-Always read the reviews and the product info , and if you are not familiar with the name of the studio-Steer Clear!Detour -LSB- 1945 -RSB- -LSB- Remastered Edition -RSB-
 Me and my wife saw this movie when it was new -LRB- 89 -RRB- . We read the cover on the back and decided to save the best till last.We struggled through the first 30 minutes , but antipated that it would get better . Another 15 minutes ... Now we 're struggling.I can literally say that when someone asks , `` What is the worst movie you have ever seen ? '' . Hands down , `` Quarantine '' . However , I am thinking about purchasing it , only to have proof.One more thing . I wanted to give it no stars , until I found out that it is not possible . Therefore , I give a star to the cover .
 I thought this was a very poorly written movie ; it could have and should have been a lot better . The acting was also poor .
 Too much profanity , too much bad dialog , and a poor plot all combine for one lousy movie.Chuck norris is a cop who is double crossed by his partner . He ends up being sent undercover to bust the mob who is in life and death battle with Iranian hit men . Turns out the Iranians are working for his old partner who tried to kill him at the beggining of the movie.Every other word in this movie starts with an F and ends wtih K and the action/fight scenes are very poor.I 'd stay away from this movie at all costs.Rich
 Too bad Braddock did n't stay missing in action , otherwise we might have been spared this boring and slow movie . Assumed to be one of his better flicks -LRB- only because of the box -RRB- I 've seen more emotion on the `` Total Gym '' infomercial.Apparently his mullet is n't the only bad thing following this honorary Texas ranger around town . Taking time out his day killing people Norris teaches a bullied child how to stand up for himself . Too bad He did n't teach him how to withstand a brick of plastique explosive via Norris 's foes . Sure he slaps a bigot around but is n't that sort cancelled out by his `` you eat this sh ** ? '' remark about Middle Eastern food . * Note to self * Help elderly woman across street , then head to nearest Italian restaurant , pour tomato sauce over patron 's head and proceed to ask him if the same sauce flows through his veins?Keep that thumb flexed and ready 'cause you 'll be hitting FF more than once . Norris walking from point A to point B is boring , especially when it lasts 10 minutes.Going to watch ` Hitman ' ? Keep the phone line free 'cause after hitting the ` time remaining ' button for 11th time you 'll wish you had placed a hit on yourself
 This is typical Chuck Norris fare . One needs to suspend belief during the entire `` experience '' . Chuck is a police detective betrayed and left for dead by his partner . After the shooting , we next see Chuck some years later working as some nebulous enforcer for a local mob . Chuck kills people with equanimity , something for which the law has little tolerance regardless of how much the bad guys deserve it . Chuck shows no respect to his police superior , and gets away with it . Except for infiltration , there seems to be little purpose in his underground work.He lives in an apartment building and gives out his key to a kid down the hall . His sense of what is safe does n't seem to be much of a concern . Everyone knows where he lives , even the mob boss ' wife , played by Alberta Watson in a wasted role . However she and Chuck lust after each other and when her husband finds out , he decides to kill Chuck , otherwise the movie was going nowhere fast . Now everyone decides to kill everyone . There are 3 gangs involved , one of them Iranian and since this was in '91 when the Gulf War was going on , it 's easy to make them bad guys.Chuck 's acting is pretty bad , but not as bad as some of his early stuff . Michael Parks does a reasonable job as the former partner who resurfaces for the obligatory revenge climax . Al Waxman , as the mob boss , does the best he can with the part as written.I buy these action movies for exercising on a stationary rowing machine . I put the movie on , turn the sound off -LRB- a major improvement -RRB- and glaze my eyes over as I do my workout without being too bored by the repetitive motion of the exercising machine . I always hope there will be another reason to watch these `` action '' movies . With this movie , I ca n't imagine ever watching it with the sound on.Not a movie for most women .
 I ca n't understand how anyone can like this movie . I dunno , maybe I 've been spoiled by Toy Story and the like , but this movie was simply not good . The musical numbers reeked and the characters were annoying , especially the whiney blonde chick who looked like she was half asleep most of the time and that bimbo of a nutcracker with that idiot grin of his . There 's no way I 'd pay $ 1 for this movie , let alone $ 14 .
 I ordered this videobased upon the trailer on the Muppets From Space video . What a disappointment ! The animation is mediocre and the plot does n't make any sense . I do not recommend this video ; there are many children 's videos which are far more interesting , creative and funny . Spend your money on them .
 judging from all the fruit on the cover , i 'd have to give this movie a high rating ... FIVE STARS , YOU MORONS !
 I loved the humor , and the Rat , err , Mouse King 's antics , but what I could n't stand was the religous stuff . It 's not advertised on the front , and it 's not mentioned in any of the reviews i read on this , or even in the preview trailer . It kind of bugs me to have this great christmas classic tarnished everytime Peabo Bryson decides to sing us a song . In every scene that accompanied his songs , it seemed like Marie and the gang were in church . I actually had to watch it again to make sure i was n't imaging them . Now if I wanted VeggieTales , I 'd buy it . Other than that , it 's a goofy movie that keeps my kids plenty entertained .
 Younger children may enojy nuts talking and mice fighting the soldiers but all of this comes in way too long at 48min . I initially thought the Amazon Editorial Review by Doug Thomas was alittle harse but after watching this , it was kind . It may have had some chance at 22min -LRB- think of your favorite Christmas Special - most are for a 30min time slot - with the Rudolph classic set for 1hr -RRB- . I knew Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer and this is no Rudolph !
 The so-called computer animation is terrible at best and the story line makes absolutley no sense . It 's quite obvious that any positive review mention online here were from the film makers .
 This would n't be bad if it were done within the last ten years but it 's so hopelessly out of date now that you 're better off buying something more recent .
 I purchased this video in a bookstore on Cape Cod last summer and was disapointed . Though I admit no video or photograph can match the beauty of the Cape that I know , this video is both dated and technically rough around the edges . The content was a little superficial as well.Sorry , if this sounds superficial , but hopefully they 'll update it .
 I bought this years ago , and it was n't bad then . Would n't buy it now though . Of course there 's not much here about Cape Cod .
 The names have all been changed and so have some of the events , but it 's pretty obvious that `` The Greek Tycoon '' is all about the relationship between Aristotle Onassis and Jacqueline Kennedy . But despite brilliant lead actors and luxuriant scenery , the movie feels like it was ripped from a tedious `` what if ? '' novel.Theo Tomasis -LRB- Anthony Quinn -RRB- is a Greek shipping magnate with some shady business dealings , a fleet of tankers , a wife , a famous actress as his mistress -LRB- Luciana Paluzzi -RRB- and a business-savvy son . Then he meets Liz Cassidy -LRB- Jacqueline Bisset -RRB- , the wife of a prominent US Senator who is soon elected president , and is immediately struck by her.Then the president is killed . Since she 's a widow and he 's divorced , Theo proposes marriage to Liz because `` you make me feel alive '' -- and despite her worries about remarrying , she accepts . But their marriage is a stormy one from the very first night , and from then on Theo 's life falls into one disaster after another.Visually , `` The Greek Tycoon '' is a truly beautiful movie -- lush Grecian villas , luxurious yachts , and rocky coasts rings by the Mediterranean . Unfortunately , it has to coast on looks most of the time , because the story is basically a mishmash of watered-down biographical facts and `` What if ? '' scenarios -LRB- Liz throwing a crotch-kicking tantrum -RRB- . It 's not really terrible , but it 's very vanilla.And as the changed names imply , the director and screenwriters play it very , very safe -- little of the true strife of the Jackie/Aristotle marriage is explored , and personal tragedies are brushed aside as if they did n't matter much -LRB- the president 's death -RRB- . Even the epic affair that Tomasis/Onassis had with Paola Scotti/Maria Callas is reduced to a couple of vaguely racy scenes , then never mentioned again.There 's no passion , feeling or vibrancy to the story . The only exception is a few brief scenes at the end when we see Aristotle ... er , Theo left alone on his island , like an aged Odysseus , dancing silently in front of his own personal sunset.Quinn and Bisset are both excellent actors -- she brings genuine refinement to Liz , and he brings deep passion and joie de vivre . Unfortunately , they seem stiff at times -- t 's like a pair of master potters have been handed a giant lump of Play-Doh , and are n't entirely sure what they 're supposed to do with it . `` The Greek Tycoon '' is gorgeous and has a couple of deeply talented actors as the leads , but it 's all skin-deep as a story . It 's all bone , no meat .
 This was not a very good movie , nor well acted . Anthony Quinn always play good movies but this one was just o.k.
 we are in the year 2010 , full in to the digital age of everything , i have been looking for this movie for years and they go throught the trouble to release this in FULL SCREEN , whats wrong with this picture?what a waste.this is a great movie .
 The movie is gorgeous!But Universal thinks we 'll want to watch it so badThat we 'll shell out the money for this copyThen wait breathlessly for the widescreen version . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ WRONG!We do not buy a product twice anymore.The economy is bad so we 've become wise shoppers.No Widescreen no purchase and who cares.There are way too many movies of beauty available.We lose not seeing what we 'd like to.Universal loses sales . `` Knock , knock Universal ; we 'd like widescreen please . '' ~ Cornelius
 Younger children may enojy nuts talking and mice fighting the soldiers but all of this comes in way too long at 48min . I initially thought the Amazon Editorial Review by Doug Thomas was alittle harse but after watching this , it was kind . It may have had some chance at 22min -LRB- think of your favorite Christmas Special - most are for a 30min time slot - with the Rudolph classic set for 1hr -RRB- . I knew Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer and this is no Rudolph !
 The so-called computer animation is terrible at best and the story line makes absolutley no sense . It 's quite obvious that any positive review mention online here were from the film makers .
 I ca n't understand how anyone can like this movie . I dunno , maybe I 've been spoiled by Toy Story and the like , but this movie was simply not good . The musical numbers reeked and the characters were annoying , especially the whiney blonde chick who looked like she was half asleep most of the time and that bimbo of a nutcracker with that idiot grin of his . There 's no way I 'd pay $ 1 for this movie , let alone $ 14 .
 I ordered this videobased upon the trailer on the Muppets From Space video . What a disappointment ! The animation is mediocre and the plot does n't make any sense . I do not recommend this video ; there are many children 's videos which are far more interesting , creative and funny . Spend your money on them .
 judging from all the fruit on the cover , i 'd have to give this movie a high rating ... FIVE STARS , YOU MORONS !
 I loved the humor , and the Rat , err , Mouse King 's antics , but what I could n't stand was the religous stuff . It 's not advertised on the front , and it 's not mentioned in any of the reviews i read on this , or even in the preview trailer . It kind of bugs me to have this great christmas classic tarnished everytime Peabo Bryson decides to sing us a song . In every scene that accompanied his songs , it seemed like Marie and the gang were in church . I actually had to watch it again to make sure i was n't imaging them . Now if I wanted VeggieTales , I 'd buy it . Other than that , it 's a goofy movie that keeps my kids plenty entertained .
 The sound quality was AWFUL ... if there was any way to return to get a better sound I would , but the content was awesome . It sounds like a bad tape-recording dubbed a million times to the point the voices are low and fuzzy . Oh-well . If you love Therese , like we do , you can bear with it and `` offer it up . ''
 Viewed
 Uncle fester reappaers after 25 years in the Bermuda Triangle . Gomez and Morticia plan to wake the dead . Based on the cartoon and TV series .
 While the scenes and acting were good and were mostly faithful to the original TV show , the movie plodded along and at a couple points had us asking whether it was over yet .
 These DVDs are absolutely rip offs . M-1 had some great fights , however you only see the action that was on broadcast TV . Each of these only come with 5 fights and many cut out rounds 1 and 2 . The DVD 's only hold about 50 minutes of action . I am a big time MMA Fan and these DVDs are just not worth it . HDNET should have bundled the fights together and made compilation DVDs
 These episodes have not been released in the U.S. yet , and probably wo n't be for years . These are fansubbed bootlegs , low quality , and unauthorized . Buying this supports only the pirates who put it out , and wo n't do a thing to reward the artists who originally created the work . Do n't buy it .
 You would think that a DVD with an alluring girl on the cover and had the word `` SEX '' in the title would well , have SEX in the actual movie . But , you 'd be completely wrong if you bought Phone Sex Fantasies because there is NO sex , real or simulated in the entire DVD ! Basically , the girls talk dirty -LRB- sorta -RRB- and then take off their clothes . That 's it .
 SEDUCED is a mediocre made-for-TVer in which not a single character is worthy of sympathy.Here , a rich businessman is killed during an apparent botched home invasion . Young D.A. Mike Riordan -LRB- Harrison -RRB- does n't know not to mess around with former gal pal Vicki -LRB- Shepherd -RRB- , who 's now the geezer 's third wife and widow . The beneficiaries , including buxom stepdaughter -LRB- Barbeau -RRB- , greedily grapple for loot as they accuse Vicki and Mike of murder.The plot is predictable , but not in a Hitchcockian `` let the audience in on it '' kind of way . Long before we reach this tedious story 's denouement the killer 's identity is a given , and when the baddie holds a pistol to our unlikeable hero 's gut , one hopes that the trigger gets pulled.It 's THAT bad . Save your time and money!TheDVDof `` Seduced '' is a discontinued item , available in limited numbers.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website . -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- Seduced -LRB- TV-1985 -RRB- - Gregory Harrison/Cybill Shepherd/Jos &eacute; Ferrer/Michael C. Gwynne/Ray Wise/Adrienne Barbeau/Mel Ferrer/Barbara Pilavin/William Bryan Curran
 An OK movie , was she looking for a husband or just a party girl ? I expected more from Sean Young .
 I brought this DVD from Amazon and could never watch it because it says it 's incompatable with my DVD player ... DVD was made in Mexico .
 The packaging was terrific . The movie appeared in good shape , new looking . When I put the movie into the DVD player , an error appeared in my top left corner of my television screen . The movie does NOT work at all . This truely saddens me due to the fact that I have wanted to watch this movie since I watched it when it first came out !!!
 Five minutes into The Butcher 's Wife , my thought was , `` The has got to be a vanity project . '' It feels like Demi Moore 's version of Eddie Murphy 's Vampire In Brooklyn , a movie were a megastar is attached , everyone lets them do their own thing , and no one wants to tell them , look , this is n't working . The cast does try hard , but the inept script gives them nothing to work with . The DVD quality is mediocre at best . From the opening seconds of the film , the screen is crawling with grain , not made any better by the low video bitrate . Audio is passable , and the only extra is a laughably bad trailer . Fans of Demi Moore -- if there are any left after The Scarlet Letter or G.I. Jane -- may want to add this to their collection , but the other 6,185,348,023 of you in the world will want to give it a pass .
 If you like seeing a band at less than optimum capacity , with warts and all then this one should be in your collection . Townsend and Daltrey really seem to be bickering back and forth about something . This Who DVD does n't seem to have the `` fire '' of their other work .
 I 'm not sure what went wrong with the production of this DVD , but whoever signed off on it as a `` professional , commercial product '' most certainly should be shot . Repeatedly . In the head.This DVD is unwatchable crap that looks like it was recorded using a cellphone camera . For example , anytime the camera points to the lights on stage , the video blows out , meaning that the band mates disappear into a blur of bright yellow . Of course , comparing this DVD 's video quality to that of a cellphone 's , is an insult to cellphones.It was mentioned in a previous review that this concert was for charity , so if you 're feeling charitable and want to waste your money , go ahead and buy the DVD and use it for target practice -LRB- a la `` Success Story '' -RRB- but if you 're looking for a good Who concert DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!!
 As much as I like the Who and as much as I believe that they have really come back from the dead recently , this is a really crap DVD of a really good band . It comes across as a quick cash-in with low quality-control . If you are a Who completist why not . Otherwise the Albert Hall DVD is better as is the Isle of Wright or the Kids Are Alright . Avoid this one .
 why was this dvd of the who ever produced , it is terrible , i know the who did this session for charity but oh , why put the concert onto dvd its awfull , wait until the who produce a dvd of one of the concerts where they have had time to practise at least . . dont buy if your a fan & if not dont be put off by this dvd
 This is a somewhat lackluster performance from one of my favorite groups . Sometimes bands have an `` off '' night , and this seemed to be one of them . Unfortunately , it was captured forever on video.The Who seem to struggle through the set , at times looking tired and panicked . John fights to hit the high notes in `` My Wife '' -LRB- after Pete seems to introduce the wrong song -RRB- and does n't lend any backing vocals on `` My Generation '' , Zak Starkey plays on after everyone else correctly hits the ending of `` Baba O'Riley '' , Roger forgets the first verse of `` 5:15 '' . These little stumbles would normally be forgivable if the performance had the incredible energy of `` Concert for NY '' or `` Royal Albert Hall '' . Unfortunately , it does n't . Technically , this disc is far inferior to Albert Hall . Sound quality is average , and the video was not shot in HD . Much of the time the image is blown out by the lighting . The camera angles are limited , and the only motion comes from one jib arm.Bonus features are not even listed on the box . These include a brief interview with Roger , and an almost inaudible interview with John Entwistle . Between his accent and the background noise , I could barely understand any of it . There are also incredibly painful interviews with the audience -LRB- who cares ? -RRB- including an awkward moment where the host asks a woman to get on the floor and simulate the birthing of her child . The host of `` Double Dare ! '' also pops up in a pointless remote from backstage . We never get to see The Who approaching the stage , though.The box mentions that this show was part of a huge hoax on the part of the company `` Pixelon '' . Apparently they conned everyone into thinking they were beaming the show out to the entire world via the internet . It would have been interesting to include a bonus feature explaining exactly what happened , but alas , they did n't bother.This disc is really for Who completists only .
 This was n't for me . I really liked his Yoga at Home series and I could n't even get through the first 20 minutes of this video . I like the om chants but the breathing and eye rolling was not for me . After 20 minutes we were still doing meditative postures . I 'm a 40 yr old woman from the mid-west who works an average of 50 hours a week . I have always appreciated the spiritual and meditative pieces of yoga but this was too much . I do yoga to stretch after hours of standing on my feet . If I wanted to sit and meditate for 20 minutes and do intense chest breathing I would have bought a dvd on meditation . I would only recommend this for someone who is really interested in delving into traditional yoga and has a lot of time to spend doing it everyday .
 The movie itself gets at least four stars , but minus two for the studio for being so purblind as to issue it with a third of the picture lopped off . Gee , folks , ca n't you at least give us a choice to watch the entire movie ?
 One reviewer called it the best Sherlock Holmes movie ever made . Well , to me , it 's the worst ever made . Only the cinematography and the settings are worth a nod . The foreign accents are amateurishly inept and Holmes , never mind the stature of Nicol Williams , is quite miscast . Storyline and much of the dialogue are idiotic and aimed at a very low viewer intelligence
 As a big fan of Rimsky Korsakov 's operas -LRB- I have at least one audio recording of all of his operas and am collecting the DVDs as they slowly come along -RRB- , I was looking forward to this production of May Night . I was disappointed . The recorded sound is poor -LRB- distant -RRB- and the production itself - sets and costumes - is quite odd.For me , decoding the action required a libretto with stage directions and fortunately a complete libretto came with the 1994 Saison Russe recording.We have been fortunate to have some of Rimsky 's operas show up in good to excellent DVD productions
 I was familiar with this charming , tuneful folk-style opera , rarely produced outside of Russia , thanks to my old LP set on DG , & looked forward to finally `` seeing '' it . But most of what I saw on this DVD was bewildering
 This opera has pretty good singing and that 's pretty much all . The sets and cosumes are just Eurotrash and the opera itself has little plot and even less interest . The music is Rimsky Korsakov at his most mechanical and even the orchestration disappoints -- which is unusual for this composer . Unless you enjoy watching a group of stupid drunks stumble around and hit one another , it is simply not worth watching .
 Gunnar Peterson Core Secrets
 This review is about the VHS edition of The Dain Curse with `` Original Unedited Miniseries '' on the case and in the title listed on Amazon . If you really want the complete miniseries , you need to keep looking -- carefully . The running time for this edition is listed on Amazon -LRB- as I write -RRB- as 360 minutes . That 's six hours . A reviewer states that this miniseries runs 4 hours and forty minutes . On the back of the video cassette case , the running time is given as approximately 192 minutes . However , the actual running time of the tape I received -LRB- in a case without shrink wrap but with a proper-looking label on the cassette -RRB- was a little over two hours . Even at the length stated on the case , this edition can not be the complete miniseries if the figure of 4h 40m is correct . And there 's no telling where the Amazon figure of six hours comes from . My low rating for this item is due to the unsatisfactory length , not the entertainment value of the movie .
 The original series runs about 4 and a half hours -LRB- I taped it a couple years ago when a local station ran it -RRB- . This tape is only about 2 hours long . With less than half the footage , this complex mystery will make absolutely no sense to you .
 I have today Wednesday 7th . March 2012 received the dvd Seventh Cavalry Starring Randolph Scott from Amazon.com , it is distributed by Desert Island Films , I can not say a good thing about it , the picture is very poor , the sound is poor and I am returning it at once .
 This is a terrible blurry digital transfer of this forgotten Western classic film . The sound is poor as well and Desert Island Films should withdraw it from the market at once and return any suckered customer 's money for this mess . Shame on this film distribution company !
 Very poor copy . I taped this same movie a few years ago and would have been better off making my own copy .
 Nicky Cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment , as he turns in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movie
 I watched these today and was amazed at the unmitigated ego displayed by the -LSB- ... -RSB- ex-dylan drummer Mickey Jones . It is n't that the pictures I saw were poor quality and out of focus , it was really all about Mickey Jones and a kind of boring travelogue that we watch when friends take a vacation - but this - just to use Dylan 's name and The Band 's name and see shadows of them as they fade in or out and what do we learn that most die hard Dylan fans do n't know - nothing ! -LSB- ... -RSB- there are wonderful , interesting CDs and DVDs and books that are intellectually and emotionally stimulating and while they may not answer questions , they certainly provoke and disarm and display all the charm and hauteur and humor that Dylan possesses and projects . Just do n't bother , please . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This was the WORST tape I 've ever gotten ! The Tae Bo Live Series and original Advanced tape are far better workouts and more comprehensive than this . I agree that the double-time is way too fast and you simply do n't get a workout from this.Tracy is terrible . She is annoying , her moves are basic and boring -LRB- think beginner 's jazz class with box steps and grapevines -RRB- . I do not recommend this to anyone looking for a good workout.Stick with TAE BO !!
 I bought this video to mix up my resistance and cardio routine . I did the workouts for a few weeks and base my conclusions after giving the workouts a good try.Billy 's workout seems like it would do well for the absolute beginner or if you are really out of shape and need to get a start . Otherwise in 20 minutes I barely broke a sweat . You can not really increase the weights because he does slow reps then fast , and when doing fast reps you could injure yourself with heavier weights . Billy does n't really lead you all the way . He talks and leaves you to try to watch others to follow the exercises.As for Tracy her workout is hard to follow -LRB- 45 minutes -RRB- . I found myself moving around on my own just trying to work my heart . This portion would be good if she had an instructional section to teach you the steps and moves . This workout also requires plenty of floor space . If you have no room to work , forget this video.I respect both of these people as fitness instructors . They did not give their best on these workouts .
 There is no fat blasting going on in the video whatsoever . This is the worst workout tape I have ever done . `` Master Blaster '' - which I thought would be a challenging strength and aerobic combo is acutally 30 minutes of upper body with weights . It was so easy I barely broke a sweat . The only lower body excercise was a couple of squats . There were fake breasts all over the tape , and when it was over I felt like I had wasted 30 min of my life . I had to do 2 more tapes after this one just to feel like I got a workout at all . very disappointing Billy ! p.s. fat blaster plus was 30 min of floor aerobics . ok , some fun moves , but nothing special .
 For me , the reason why this video gets two stars at all is due to the aerobic section led by Tracy York . I have only tried it once so far , but after reading everyone else 's reviews of her after doing the tape once , I figured I was just as qualified . Tracy York is a wonderful aerobic instructor . I love her in the ESPN Fitness Pros series and was looking forward to this workout . It is true that she goes through the movements too quickly and that the first time you do the workout , you are not likely to get one -LRB- a workout -RRB- . BUT ... towards the end of the tape I was getting it and I could see that once I DID master the moves , that it could be rather intense -LRB- it 's all what you put into it -RRB- . Her moves are fresh , not recycled from a hundred other fitness videos , which in turn make them complicated and fun.Billy Blanks on the other hand ... . I was really disappointed in Crunch . Some of the exercises he does are new , but then he sacrifices form for speed . Also , he has little input on what size weight you should use for each new exercise . The beginning of the class is a mess . He tells the class what to do , but does n't seem to think that he should join in , with the resultant being that the timing is off for the first exercise . Then ... everyone looks fake . For me , an exercise video should inspire ... . as in
 Absolutely the worst video around ! Where to begin ... the tape is slow moving , boring and completely uninspiring . The background hooping and hollering is annoying , not to mention distracting . Billy Blanks offers suggestions on how your form should and should not look at exactly the same time when the camera is panning on one of the background exercisers . Plus , he likes to flex his muscles and say `` do n't you want to look like this '' ? Blanks focuses only on the upper body . He only does one lower body exercise . The stretches are uninspiring . He gives little or no direction and periodically he likes to ask - how do you feel ? The few times I have used the tape - I respond
 I agree with all the other reviews . The aerobics are even hardto follow for me a long time aerobicsiser . I do however like using theweight segment for a quick diverse workout .
 Billy Blanks has nothing constructive or intelligent to say during the entire course of this workout , and the cameraman is obviously enamoured with the girls that Billy surrounded himself with to perform and look pretty . He gives no clear instruction on how to do anything except suck in your stomach and breathe . He also does n't do equal amounts of repetition on each side , so you 're left feeling like you 've had an incomplete workout . The editing is HORRIBLE.The aerobics version is okay , but if you count the number of times Tracy says the word `` mambo , '' you will want to die . Better to turn the volume off on this one -- best not to buy at all .
 This tape is 2 workouts by 2 different people . First is Billy , who mostly does upper body work with handweights . He keeps mentioning to keep the stomach muscles tight throughout the workout , which I liked . His workout was easy to follow and do on a rug . The 2nd workout with Tracy is awful . I gave up trying to follow it . Forget about doing this on a rug because she includes slides & crossovers so you have to pivot your feet . The camera focuses on her upper torso so you miss the change in movements . I 'll definitely buy another Billy tape , but will avoid anything with Tracy .
 After doing TAEBO basics for about 2 months , I was really looking forward to this tape , wow , what a let-down . Billy Blanks did do a good job with the toning section of the video , my muscles felt like they really got a good workout . The aerobics portion was really bad . Tracy Yorks went too quickly , with little explanation of what was going on , and the camera angles were terrible . The video was more like learning difficult dance steps than working out .
 This tape was a real disappointment to me . As a huge Billy Blanks fan I was expecting more . The filming was very poor and the tape was slow moving and boring . I only made it through it twice . The workout was okay but nothing spectacular . The aerobic segment was impossible for me to follow .
 DESPITE READING THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS , I BOUGHT IT ANYWAY . THE WEIGHT PART WAS OK , BUT I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE AEROBICS PART OF THE TAPE . DANCE STEPS TOO HARD TO FOLLOW , CAMERA ANGLES BAD . BORING ... TO MUCH YELLING IN BACKGROUND .
 This tape was a complete waste of money . The only reason I gave it 1 star was because I could n't give it less . The toning section chose to work selective random muscle groups which you could n't even follow , and the aerobics was -LRB- a -RRB- low impact for experienced exercisers , despite what they say ; and -LRB- b -RRB- you could n't even follow her ridiculous 1980 's dance steps .
 Thank goodness I just rented this from the library and did n't waste any money on it.The warm up was inadequate . Billy Blanks did n't actually do any of the exercises . He just stood around looking at the ladies surrounding him.It was impossible to be in good form , especially important while lifting weights , and follow the tape . He does n't say what is coming up next . You have to turn to see . By the time you figure it out , they are on to the next exercise.I made it through 10 minutes before I hit stop and rewound the tape . I just could n't take it any more.Avoid this one !
 I thought this video was a DEFINITE waste of money ! The first party with Billy Blanks is a good arm workout but the second party with Tracy Yorks was absolutely TERRIBLE ! Not only is she impossible to follow but the workout was NOT fun and if you expect it to be anything like Tae Bo like I myself expected you are dead wrong !! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Very disappointing . Sickening actually , with the class doing one thing and Billy saying something else , every 6 seconds someone hoots or hollars , FOR GOD SAKE WOULD YOU JUST SHOW US THE MOVES AND SHUT UP ABOUT IT . Billy does n't deliver much that 's useful in this one . Steer clear !
 I bought this tape because I figured that since Billy Blanks is like the Barbra Streisand of workout videos that this tape would deliver . I WAS SO WRONG ! First half the time I could n't understand his workout instructions , then when I could understand what he was saying the people in the video were doing something else.This is a dreadful workout tape , and I would not reccomend it to anyone for toning . It 's too fast to get a proper contraction , and not only that you wait for it to be over.DON ' T BUY IT ! YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED !!
 A better title for this expensive unwatchable video should be Bad Religion : ... The packaging promotes itself by saying on the websites and back of the box `` see the first beer bottle thrown to the last '' I did n't see even one beer bottle being thrown . There was a riot alright , but we do n't get to see it . If you like footage of a cameraman zooming in on broken glass and fire trucks then this is the perfect video for you , but I felt ripped by the misleading information the LA Access video had written for it , and the back of the video box ... in fact I emailed the company and asked them if maybe I got a edited censored version and they basically told me `` yeah you can see the rioting . . if you stare really hard at the screen when the show is being shut down you can actually see someone get hit with a beer bottle `` So I watched the video again and I saw the mentioned scene . . but you would n't have noticed it unless someone had pointed it out to you.The '88 Suffer footage is of poor quality , but it 's also a very historic piece of punk history so that makes this video the only thing worth watching it for
 Ok the first half of the video is from a rarely seen live concert from the '88 Suffer tour . The sound quality is poor , but it 's still cool . . HOWEVER . . the supposed infamous riot footage on the second half is nothing more but 30 minutes of filming broken glass and firetrucks . . we do n't see the actual rioting at all ... NONE ... the movie package misleads by saying '' SEE THE RIOT IN IT 'S ENTIRITY FROM FIRST BEER BOTTLE THROWN TO THE LAST , THE THROWING ROCKS , ect '' ... none of this is seen.we see the footage where the promotor shuts the show down because the fire marshall thought it was too overcrowded ... but no actual rioting . . just 30 minutes of boring footage of broken glass ... what a waste of -LSB- money -RSB- ... do n't buy it ... do n't waste your money ... I only gave it 2 stars for the concert in the first half . .
 This DVD has VERY terrible sound and VERY low budget video footage . The only good thing is it has alot of songs , and the riot is somewhat interesting . Bad Religion is a good band , but this DVD is awful !! : -LRB- You will feel ripped off if you buy this !! Borrow it first , if you can , before buying it !!! I guess this DVD could always be used as an expensive cup coaster .
 First , I do not want anyone to think I do n't like Bad Religion after this review , I like them alot . Im not rating the band , only this DVD . I picked up this DVD the other day because I have heard a handful of this bands songs , seen a couple videos and I liked them alot . I picked up this DVD , which is live footage of a concert plus live footage of a riot that follows the concert afterwards . Anyway , Im thinking of something good to say but I am having troubles
 Picture yourself standing behind a pole watching a concert . You would have been better off that the view you get from this video . I ca n't believe the Bad Religion boys would put out junk like this . The audio and video quality is terrible , absolutely terrible.There are plenty of songs to see them perform live , but your only perspective is off the stage to the left with a tiny camera held in someones hand . Do n't waste your money on this .
 i saw this video on the shelf at a sam goody and got all excited . hey ... its bad religion how can you not . and was all depressed when i left cuz i had no money for the video.about a month later i went into a diffrent video store and bougth the video . on the way home i was reading the cover getting all excited . trembling in anticipation . expecting to see bad religion in top form and a riot like in the movies . blood , violence , burning buildings destroyed cars.and as i put in the tape and watch it i said to myself `` the concerts alright ... they could have had a better camera angle tho '' and as i saw that the riot footage was coming on i got really exctied and by the end the footage i was pissed . i spend 20 bucks and all i got was some broken glass , concert goers rambling on about nothing . the bad religion stuff is ok . so let me sum this video up for you . unless you like bad religion old stuff alot or you are a hardcore bad relgion fan . you wouldnt like it . personally i like the proformance . bad religion did a good job . but the riot sucked
 The `` hero '' of this crime movie is a foul-mouthed , beat-up , cigarette-always-hanging-out-of-the-mouth , booze-guzzling , bug-eating , cop-turned-low-life-P.I. , played by Peter Weller . The character is supposedly redeemed by his basic honesty , feelings toward his wife , and rapport with the down-and-out . Weller 's character is estranged from his wife , played by Alexandra Paul in a couple of brief and shallow scenes . This is in part because as a cop he unwittingly set up a sting on her father concerning a savings-and-loan fraud , which appears to have led the man to hang himself . The wife owns a seedy-neighborhood Southern California bar and grill , which has some employees from south of the border.The movie begins with a confusing and violent scene in Mexico , in which one man is shot in the head and the face of another -LRB- an employee of the bar and grill , I think -RRB- is crushed by hand by a tall , burly blonde henchman . When the thugs come looking for a letter that the employee might have sent back to the grill , Weller 's wife meets the same fate.At the bottom of it all is what turns out to be some weird organ harvesting scheme using illegal Mexican immigrants . Just about everyone in the movie seems to have been involved somehow in this ill-defined , gruesome plot . This includes
 Sunset Grill Nude scenes from three different women
 I was a disappointed with the uncessary filth that hollywood sticks in movies that might otherwise be a decent movie ; the story line was a good one , acting was superb , but ...
 Time to review the 1992 crime drama `` Sunset Grill '' starring Peter Weller and Lori Sanger . The letterbox states , `` For years private eye Ryder Hart lived on the edge . Tonight he 'll cross the line . `` Well ... Ryder -LRB- Weller -RRB- crosses the line and in the process we 're all witnesses to one of the most boring crime flicks on Planet Earth.Peter Weller walks around for 90 minutes beat-up , bruised and bleeding like a mutt that 's just been run over by a semi.Lori Sanger looks like a wax mannequin at Tussaud 's House of Horrors and her acting could be recreated in any viable sound software program.Grill this one at sunset . I mean -LRB- to get to the point -RRB- ... take the DVD and throw it into your barbecue grill as a flame starter.Peter , whom I admired prior to this embarrassment , is no longer a `` Weller '' in my book ... he 's now a `` Worser '' .
 Despite the Amazon website describing this BD as region free , it is in fact region 1 , and will only play in North America . Purchasers outside North America beware . Do n't get caught out as I did .
 I am from Europe and I have buy this blu-ray disc because in product details write Region
 Unfortunately , Reinert completely fails as a storyteller and this film was an epic disappointment . I wanted to like it . I love everything about the space program.However , this film with all of it 's incredible potential is a big yawn . Even though his intent was to combine all the missions to tell one story , it is very disjointed.There is just no flow to this film . I 'm a filmmaker and hate to be critical of films but I am just so disappointed.There have been two films made in the last 35 years that do justice to the Apollo missions . In fact they are films that will give you goose bumps and put a lumpin your throat . The fist and by far the best is called `` The Greatest Adventure '' produced by NFL Films believe it or not . They did for the Apollo missions what theydo for football but even better and Orson Welles did the narration . This film was produced in 1979 and is hard to find but is one of the few films that includesNeil Armstrong being interviewed . It is a MUST SEE !!!!! The next film would be Ron Howard 's `` In the Shadow of the Moon '' . This too is an excellent documentarybut not quite as good as `` The Greatest Adventure '' which is probably the best film ever produced on the Apollo missions .
 This disc will not play in an Australian blu ray player . It would have been nice if there was a warning on the US site.Darn
 I absolutely concur with the gentleman who reviewed this DVD on Feb. 28 . The footage is outstanding , and I have not seen a majority of it in any other documentary . However , I expected to see some unbelievable documentary about the Apollo program . Instead , the DVD shows what it looks like to go to the moon . This is done by taking various films of different missions and splicing them together though out of context/sequence . Again , this is beautifully done , but it does not tell you anything . This DVD is to be enjoyed if you have a good knowledge of the space program and want to watch some unseen or rare footage . But if you want to learn about the actual space and/or Apollo program , look for documentaries elsewhere . You wo n't find anything knew in this documentary other then the beautiful visual images .
 What is the major malfunction of this filmaker ? He or she is mixing video of Gemini spacewalks , then cuts it with Apollo 13 references , then splices it together with the first moon-landing , and then splices in some later moon-buggy clips.Why ? I can not even comprehend your point for doing this . Whatever your point is has been lost . WTF is WRONG with you ?
 ... read the reviews with interest - but frankly I was gutted to discover that Criterion have ` mutilated ' this superb doc by messing with the original score/arrangements . ` Deep blue Day ' by Brian Eno and intermittant musical inserts lasting only a view seconds -LRB- which previously transported the viewer away from the immediate scene with the Astronauts -RRB- have all been removed - the magic has been squeezed out of this classic piece of video/doc architecture by a company who have done the equivalent of a painting a moustache on a classic oil with a black felt tip pin!Please cure my depression with some info on how I can get my hands on the original classic version on DVD or VHS ? -LRB- unmutilated -RRB- ! Bill Andrews
 A lot of cable stations play substandard flicks like this when they do n't show the good stuff . This movie has the predictable chase scene , the predictible kidnapping , and the predictible boudoir action . If you loved seeing Michael Rooker and his basement in `` Mallrats , '' you 'll like seeing him and his basement here . This time , he has cranial hair and it looks great on him . Do n't get me wrong
 In his last film , Robert Bresson attempts a psychological study of man in the lowest and most depressed part of his life as the cards fate hands him go terribly wrong . A spiral of events start from a petty crime done by two teenagers whose forged money , exchanged in a store , lands an unsuspecting youth in dire straits.Bresson paints a black and white universe where a single person is continually being tricked , harmed , and manipulated by a large mass of people whom see money as the sole source of motivation . This young man , named Yvon , is unable to rise from this elementary act of manipulation , and due to loss of his job , falls into crime , and eventually jail . Loss of members of his family and time in solitary confinement make this bumpy ride all the more psychologically abusing which contributes to the young man 's eventual downfall.Bresson paints this film in a world of coldness , bitterness , apathy which does suit the character 's infatuation with money quite well ; the problem lies in the desire of the film for the audience to feel sorry for the main character . I must respond , for what , and even if there was a sufficient answer to such a question , why ? The true arbitrators of the immoral acts that land the main character in prison do n't crack a smile , shed a tear , or show any remote sign of emotion through the entire film ; however , that could be excusable , being blamed on their sheer interest in money and unconcerned about the method of its gain . However , the sole character , himself , seems to lack the faculties of emotion , with no true recognizable emotion toward his wife-besides placing his hands on her shoulder or back . During her sole visit with her husband in prison , his wife remindshim that they should not resolve to fighting in such a condition as they never have quarreled before . This is not such a difficult concept considering that these people do n't exist-not because they are in a film-but mainly due to the fact that most people expend energy and emotion rather than function as pre-programmed citizens in a world taken over by money and deceit . However , this is still excusable if the film did not demand us to feel sorry for these characters who could not express `` sorry '' if you asked them.Another issue with the problem is the unfocused narrative of the film . There are scenes , such as the introduction of the protagonist , that seem fuzzy and unclear , and for some individuals a second watch may be required so that certain ambiguities become clear . A narration would not be necessary , but due to the apathy of the characters , it would help the film progress more smoothly and seem , at certain points , less tedious.There is no doubt that Bresson intended this chilling atmosphere to resonate through the entire film , but unfortunately this style of his overpowers the film and the philosophy he intends us to infer from it . By the end of the film , we have not seen a film that displayed to us the root of all evil , or a critique of French society , but we have witnessed a film that is depressing ; so depressing and banal that any message that lays within it seems void , empty , and uninteresting .
 I must admit I was quite disappointed with this video . The video is advertised as a collection of period car commercials and promotional films . It is that indeed.My problem with the video is that the commercials and short promos are all of mundane subject matter . There are no classic commercials or promos of the performance models , the rare trim levels , the more desirable luxury models . As an example , one promo was about the -LRB- relative -RRB- fuel economy of the Chevrolet Impala compared to it 's Ford and Chrysler competitors in which each car had a glass container mounted on the hood showing how much fuel was left as each car drove along a test track . This is not exactly what I would call an interesting classic car commercial.The segment on the Corvair was okay , so I gave this two-stars . Overall , to me , this was n't worth the money unless one is interested in how many shopping bags can be put into the trunk of a Dodge Polara compared to others in its class .
 It was a waste of money my son . Loves cars and the video sucked . It should.of been free ! Do n't . download . A waste dont get !
 I want to know about the The Chameleons -LRB- UK -RRB- music DVD , not the Russian movie the entry mixes in . 1 star because the page is useless .
 I ordered this in the hopes that it would help me learn a bunch of the steps from the sixties that I needed to incorporate into a 60 's themed theatrical production . Ms. Lane spends practically less than a minute on each step and it 's variations ... and the entire sixties section barely lasts eight minutes . For twenty dollars this dvd might be worth it - but for the price , the silly production values , and the fact there is so little actual material here ... it 's insanely overpriced .
 I remember back as a teenager watching `` A Current Affair '' when Maury Povich was still the host . There was a story on this very movie because the opening scene was filmed at a high school and consisted of 20 or so scantilly clad women and a voluptuous teacher that greeted the hero with the line , `` Is that an apple in your pocket or are you just glad to see me ? '' Obviously , this was a dream sequence , but nontheless , I think that alone was worth the $ 3.00 I paid for this movie . The rest is pretty much mind-numbing .
 I thought it was advanced poses . Instead it was some kind of breathing ! It was a waste of my money .
 This movie was very disappointing though the best part of the movie was the great make-up effects on Downey , you could not even tell it was him except if you looked very closely you could see the Downey eyes and lips . The love scene was the best part of the movie .
 I have no problem with this movie being an `` imaginary portrait . '' Diane did live inside her head , and had a very rich imagination . The premise of this movie does have merit . Unfortunately , they missed so many of the truly interesting and brave qualities Arbus had , opting instead to flatten her out into a two-dimensional 50 's house wife with a few strange quirks . I find this insulting , it 's as if the film maker ca n't imagine anyone understanding a more complex character . Or they can , but they 're trying to appeal to a larger audience -LRB- which this movie did n't get anyway -RRB- . But that 's not the worst reductive work of this film . Allan Arbus , Diane 's husband , was integral to her growth as an artist . I 'm not saying this to bemoan the film not sticking to facts , but because it leads into the most interesting romantic relationship Diane had in her life
 Being a photographer , knowing about Diane Arbus , and watching this movie after watching real documentaries about her , it is understood that this movie had nothing to do with Diane Arbus the person but the directors spin on a person who really exsisted but making up a story around her . The plot was somewhat slow , as was the romance between Robert Downey Jr and Nicole Kidman . Thankfully they did get her camera right . But thats about it . Over all , a waste of the money I payed for this movie .
 I have been a long time fan of Diane Arbus 's art , having been exposed to her quirky yet meaningful photos while I was still in high school . This awful , pretentious and over-reaching attempt at making an `` Art Film '' loosely -LRB- VERY loosely -RRB- based on her life fails at every turn . The film is directed in an extremely self-conscious manner , attempting to create `` perfect '' balance as if composing still life or portrait photographs . Everything is saturated and exaggerated , with even the soundtrack consisting of listless , sotto voce chamber jazz devolving into random ambient notes as the prurient aspects of the film build to an anti-climax . The actors whisper their way through an awful script , begging the question
 Another amazing performance from Nicole Kidman in an extremely flawed film . This was an interesting concept , but the screenplay is weak , and the characters and story are both underdeveloped . There is no depth here at all . You find yourself simply apathetic towards the people on the screen , and this is never good when the film under question is supposed to be a character study.There are a few things to admire in this film , but you just ca n't get past the feeling that much more could have been done to make this a better film . Robert Downey Jr tries his best to deliver a strong performance , and he does a decent job here ... even though he is covered with hair from head to toe through half of the film . You can barely recognize him.See only for two reasons
 It is apparent why Diane wants to escape from her life . Her husband is nice enough , but her parents would drive anyone over the edge . They are continually degrading her , and seem to wish that their son-in-law were their son , providing them with a more acceptable daughter.The theme of the movie is the eponymous fur . This is her parent 's business , her husband 's business , and she wears fur even when it is not appropriate . So who does she find . . someone who is covered in hair , or fur , although his problem is genetic , not choice . Through Lionel , she finds a world of strangeness , perhaps in contrast to the closeness and familiarity of fur -LRB- or hair -RRB- . Diane Arbus had a sad life , which , as is well known , ended in suicide . Her sadness can be seen in her photographs , which were not presented in the movie . But even when she smiles in the movie , a dark patina covers her face.As unattractive as she tries to appears , Nicole Kidman can not hid the fact of her beauty . . which is in contrast to the part she is playing.This is a very strange movie , but watching Nicole Kidman is always a pleasure .
 Let me say that I had never heard of Diane Arbus before watching this movie . In a nutshell , She meets the stranger living in the attic of her apartment bldg who has a medical condition that makes his appearance that of a werewolf . He is just as creepy as she is . She falls `` madly '' in love with him , takes up photography with the majority of her photos being that of his hallway and front door -LRB- yes thats right -RRB- , neglects her family and becomes weirdly obsessed with her hairy lover . Strange movie . I found it disturbing .
 Diane Arbus was an artist . This was a mockery of her life and total blather . If I were one of her children , I would sue the producer , the writer and the person who is responsible for this fairy tale . It had nothing to do with the real Diane Arbus and how she lived and died . Horrible , just horrible and I would even -LRB- dare I say -RRB- like a refund . I am embarrassed to admit that I even purchased this piece of garbage . It was merely a flitting tale of Beauty and the Beast . A shambles of a story . Shame on all of you . Shame shame shame ...
 As a professional photographer and one who wants to believe he appreciates `` thinking '' movies , I had hoped this might be a better-than-average film . I understood going in that this was probably 50/50 reality-fantasy , and that was okay . I am a fan of MD , Jr. -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- and I can tolerate Nicole Kidman 's -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- acting . However , even they could n't save this movie from a painful , and unnecessarily-slow death . -LRB- Hint . Hint . -RRB- This was n't an especially compelling story . Nor did it inspire on any level - the cinematography is ho-hum , there were virtually no references to Arbus ' work -LRB- which was supposedly ground-breaking -RRB- , and the main characters were nothing more than mid-20th-century , self-indulgent , self-centered , self-destructive adherents to Existentialism -LRB- which , like Post-Modernism , necessarily breeds that kind of person -RRB- . The real dwarfs in this story were Arbus and Lionel . Is that what the writer and director wanted us to see ? However , all-in-all , this movie is a real dog ... and not good FUR much at all .
 Disapponting . This hairy film uselessly battles the common fur-generated fears/attractions . It 's the typical beauty-and-the-best dynamic , but with a solid representation of the art of shaving .
 Nicole Kidman is a brilliant actress , who makes bold choices and does n't play it safe . I think that 's commendable , but the natural result is that for every brilliant movie she 's in -LRB- The Hours , Moulin Rouge -RRB- , there 's one that 's odd -LRB- Birth -RRB- or just bad -LRB- Bewitched -RRB- . Fur is the worst of them all . Neither Kidman 's luminous presence nor Robert Downey Jr. 's talent are enough to save this wreck . Whoever described it as a freak show was being generous.The idea of replacing Diane Arbus 's fascinating real life with this `` imaginary portrait '' was a bad one , the screenplay is terrible , and the direction is even worse . I hope Kidman 's next project will be better -LRB- at least it ca n't be worse -RRB- and more suited to her enormous talent .
 This mnovie was a complete waste of time for someone who , like me , did not have a grip on who Diane Arbus was . It is indeed `` creepy '' as one reviewer said , and got to be laughable at the end . All I wanted to do at the end of the movie was forget it , which is something I do n't usually do . A little explanation of who she was and how she ended up would have been nice , but without that , it was a very boring and yet somehow unsettling movie ! Extremely slow as well , and a waste of the talents of these two actors .
 First of all , why make a film that is an `` imaginary portrait '' of Diane Arbus ? It consists of a made-up story about Arbus and a neighbor with a medical condition that makes him hairy all over . Kidman , of course , is wonderful , Robert Downey , Jr. is very disappointing , and ultimately the viewer is disappointed too . I suppose Arbus ' real life story was n't interesting enough .
 I started to watch this last night on my lap top , a message came up saying the DVD had to install something to play.Needless to say , I did not install the software.On the DVD case , in very small print , is a message saying this will happen.I have NOT tried this on my player and do n't know if that will happen their .
 This is the worst film I ever tried to watch . I could n't make it past the first half hour . Most of that half hour was spent on closeups of Kidman 's face fixed in the one expression she uses to indicate any kind of emotion
 This film made me sad at the squandered opportunity to have shared with a new generation and a larger audience an immense American talent in visual art through the medium of photography . Rather than grapple with a complex woman in a transitional cultural time for both women and the arts , we are given this water color of a woman , dropped in the middle of a Tod Browning carnival of ` Freaks , ' trivializing Arbus ' groundbreaking sense of vision and boundary-challenging subject matter . What a terrific actress like Nicole Kidman could have done in bringing us the raw , authentic artist and woman had she not signed on to this ` imaginary portrait . '
 `` Fur '' takes the fascinating subject of Diane Arbus and trashes it . Ignoring Patricia Bosworth 's 1984 biography , director Steven Shainberg and screenwriter Erin Cressida Wilson opt for a pretentious fictional approach . With a running time of 122 minutes , `` Fur '' goes nowhere very slowly . Nicole Kidman 's fine performance as the influential photographer deserves a much better film .
 This movie is really quite unfortunate . Diane Arbus was a fascinating woman and her life should have gotten the treatment it deserved . They had been debating for years about how best to approach this ... what won out was probably the worst idea . It is fictional and only loosely based on her amazing life . It is pretty insulting to her memory . The fictional allegorical love affair with her upstairs neighbor is kind of insulting for it portrays her as a naive woman needing a masculine figure to bring out her artistic notions . The character itself pays homage to Lionel the Lion-Faced man and imagines a meeting/romance . They even change her kid 's names for no reason . I hope another film does it right .
 `` Beauty and the beast '' by a director that wants to be David Lynch . Human beings do n't act like human beings . It 's all about a sense of weirdness , and any resemblance to the historical Diane Arbus is entirely coincidental . And that 's a pity because her life was interesting
 I just do n't see a person can shave a man who looks like a werewolf with a single little plastic razor . Not that this movie is poorly acted ... but ... IT IS SOOOOOOOO STUPID !!! It is also boaring . Dis I mention that this movie is stupid and baoring ? Sheesh ... what on Earth were Downey and Kidman thinking when they sighned on to make this easily forgettable film .
 I waited quite a while to see this movie on cable , mostly because I adoreRobert Downy Jr. . Restoration is one of my favorite films . What a totaldisappointment . Kidman 's role choices are pretty predictable , so I knewthe story would involve forbidden love and tragedy in some shape or formand that given her tendency for one-note performances , there would be alot of pouting , brow-knitting , and plenty of shallow breathing . According tothose intimately acquainted with Diane Arbus and her work , it also seemsridiculous to have chosen a tall , gangly Australian woman with strawberryblond hair to portray a small Jewish woman with dark features . JanineGarofolo or Jennifer Conolly would have been more appropriate choices.I was less prepared for Downey 's lackluster performance , which was utterlyvoid of passion . He seemed exhausted throughout the film , and looked oldand tired without the fur veil . Instead of haunting and mysterious , hischaracter betrayed a boredom and lack of depth that ran counter to his lifeand circumstances . Furthermore , there was absolutely no chemistry betweenthese two actors ! The scene where Kidman shaved off his hair had the potentialfor eroticism , but the lack of passion between the two resulted in a paint-bynumbers sex scene and a cheeseball `` tragic '' ending . In sum , neither actor ` sperformance lived up to the mystery and complexity of the characters they setout to portray . The finest performance in the film was given by the gentlemanplaying Arbus 's husband . A virtual unknown , his portrayel was raw and inspiredin comparison to the banal acting of his illustrious counterparts.In addition to the poor acting , the premise of the story was seriously flawed.The thesis
 this movie was absolutely terrible ... you should not watch it , its really not worth your time . instead of adding an interesting twist , the `` imaginary '' aspects of the film are both absurd and ridiculously literal/unnecessary . i strongly recommend not buying , renting , or even watching this movie .
 Very very painstakingly dull movie . Just plain weird & made no sence . Not worth watching except maybe for kidmans breaf nude scene at the end .
 What an insulting fantasy of Diane Arbus . How could they get away with this trash with Arbus ' name attached to it ? I wanted to know more about the woman and her career as a photographer . You will not find this here . What you will find is just a plain ordinary `` Beauty and the Beast '' story that could have been about anyone . Why make this with Arbus in mind when any Jane Doe character could have done ? Terrible . The only good side is that Nicole Kidman is always lovely to look at , but that 's about it . TC
 Sure I have to watch this flick as money paid . Being rated R I expected something appropriate -- no way ! Hollywood firmly lives in 19th century . And I said -- dont promise if you can not deliver . Sure there are some fake reality , fake imagination etc. . But why anybody want to see movie ? Because we expect something in return , we want to learn ; reality much more exciting than imagination if you know what to show . The claimed year -- 1958 -- looks almost perfect -- main character dont have to work , husband supplies everything etc. . Is it really that perfect in US in 1958 so producer concentrate on unimportant events ? I guess so .
 Season One of The Vice was just terrific . Good writing and , of course , Ken Stott is a fine actor . But Season Two moves like molasses , certainly the first two episodes . Endless , dragging , repetitive , no action . The writers sadly appear to have let the series down . Here 's to hoping they regain their initial touch .
 A robot named Golem -LRB- Richard Young -RRB- has been given a hit list . He also knows all the people in the agency . In order to kill the robot and retired agent is brought back out of retirement -LRB- Robert Conrad as Henry Stanton -RRB- . He believes he is protecting the flirty Mary Casallas -LRB- Karen Austin -RRB- from some rouge assassin . When he finds out it is actually a robot , he punches everyone around him , like a scene in `` Airplane . `` The movie reminded me of a low budget made for TV `` Terminator '' knock off complete with the roommate of Sarah Connor . The ending was a bit comical and I never did understand the twist they suddenly tossed in . A real yawner for a science fiction action film .
 I love Andy Williams but I was really did n't enjoy this DVD . The picture quality is not good and the entire thing is in Black & white . I assumed that if this DVD was just released in 2006 that it would be a good quality DVD , but I was very disappointed . I really wish I had not spent my money on this item ; I feel it was a waste . I have many Andy Williams DVD 's and watch them regularly , however , I know I will never watch this again . Even if you like Andy Williams , do n't waste your money on this DVD .
 This radio play was never meant to be seen , only heard . Imagination and the theater of the mind , combined with the Dylan Thomas , Welsh vocalization , made it music to my ears . Rude , lewd , and boring it never was , till filmed . Even the actors knew this and had no pride in it .
 The Laurel and Hardy bits are slightly amusing - the rest of the film is paper thin . Try to catch it on Turner Classic Movies . It 's not really much of a film .
 Beware , runs less than 5 minutes , it 's B&W ; , very very very poor quality!I do n't understand how amazon can even sell this rip-off
 `` Porridge '' - UK criminal slang for doing time in gaol-was a very popular BBC TV sitcom in the 1970 's but it had ceased to be shown some two years before this movie version was released . The movie brings back all the regulars from the show including the great comedy writer and actor Ronnie Barker who reprises his role as Fletcher , an habitual petty criminal serving time in Slade prison . It was an era in British cinema when vitually every popular TV sitcom was made into a feature movie and this is probably the best of the resultant movies.Unfortunately , that is to damn it with faint praise as it is nothing special.Very often what works on TV over a 30 minute time slot gets stretched too thin over 90 plus minutes on the big screen and that is what happens in this movie.The plot has echoes of The Longest Yard in that it revolves around a soccer match , this one being between a team of inmates and one of celebrities . The idea is to use the game as the front for an escape attemptDespite the best endeavours of an accomplished cast , laughs are few and far between . I do however suggest that anyone who likes character driven British comedy try to trace any of the original TV epiodes as they are very good indeed and way better than this movie which is simply too long for the material
 Although my kids love most of the Wee Sing videos , they never could sit through this one . Wee Singdom and the Christmas video are the only ones that they do n't enjoy . They are only slightly more fond of the Old King Cole video .
 My son loves the Wee Sing Train and others in the series , so we rented this one . I 'm glad that we rented this one before we bought it - this one stinks . It moves VERY slowly , and the songs are too down-tempo and boring.You 'll be happier if you choose a different title .
 One of the finest Sherlock Holmes short stories , `` Charles Augustus Milverton '' showcases Holmes and Watson at their very best
 THE MASTER BLACKMAILER -LRB- 1992 -RRB- Directed by Peter Hammond . Based on the shory story THE ADVENTURE OF CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.Starring Jeremy Brett , Edward Hardwicke , Colin Jeavons , Rosalie Williams and Robert Hardy.Another in the wretched last season efforts in the Brett Sherlock Holmes series and all the more so in that the story . . perfect for a 45 minute ep ... was unwisely here bloated up beyond belief to a one hour and forty five minute movie . Filled to suffocation with padding , by the time the film actually gets to the story in question . . about one hour and five minutes in ... the whole thing is just dead in the water . Worse we are subjected to a 25 minute Gay Agenda sequence that besides being completely foreign to the material is also completely extraneous to the plot and could have been cut with ease . I can not imagine anything more certain to kill a mystery suspense film dead than a twenty minute sequence in a Victorian Gay Bar with transvestites singing Gilbert and Sullivan.Better than the horrific THE LAST VAMPYRE , this is not to say it is good only that the above mentioned cast , especially Hardy as the odious Milverton do superb work and so make the experience not as stomach churning as it could have been . Too bad really as this , like THE SUSSEX VAMPIRE , will probably never be attempted again in our lifetimes and so , like all things the Gay Agenda touches , is a destructive waste .
 All too often in his career Bela Lugosi was expected to carry a film all by himself with little or no help from other actors , the director , the script or special effects . The Devil Bat -LRB- 1941 -RRB- is such a movie . The sets are cheap , the script is hokey and the `` devil bat '' is laughably lame . And yet as he always does , Bela makes the movie entertaining . He plays one of hismany mad scientists -- this one a -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- perfume maker who was monetarily wronged by his partners , now millionaires . These ungrateful boobs rub this in a little too much and so Lugosi creates a giant bat -LRB- as perfume makers are so good at doing -RRB- that will strike at anyone wearing a certain scent . Predictably the mad doctor ends up wearing his own scent and is killed by the devil bat -- but not before he gets his revenge on several of these boring unknown actors who deserve to die . As expected , Lugosi makes the character sympathetic and yet also fearsome as he tells each of his victims , `` goodbye '' after they try on his new fragrance . This movie has some of the most hackneyed character acting you have ever seen -- and yet Bela never stops giving it all he 's got to make this movie a success -- which is more than the movie deserves!Still for the Bela Lugosi fan , this movie is pleasurable as you watch what one great and talented actor can do in one bad movie . One is left wondering how a Tom Cruise or Will Smith would fare in such a weak vehicle . But Bela -- ever the artist -- rises above it and gives a performance that can be enjoyed in spite of its trappings.That 's acting !
 The Devil Bat is a real poverty row effort from the 1940s , when Bela Lugosi was being offered roles of diminishing quality . That being said , it does have a certain campy charm , as Lugosi trains his electrically enlarged bats to kill at the scent of his special shaving lotion formula ! The big bat has to be seen to be believed , and its attack cry is really something . All in all , a fun hour of viewing .
 this dvd movie get grainy , is not totally restored , i know is an oldest movie but get a lot grainy not like thy others oldest movies .
 Killer Bats is a movie that will generate a few chuckles , not just with the acting , but also for the inferior special effects and set . It 's easy to follow this film and its plot of a mad scientist turning loose killer bats on people , and the humorous idea of using a special aftershave scent to attract the bats . The picture quality in some ways is what you would expect from a film that 's over 70 years old , but in other ways it should 've been preserved better . The best part about this movie is its length
 The morons I purchased this item from sent me just another copy of Devil Bat . Just Black & White with no color version . A real pisser .
 Yet another of Lugosi 's bargain-basement epics , this one suffers from poor scripting and a general lack of ideas . The formula repeats itself as the annoying reporter confronts the mad scientist . There are a few fun moments , but the horribly stale formula plot really does n't hold up very well . It 's OK for the viewer with a little time to kill , but it 's no classic .
 Ordered this video through Amazon -LRB- Robin Hood Most Wanted -RRB- And it would not play in any of our dvd players . DEFECTIVE We wrote e-mails to everyone and did not get a reply or a refund.Don ' t waste your time , order it from someone else.No one seems to care after they get your money.T.A.H .
 To put it plainly , this movie was filmed in FULL FRAME 1:33 -1 , not widescreen as presented here . For some reason the folks at Disney decided to create a fake widescreen version by cropping off 25 % of the picture from the top & bottom ! What is `` Most Wanted '' about this edition is the people in charge that decided crop the picture and give you less!This is equal to watching Star Wars in a square picture , YOU ARE NOT GETTING THE FULL PICTURE.And the extras ... . can you call them true special edition extras ? The only reason to get this is for the deleted scene , which you will be glad was deleted after you see the sketches!BUY THE ORIGINAL GOLD CLASSIC EDITION , it is worth its gold for the full picture !
 I 've seen the majority of the `` classic '' Disney animated films , and `` Robin Hood '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- does not come close to them in quality . The story features Robin Hood taking on King John , whose brother , the true King of England -LRB- King Richard -RRB- , is off on the Crusades . King John is outraged after being robbed and tricked by Robin Hood and retaliates by increasing the taxes in his kingdom . This back and forth continues for awhile until Robin Hood finally triumphs . Yawn.The quality of animation of `` Robin Hood '' is not drastically better than what you would see in the typical 70s Saturday morning cartoon . The character designs are rather generic and undistinguished , particularly Toby Turtle , Sir Hiss , and Robin Hood himself . The plot is quite boring and certainly is not clever enough to entertain adults , although it may entertain easily amused children . Clearly , the film 's low budget hurt it greatly . The only positive aspects were a couple of decent songs -LRB- especially `` Not in Nottingham '' by Roger Miller -RRB- and the conceit of making all the characters into animals . I have n't seen a few of them , but `` Robin Hood '' is my least favorite of all Disney animated films I have seen.Note
 First of all , let 's straighten out the misconceptions of the widescreen version `` missing '' information.The film was originally animated `` full-frame '' 1.37:1 , but that is not how it was theatrically presented - the film was shown with a 1.85:1 projector matte , and this is how the animation needed to be composed.Second , as an animation fan , I 've been put off by this film . It was done with little budget , several characters are simply re-used designs from films like `` The Jungle Book '' -LRB- including Little John being a re-draw of Baloo , including the re-use of Phil Harris in the role -RRB- , and the film re-uses animated sequences from films like `` Snow White '' -LRB- in the dance sequence -RRB- and `` Wind In The Willows '' . It is such a cheat.Thirdly , in spite of the Roger Miller musical numbers , which are the only memorable parts of this film , the ending is short changed . Prince John is not really defeated -LRB- as in the live action versions -RRB- and Robin Hood simply shakes his fist and runs away . The return of King Richard was cut from the film , even though it was substantially inked and painted -LRB- portions of this footage turned up on the Disney channel in the 80 's -RRB- . Here , Prince John watches Robin get away and he gets mad and he chases the snake and the castle burns . The film is wrapped up by the Roger Miller rooster walking out and telling us how the story ends . `` You know , I thought we 'd never get rid of -LRB- Prince John and the Sheriff and Sir Hiss -RRB- , but lucky for us , King Richard returned , and - well - he just straightened everything out . `` With apologies to Ernest Ristler at the HTF , if this was applied to other films like Star Wars -LRB- ` C-3PO stepping out from behind a tree at the Rebel Base and saying
 It 's cute . Even a little sacharine . But it 's Disney and classic . A fun family movie . -LRB- I still prefer Errol Flynn 's version though . -RRB-
 DVD 'S would not work ... who would think of checking the region ? I would n't . I ordered these for a gift and they were sentto two different people in two different states . I am not going to ask these people to sent the DVD 'S back to me and then ship them back for a refund . It is embarrassing and disappointing . Does Disney do this kind of thing ? I guess I will find out .
 I was on a mad search to find the classic Disney cartoon Robin Hood for my son , as I had many fond memories of watching this film with my father and I was so excited that the company Movie Mars Inc. had this film ... so I thought . When I received the package the cover of the DVD was the movie I ordered but when I put the film in the screen was blank with the words `` check regional code '' and there was no option to hit play or enjoy this film with my family . So , as you can imagine I was p.o. I emailed Movie Mars Inc. to inquire about a refund , we have been emailing back and forth about this matter and I had to ship the item back to them on my dollar and I 'm still waiting for my refund ... it 's been one month!I have never had an issue using Amazon vendors before so please do n't be to discouraged by this review , I personally would never use Movie Mars Inc again .
 Was really scratched ! It plays but you should say it like new if its scratched all over.would buy used again . It was n't very expensive though and now I know why .
 I am not sure that the one I received was the one that I say pictures of . The one that I thought I ordered came with the raised slip cover . I also did not know what the region 2 meant and it does not play in any DVD player in our house .
 The original theatrical version of this film was NOT widescreen . For this DVD , Disney took a non-widescreen movie and MADE it widescreen . What does this mean for you ? Less movie ! Since they can not `` add '' footage to fill in the sides of a widescreen TV , the only way they can do it is to zoom into the picture and crop out the top and bottom ! This destroys any sense of composition those poor layout artists worked so hard to achieve , and is essentially like watching the film with your eyes half closed . In order to fill your widescreen television , and tout this release as `` Enhanced for 16x9 Televisions , '' Disney thought it was a good idea to bring you 25 % LESS movie . If viewed on a standard TV , you now see black bars at the top and bottom of our screen , where there were none before!Get the `` Disney Gold Classic Collection '' version if you want to see the film in its entirety .
 I liked this as a child , but it 's really one of Disney 's weaker animated films and lacks a lot of the attention to detail that sets apart the studio 's real Classics . Some of the scenes look like actual tracings from other movies -LRB- the scene where Maid Marian is dancing with the animals - it 's Snow White and the Dwarfs down to every move ! -RRB- . I recently rented Disney 's live action `` The Story of Robin Hood '' and was so impressed I went out and bought the video - great film full of excitement and suspence . It also explained the whole legend of Robin Hood better and gave the characters a bit more depth . This animated version is only so-so .
 I made a mistake in not verifying the media before I bought this product . I received a VHS tape , when I thought I had ordered a DVD .
 I know I will not be the only who sees Robin Hood as one of the most artistically poor of all of Disney 's animated features , unfortunately , people think of this kind of animation when they think of '70s Disney and forget that the Disney seventies were so much superior to this.Robin Hood is weak in story-line , characters and specially artistry and yet , it seems to have a rating of 7.3 at IMDb and a high rating here , too , I guess that 's the reason for the special edition because there are many other more deserving Disney films out there -LRB- The Sword in the Stone , or The Rescuers to name a few , you know the * real * Disney masterpiece films ? -RRB- and Robin Hood is n't even close . Sure , it 's entertaining , but the DVD release it got once was enough to satisfy it , I personally ca n't see the film improving with a digital restoration.Still , before saying anything else , I 'll wait until the Special Edition is out and then we 'll see , but so far , this film gets a 2/5 .
 I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my grandson . I FULLY admit my mistake ; I thought it was a DVD version not a VHS . Immediately after I hit the purchase button , I caught my error . At that moment , -LRB- not more than 1 minute after purchase -RRB- I sent an email explaining that I was sorry but I did n't want the item . I sent a total of THREE requests to please cancel the order . I did n't receive a single response from them . My VHS version of Robin Hood came in the mail and the money was deducted from my account . The VHS tape is still sitting on my dresser in the original mailing box , in the wrapper and of no use to me . I will NEVER purchase again from godsnet and would STRONGLY recommend others not to . I made a mistake yes , and would not be leaving a negative response if they would have just contacted me . No response at all makes me question the ethics of this company . RED FLAGS are up for a reason .
 it was not what it was suppose to be we had got something else next time they need to be be specific about what the item is it was not the disney robin hood it was something totally different .
 Tried playing the DVD on two different DVD players without success . I had a VHS copy of this movie years ago and loved the movie . This was a gift for my little nephew . Needless to say , we were very disappointed that this DVD would not play . I contacted the seller , who suggested it may have been a European version , and then left it up to me to figure that out based on looking for either the number `` 1 '' or `` 2 '' somewhere on the item description page . I would suggest that sellers make this information more apparent on the item description page when selling to both customers in the U.S. and Europe . It is important to note , as with many Disney movies , this DVD is not in current production and availability is limited . As a result , this item was purchased from an independent seller through Amazon.com . I love Amazon.com and do not feel that Amazon was in any way at fault for the lack of disclosure in the product description for this item .
 In fact i could n't find one that it worked in , The movie only worked on the computer . Not worth it !!
 I ordered this dvd on December 1st . I had no idea it was coming from ITALY . It was to be a Christmas present , but I received it January 15th . The cover and all writing is in Italian ! The worst thing is that it will not play on the dvd player , or the x-box . It will play in the laptop . It says this dvd is only available for viewing in Italy and a bunch of other foreign countries nowhere near here . I ordered it from Utah , you would think they could send it here and it would play . I have never heard of such a thing . I ca n't send it back because it had to go back to Italy and I will not deal with that overseas mailing hassle . This has been a nightmare and I feel Amazon should n't work with 3rd parties like these people . I like to order from Amazon . You can see that I have a long history and have ordered many things from Amazon . First disappointment . Please check into these vendors and do not associate with them .
 This story might have been fleshed out better on stage in a play or a documentary . The story was realistic enough and the acting was decent but as a movie , it was n't entertaining . The story telling was n't good . i disliked the soundtrack , and the way the screen would pan to become a photo/or a still . It seemed reminiscent of a home movie or the backdrop of an cheesy KaraOK video . But i understand that this was the film maker 's first attempt and i guess everyone has to start somewhere . 4 Stars for effort . For entertainment value or the film 's ability to grab me viscerally , 2 Stars .
 This production is not only an example of bad indie filmmaking , but Fitzgerald appears to have taken her film class lectures on the use of slow motion and stop motion a little too close to heart . With this mash , the library of lesbian cinema gets another addition to the bulging shelf of plots about unfaithful , betraying women -- a theme that seems to have become almost mandatory for the genre . And in what guide to creating low-budget lesbian theme films is the chapter that suggests it 's a good idea to also add a soundtrack of embarrasingly second-rate songs ? The whole production feels as if it was slapped together from disjointed takes and in some scenes Veronica Mittenzwei looks tired and aged . Kate Clinton 's brief appearance is n't simply wasted , it 's also monotonous . Sit through this if you must -LRB- at the least you 'll learn what not to do if you should feel an urge to make your own video quickie -RRB- .
 Not quite sure why I watched this all the way through - really wish I had n't . Full of cliches and incredibly predictable . The chemistry between the two leads was good , but the rest was pure crap . Sorry , those who worked on this film . Just my opinion .
 Horrible movie . I actually laughed a lot , but it 's not supposed to be a comedy . The acting was terrible , storyline bad , the way the movie was shot was supposed to be `` arty '' but just ended up looking like a 10 year old child did the camera work . I only gave it one star for a rating because they wo n't let you review an item without one . If they had a zero star rating , that 's what it would get . I am sorry I wasted my money on it .
 my disc is in perfect condtion but the music sounds slightly scratchy or like you put cellophane in your ears before you listened ... very odd
 I did n't receive the DVD 's . I was told I would get a refund and I have n't seen that yet either .
 I was very disappointed in this video -- the script jumped around from one place to another and back again , it was not in depth , and was only 28 minutes . I found a much better DVD of the same area -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- by Smart Travel . This truly was one of the most poorly produced travel videos I have seen -- I felt like it was a waste of my $ 15 . Languedoc
 Typical `` cloak & dagger '' film made way back when . Cooper walking around with a monkey was dumb . Madaline Carroll was beautiful . The russian actor made up to be Chinese , not good . Poor story line .
 This series totally jumped the shark when Chase left at the end of season 3 the new guy that plays Zoey 's boyfriend is really annoying . I hate all the episodes in this season and Quinn hooking up with Logan is the only saving grace out of a weak season . Thank God Jamie-Lynn got knocked up and ended the series . Chase 's Dynamic really made the show = do not bother buying this season unless you are a REALLY REALLY DIE HARD FAN >
 I wish I could say that my wife 's sciatica had gone away or that it had even reduced the pain or even left it the same . In stead she has pain in additional places . We have waited in hopes -LRB- as it said in the DVD -RRB- that the body was remembering old injuries but the new pains have n't abated . We did 2 sessions a week apart . My wife is afraid to do the third.The sheet accompanying the dvd was not helpful . The pictures were poor and so close up that you often could not tell where on the body the moves were being applied . Plus no stickers shown . It would have helped also if the photographer of the DVD had stepped back more often so we could have seen the whole picture - stickers and or movement better . Especially on the boomerang and thumb chase.I believed it when they said you could n't hurt people with this procedure.Silly Me .
 I did n't like the book at all . A few pages into chapter one was all I could do.I had to re-read at different times to make sure what I was reading , though the writing style was simple , I found it difficult to followunless I was trying too hard to comprehend the message that I missed it.I do n't know . Maybe later ... much later , I will try reading it again.Material is vague , and seemed to me at least to be written in riddles.I understand his books are very popular , but I at least could notidentify with this author . He had absolutely nothing to offer menot even spirituality.I think Oprah 's show on the same subject was far more beneficial .
 Nowhere near as good as the book . Nothing like it . You might like the TV personalities though . Still love Deepak though . Smart man .
 The dvd was professionally done . Unfortunately , I do n't think that it depicted the reality of families in Vietnam . The producers portrayed the typical `` city '' family lifestyle as one of luxury . It 's difficult to believe that the average `` city '' family in a Third World Country drives a new sedan and and has a housemaid . Oh , I also forgot the grand piano.The filming of the `` country '' family was well done -LRB- too well done -RRB- . The family scenes were idealic and serene . I think that the producers wore their rose-colored glasses when they were filming this . It made life in the country seem like a vacation.I 'm not sure what audience this dvd was trying to target but for those who want realism , I would recommend something else .
 These Families of the World videos are great , educational tools . However , they use poor materials and are overpriced . For only 2 , 30 min . segments , $ 30 is ridiculous ! New , professionally made movies are not that expensive ! Taking advantage of educators like this is beyond belief . I own several of these and the material used to make them is very low grade . For this price you would expect better quality DVDs . My copy of Puerto Rico families was only played 2x . When I went to clean the disk it cracked down the middle . I looked at the back and the disk quality is that of a burned disk copy , not the professional grade you expect from a DVD purchase .
 The previous movies , especially the first , were very good adaptations of the books . The movie adaptation of the Goblet of Fire , however , is very poorly done . It 's a major disappointment . It appears that either the director , producer -LRB- s -RRB- , or screenwriter -LRB- s -RRB- -LRB- or all of them -RRB- were not up to the task of making a good movie or were simply intent on cashing in on the financial success of the previous movies and books by simply going through the minimal motions to release an `` adequate '' movie , knowing very well that Potter fans will pay to see and buy the movie regardless of its deficiencies.The movie does provide impressive glitzy special effects and the actors continue to perform well . However , the movie corrupts and deviates from the theme and storyline found in the books and previous movies . The movie also has the central characters in the movie behaving `` out of character '' from the thousands of pages that have been used to develop their characters and personalities -LRB- and previous movies , too -RRB- ; for example , this movie has Dumbledore running around ranting and appearing to act impulsively . Anyone who has carefully read the books knows that the essence of Dumbledore is
 It 's tough adapting wildly popular books for the screen . The outsized `` Harry Potter '' books have proven especially vexing , provoking a tug of war between the letter of the law , and the spirit . The first two films , directed by Chris Columbus , opted for the former , producing efforts long on exposition and short on character . The third , directed by Alfonso Cuar?n , breathed fresh magic into the series , enriching the fantastic imagery and expanding the personalities of the characters . Mr. Cuar?n passed on directing this installment , and we have a new freshman for the franchise - Mike Newell , the director of `` Four Weddings and a Funeral '' . Sadly , the invigorating effect of the third film has n't passed on to `` Goblet '' , and we 've returned to exposition-land . There was a good opportunity here to transform Rowling 's unwieldly plot into a more streamlined vehicle . Unfortunately , most of the bones have been jettisoned , and the fat retained instead . We 're left to watch two and a half hours of introductions , ceremonies and lengthy speeches.Dozens of half-muttered asides are scattered about to explain the various potions , rules , and dignitaries that litter the plot . It 's hard to believe that it would make much sense , much less create a compelling tale , for the non-initiated . We 're drawn into a world-wide Quidditch match , only to be awkwardly shoved to the post-game festivites without seeing so much as a single play . Aside from some athletic uniforms , who would know what that gargantuan meeting was for without reading the book?This is all done with grand flourish , though the effect soon becomes deadening . The Big Game . The Bigger Dance . The Biggest Game , and bigger and bigger and bigger still , though we have little sense what any of this means to the characters , or to the forces of darkness that lurk beneath all of these stories . Human moments glimmer here and there as our heroes struggle with their budding emotions and self-awareness , but these are rare , buried in the pomp . There are some standout action sequences , too - Harry 's battle with a ferocious dragon is exciting , and the climax retains some of its emotional force , but for the most part the proceedings are fairly dull.Until the filmmakers feel courageous enough to leave some of the imagery to the audience 's imaginations , and return the focus to the identifiable , human elements of the stories , we 're in for some dispiriting films indeed .
 Total bummer . As a lot of people have said they wo n't be buying this and any future Ultimate Editions unless the Extended versions of each film are included and I agree with them . The first two HP films I purchased the Ultimate Editions mainly because the Extended Cuts were included along with the theatrical versions . Adding only a documentary is not reason enough to shell out 40 bucks or more for the same movie I already have on blu-ray . The first two Ultimate Editions are truly beautiful sets . The artwork and all the extras really make these collector 's items for any fan of this series and I was looking forward to purchasing all the films -LRB- again -RRB- on blu-ray . However , as much as I 'd love to have these now , without the Extended Cuts , makes all the difference.I hope someone at WB with enough clout sees this thread and hopefully some day soon we will be able to purchase THE truly ULTIMATE EDITIONS of ALL of the Harry Potter films .
 I purchased Years 1 and 2 and enjoyed the extended versions with the deleted material put back in to the movies . Years 3 and 4 are just the standard versions already released but at a much higher price . The deleted portions are added , just like the standard version on a separate disk but not in context , they should have been assembled into the movie.Save your money and get the standard versions as this is just a WB rip off .
 And if I measure the choices made by the director , screenwriter , actors and casting director I find their efforts to be lacking . The book itself is wonderful in many respects , packed with information , back stories and texture that makes for a very enjoyable read . Now I know it 's not easy to condense a 700 + page book into a working movie , but c'mon ! This is a poor job and not just because of the large amount of material they left out from the book . For example
 When Warner Bros. introduced this ultimate edition set last year my wife was thrilled . Naturally I ordered them for her as she is a huge Harry Potter fan , and I enjoy the movies as well . When we received the first 2 Ultimate Edition movies we were blow away by both the packaging and the amount of extra content included . For the first time in a long time we felt like we were really getting our money 's worth and eagerly awaited the next two movies . Well the day the movies became available for pre-sale I slapped our order in and we anxiously awaited the release . Now a few weeks ago I did a little browsing online and realized that neither of the two Ultimate edition movies releasing this year contained extended editions of the movie , which was one of the main reasons we purchased the set last year . We 've owned both the HD-DVD years 1-5 special box set , and then upgraded to the Blu-Ray version -LRB- still own these -RRB- . After discussing it with my wife , she decided she still wanted the Ultimate Edition 's this year -LRB- 3 and 4 -RRB- so I kept our preorder . Well today we received the products in the mail , and before I get into anything else I have to rant a little bit.First thing I noticed with this years Ultimate Editions , the boxes are MUCH lower quality than last years . My wife unwrapped year 3 and the way they have it packaged is very flimsy and easy to tear , which she did . They added a holographic cover to both movies this year which looks great , but the way they have it packaged its going to rip and tear if you plan on watching your movies.Gone is the magnetic snap that clasped the case shut in years 1 and 2 . Both of these `` Ultimate '' Edition movies seem to be cheapened and lesser in quality not to mention the lack of extended editions of hte movie which is why MOST people purchased them in the first place.Warner Bros. knew that people were going to buy these , especially those that had already slapped down the money for Years 1 and 2 . Late last week I wrote a letter to Warner Bros. asking them why they decided to not include the extra content from the movies that we know exists -LRB- it runs on the family channel -RRB- . I do NOT suggest picking up Years 3 and 4 , even if you already own years 1 and 2 . 1 and 2 are totally worth the money , and are great sets even if you own the first two movies because they add to them . These sets add nothing are not worth the cost , and ruin what could have been an excellent set to own . . : -LRB-
 The reason I loved the first two ultimate editions was they included the `` Extended Edition '' of the films so that you could watch the movie with all the deleted scenes inserted into the film . I 'm glad I did n't impulse buy these -LRB- both Year 3 and Year 4 -RRB- before looking at the back . I ca n't believe WB thought they could release the first two with extended scenes and then skip out on the 2nd two . I wo n't be purchasing this to see the documentaries however tempting it might be . What a waste ! Do n't support WB until they add in the extra scenes .
 There are scenes missing from the dvd that were in the movie theater such as Harry falling asleep in divination class with the ladybug and how they explained about Barty Crouch . I hope they come out with a directors cut with the full movie version soon !
 I bought this DVD back in 2006 , and was about to screen it for the new generation of Potter-philes when I noticed that the entire aluminum layer of Disc 1 -LRB- the movie -RRB- was coverd by thousands of tiny black dots . On closer inspection , these turned out to be tiny pin-holes in the metal layer , which appears to be melting away . Disc 2 -LRB- special features -RRB- seemed perfectly fine.The disc still plays well , but I suspect that in the near future the holes will get big enough to defeat the error-correction function of the player . Needless to say , there is no legal way of creating a back-up copy of the disc while it still works - I seem to recall an offer to upgrade old DVDs to Blu-ray for a small fee , but it does n't seem to be available now .
 There are No additional scenes . It 's just a lot of packaging . It was a Major disappointment . Do n't waste your money .
 I thought getting the two disc set would be really great that it would have some great extra stuff ... not so much , I could have just bought the regular DVD and been just as happy ... was a waste of the extra cash ... oh well , live and learn ... the movie is great anyway !
 Ok , I love Harry Potter , both the books and movies . And I thought the fourth movie far surpassed the third . But what 's up with them all the sudden packaging the movie without bonus material ? You can only get it if you buy the `` Special Edition '' DVD - and it happens to cost twice the price of the non-bonus editions ! That 's a change from all three previous films in which bonus material was standard in all versions of the movie . I think it 's a rip off and a jerk move by Warner Bros. -LRB- or whoever 's in charge of this kind of thing -RRB- . They should know by now that people are willing to spend money on the Harry Potter franchise . Why try to take us for all we 're worth ? Because I for one bought the REGULAR widescreen edition , assuming that it would have bonus material , and I think many others did , too . I did n't even know there was a `` Special Edition '' until I saw a commercial a week after I bought it ! So now I have to buy it again just to get bonus material that probably is n't worth the extra $ 20 + . So if you have n't bought it yet , and you care anything about special features , then I suggest you save your time , money , and frustration by buying the `` Special Edition '' version first.At this rate , we 'll be lucky next time if we can buy the entire film in one package ! They 'll probably split it in two and charge us twice for it ... Curses Harry Potter Franchise !!!
 Contrary to what others may tell you , all this copy has is the Film itself , nothing more , nothing less . If you truely want a good copy , get the two-disc special edition . It has far more materieal , including Deleated Scenes ! So just spend a few dollars more and get more.Second of all , you do n't get a complete experience of watching the film in full screen , the only way to go is Widescreen . If you want full screen then get the VHS .
 Simply put
 The movie is needlessly dark and violent . For instance , we did n't need to see Voldemort chop off Wormtail 's hands . The filmmakers seemed to have forgotten these are children 's books . In fact , the problem , bizarre as it sounds , is that the director did n't understand the source material . For him magic is whiz-bang carnival tricks . But in the books magic is an everyday thing for the characters , not a fourth of July celebration.Victor Krum looks like he 's about 30 years old . The Durmstrang boys all look significantly older the Hogwarts boys . The Beauxbaton girls are dressed like Swedish flight attendants . Fleur is a seductress in the book but in the movie she 's a plain-looking girl who only gets to speak once . Both of the schools enter to cheesy choreographed routines that look like they came from Cirque du Soleil . And was it really necessary to have a gratuitous shot of the girls ' asses to let us know the boys were all worked up ? It 's more than a little skeezy objectivifying 14-year-old girls.The director is not at all comfortable with special effects . The underwater and maze scenes are just awful . You can see better watching any Saturday morning cartoon.Rita Skeeter added nothing to the story and only served to show up every so often to bring the plot to a screeching halt . Miranda Richardson vamps it up so much that her words take on an unnatural cadence . What results are n't even sentences . She totally , totally missed the mark . Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort and Brendan Gleeson as Mad Eye Moody are both excellent.And when did Ron become a hippie ?
 If you 've not read the book , then you will probably enjoy the movie with all the special effects and cute scenes.If you have read the book , like myself , you will be sorely disappointed . I loved the book and felt cheated upon exiting the theater.Let 's hope they do n't butcher the next book in the name of money .
 the dvd is ok , but the casing is badly damaged . it 's a frustration not able to have a proper casing to keep the dvd
 let me start by saying that Goblet of Fire is my favorite of all the books so far and that i was highly upset that WB would alow Newell to distroy such a wonderful story line . I dont mind that they cut out the whole Dursley stuff but come on they at least could have shown some of the Quiditch World cup , and what they did have seemed so rushed and badly filmed that they might as well have cut that out as well . and once we they get around to the first task they totaly change that as well . Instead of harry faceing the dragon in the cage like was in the book they have him flying around all of hogwarts like its an ordinary day . Harry doesnt even look the least bit scared that he is being chased by a dragon . and when he finally does retreave the egg he lands not even out of breath and barely even scratched up . The secound task did n't fare to much better . everything underwater was such a blur and the fact that the 2nd task lasted only a short 6 minutes added to my frustration . When we finally arive to the 3rd and final task I knew without a doubt that they would screw that up as well and sure enough three minutes into the task Harry and Cedric arive at the triwizard cup not even banged up ! whatever happened to the chalenges while in the maze ? they face absoultely no dangers . They run straight through to the end . And finally the big Duel that all the books thus far have led up to , did not live up to nothing . there was very little suspence , and when we finally get to see what Voldemort looks like , hes a laughing stock . to me he reminds me a alien wannabe . they didnt even give the guy a nose !!! he looked totaly rediculous . That being said i think that WB should have released the Goblet of Fire in 2 movies like they were originaly going to do . There is just too much major information and events that was cut from the book for the movie to make any since at all . If you ask me this is one movie that should never had been made , and now i am afraid of how they are going to distroy OOTP . I left the theater so pissed at myself for dishing out my $ 8 to see such trash !!!!!!
 And I only use that term because I feel that this movie is exactly that . The entire Qudditch World Cup took place in less than 2 minutes when in the book , it lasted chapters !!! In Sorcerer 's Stone they spent hours on stupid details the moviegoer did n't need , but nooo . In Goblet , they ca n't even put in the veelas ! -LRB- What 's up with that ? Fleur 's 1/2 veela , come ON ! -RRB- And they totally left out the sphenix in the maze . This movie is NOT that good , so just rent it people , please.Kendall
 Afte rthe rousing achievement that was PoA this was a HUGE disappointment . Ok , so the opening was all great & suspenseful , -LRB- did anyone but me think of Pyscho when you saw the Riddle house through the window ? -RRB- But it just went completely downhill from that point on . Harry , Ron , & Hermoine go off with everyone to the Quiddich World Cup , & all of a sudden , there back to Hogwarts , before you can even say Quiddich . Also , before anyone can even sit down to eat the 1st feast at Hogwarts , the other schools are being introduced ? WHOA , WHOA , WHOA ! Rewind , back up a sec . The projectionist has n't even had time to sit down yet . Plus , even though everyone knew who the villain really was , they could , -LRB- and should , -RRB- have added some mystery to it . The argument taht Harry set off teh Dark Mark was much too brief , too . It wen tlike , `` He did it . Harry - `` No I didn . '' Ok , that settles it , mov eon . Oh , also what was with Barty Crouchs ' voice being so high ? Did somebody kick him in the you know where ? But at the end of the movie he sound smore ... uh ... manly . Plus , as was said I did n't like Dumbledore . Ok , so he 's suppose to be Harry Potters friend , & perhaps mentor , & he 's shoving him against the wall ? I do n't think so . I thought Dumbledore was presented best in PoA , as well as it being the best film . The tasks were n't nearly as fun & enjoyable . The best , IMO , was the dragon , even though , as was said , it did n't even look like Harry was scared at all . Like , it was obviously not even there . The 2nd Task was way too fast & it was hard to see . Plus , the Merpeople looked like Medusa . Ok . The Yule Ball was ok , right up until they all started dancing to the Wyrd Sisters . I did n't know Krum headbanged . Oh , before I move on , when the schools weer introduced , what was with the dancing ? I thought I was watching Rent . Ok , back to the Yule Ball . All that was missing in it was a mosh pit . I was SO waiting for harry to get on stage & jump into the audience . My dad says they are trying to get a modern feel to the films , but , that was too much . Also concerning the Yule ball , I di wish they would have talked about the Giantess thing . Or taht the actress to play Madam Maxine was . . uh ... not as skeletal . She looked skinnier than Voldermort & he just got his body back . The maze was Shining-like , & fairly creepy , although , like was said , quite brief . Oh , & when Krum is under the spell of the Imperious Curse & his wand is lite he looks RIGHT AT HARRY , but DOES N'T SEE HIM !!! RIIIGHT ! Finally we get to what everyone was waiting for , Voldermort & the Death Eaters . But another HUGE joke that was . I had heard Ralph Fiennes eats up this role with his slimy evilness , , so I was REALLY looking forward to it . But , those reviewers must have been seeing a different movie . What I saw almost made me laugh out loud it was so ridiculous . I think , 1st of all , he needed the red eyes to make him look scary . The blue just did n't make it , & the nose was n't enough . I said it a few times beforee , this scene will make or break the movie . Although , truth be told , this scene could have been great & everything else would still have been laughable . The Death Eaters looked like they just came from a Masquerade ball . The only saving grace of this film was Mad Eye Moody , even though we knew who he was , so there was no suspense . I have heard people say that he was too harsh & grouchy . But , hello , in the book , whenever he spoke , Rowling would say , `` he growled . '' So you , -LRB- or I did , -RRB- assumed he was always ... for lack of a better word , moody . I also read that teachers would never do something like that to students , -LRB- think Neville . -RRB- Well , my comment to people who have called Moddy 's character a masochist , is , he 's suppose to be unorthodox . Just look at what he did to Draco . Oh ... one fianl note , when th eimposter was revealed , -LRB- well , ok , revealed to Harry & the characters , not to the audience , -RRB- his face MELTED ! I was reminded of that dream sequence in Poltergeist when the guy rips his face off . Ok , sure it was scary for kids , but anyone past the age of 15 is gnna find it all silly . The great thing about the books , -LRB- and 1st 3 films , -RRB- is , no matter what age , it 's not silly . Ok , maybe the werewolf thing in PoA was silly . But , that 's another review .
 I too purchased the Target $ 3.98 copyand found it to be missing so much of the orginal movie that I am returning it . I reviewed the box it came in yet there is no mention of a ` cut ' version . Shame on Target for passing this off as the movie without notifying customers of the cut verion .
 Let me preface this by stating I am an eclectic practitioner , and in spite of that I enjoyed the first three movies enough to purchase them.I did n't see GOF in the theatre , but I bought the DVD anyway thinking it would be of equal quality . It is not . The writing competes with the direction for the title of bad.They could have cut out a large portion of boring fluff . I literally fell asleep watching it . Save your money .
 I was incredibly disappointed with this film ! Goblet of Fire is my favorite book of the series , but the movie absolutely massacred the story ! Most of Rita Skeeter 's storyline was cut , the maze at the end was a joke , and the Dursleys ' were left out altogether ! This is a perfect example that a hastily slapped-together movie is simply no substitution for a fantastic book . Sadly , there were be tons of people who will see this film and skip the book , and will never experience how wonderful the book truly is .
 First off , I have to say that I loved the first 2 movies.I was severly disappointed by the third movie . I think it was a hack job and only mildly entertaining . This one , while better than PoA , is still kind of a PoS.Why is it these directors keep on insisting on draining as much color out of these movies as they can ? This seems to play down the darkness when something evil happens , since it feels so dreary anyways.Second , this movie should have been broken into 2 parts . Initially it was going to be , however after speaking to Alfonse Curan , this director decided to make it as short as possible.I think someone should have decided long before it hit the theaters , to so something like what they did with lord of the rings and come up with an extended edition with extra footage.This series isnt over yet with the books . Therefore the movies cant know what to cut and what to leave in . Sometimes the most minute detail will come back later on , and then you go . . Aha!These directors need to make the film their own , I do agree with that , however there is a fine line on what should be cut , and what shouldnt be messed with . This movie felt like it was just a bunch of snippets thrown together . There was no real tension anywhere cause it just bounced everywhere.You can claim that the dragon fighting scene was tense , but i say since everyone knows that there are 2 more books , that Harry doesnt die kinda ruins any moment of suspense . It was a brilliant scene , but over extended -LRB- Similar to the Gryphon flight in the 3rd movie -RRB- I wish instead of trying to make a movie fit into 2.5 hours , they would try to make a quality picture ... and give it at least 3 hours or so . In both pictures , just 15-20 minutes could have added an enormous amount of depth and made them both worthy successors to the first 2 . If they try to cram OoP into 2.5 hours , I will not see it . They are continuing to choose ADHD viewing over integrity.Peter Jackson was in love with Lord of The Rings . He wanted to do it justice , while at the same time making the movie his own . Then on DVD release , he also made it the fans by offering them a lil bit more of what they wanted.I think these people who cut and cut and cut what they think are unimportant things just to fit it into 2.5 hours , really should NOT direct anymore . GoF was one of my favorite books in the series , and as a movie left me wanting more . Cutting out Winky was pointless ... instead they give us a 5 minute scene of harry looking at a ten graveyard . Subtle differences , like making a tongue flicker , or moving the weasleys to a lower seet , or making Krum appear egotistical in his opening shot ... why change such subtle things . There is no reason , and it doesnt upset their precious time crunch . I think they are taking too many liberties , and I wish they would make a movie worthy of belonging to this franchise .
 This was a great movie in the theatre , even though they left out about 30 % of the book . My biggest beef with this Widescreen edition is the fact that they took out ANOTHER hour of the movie !! The DVD case states that the movie is 159 minutes . Well the credits end at closer to 99 minutes . The DVD case also states that the special features are not rated or closed captioned . There ARE no special features !! This is a terrible knockoff of the movie . My wife is on her way to take it back to the store so we can try and get the deluxe 2-disk edition in the hopes that they actually had the whole movie . I do n't see why you would waste a dual-layer DVD with 99 minutes of content and 0 special features . Sad . Very sad .
 I 'm very big fan of Harry Potter series -LRB- book -RRB- that 's why my soul is in pain every time they choose horrible directors than seem not to have ever , ever touch a Harry Potter book in their life . The movie mutilates the book , I know they ca n't do a 4 hours movie , but they can do it in 2 parts of 2 hours so you do not loose important sub-plot , like the relationship , between Harry and Sirius , or the fact that in the movie Albus Dumbledore act as I thought the Albus Dumbledore would never in my wildest dreams would act , pushing Harry around , and I now that if you are a fan of this books you should have cry in that part too.In conclusion this movie was made for people who never read the book , never will read the book and do not care about it at all .
 My lousy score does not reflect the movie at all . In fact the movie was a pretty decent solution to handling the gargantuan problem of turning a behemoth , plot intricate book -LRB- My personal fave of the series -RRB- into a two plus hour movie . -LRB- Disredarding several COMPLETELY out of character Dumbledore scenes -RRB- No , rather I 'm giving this dvd a lousy score because of the ridiculous sales tactics of Warner Brothers home video . What gives Warner the right to charge an extra five or six bucks for special features ? No , seriously . This DVD is JUST the movie . Nothing else . If you want the extra features you have to buy the `` special '' version , something new for the Harry Potter series . It 's funny , I do n't recall having to pay extra for special features on the other Harry Potter flicks , or any other new DVD releases either for that matter . I guess Warner considers its customers to be pretty gullible and sadly when I see the `` Special '' version of GOF is in the top seller list I guess the underhanded tactics are paying off . It 's only a matter of time before this sends a message to the other video companies that it 's okay to shaft the consumer . Congratulations Warner , this is the best movie I have ever had to boycot on DVD .
 In a nutshell
 the worst of the serie.I liked the 3 first ones but this one is a waste of time and money.It is totaly boring with lack of g&eacute;nious and inspiration.I will be cautious buying the next one to come . . if it comes .
 The Harry Potter movies have been an everlasting source of comfort for me . I was always promised a good faithful script , nice acting , and stunning visuals . But ... Something along the road did n't quite work for Goblet of Fire . What did n't work , however ? The first three movies ran smoothly , were great , and did n't have any problems . What happened?It 's Harry 's fourth year at Hogwarts , and sometime has passed since he last heard from Voldemort . But quite suddenly , Voldemort supporters start springing up , promising terrifying results . On top of that , Hogwarts is hosting the Tri-Wizard tournament ; a Wizarding competition ... And Harry might just have his first crush ... Now before I start with the bad , let me start off with the good ... It 's always best to start that way now is n't it?Rupert Grint gives a solid performance as Ron Weasley . He might just be the best young actor in the entire cast . He delivers his lines precisely , as great facial expressions , and is just a way to watch on film . Robert Pattinson does a fine job as Cedric Diggory , and makes a welcome , -LRB- if not short -RRB- addition to the cast . Oliver and James Phelps are back as the two Twins , and are hilarious once again . Tom Felton shows true professionalism as he steals every scene he 's in , even if he only has three lines in the entire movie!As far as adult actors go , Jason Isaacs as Lucius Malfoy and Alan Rickman as Severus Snape steal the scenes they 're in . Jason is devilish as Mr. Malfoy , and nobody could play Severus as Alan can . But it 's truly Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort that 's the wonderous performance . Ralph has always been a favorite as mine , and he practically is Voldemort . Mr. Fiennes 's acting is superb , as you find you ca n't take your eyes off of him ... even if he has no nose ... But all reviews have to have a negative side ; even in the case of Harry Potter.I can not fathom any idea as to what happened to Emma Watson . Her acting vastly improved in Prisoner of Azkaban , and she was showing promising results as Miss Granger . But suddenly , it was like as if she had suddenly taken a class on how not to act . In every scene Miss Watson is in , she 's either A -RRB- Looking as if she 's ready to cry , B -RRB- Getting ready to yell at someone , or C -RRB- Smirking very stupidly into the camera . What happened ? As my title suggests ... Perhaps it was the script ? Surely the script however , does not give word for word what expression to use at every second however ! Hermione Granger has left the building , and we have indeed been left with an empty shell.The same thing goes for Daniel Radcliff ; his acting even takes a detour ! He only has one expression on the entire time of the movie , and comes across as very bland indeed . Miranda Richardson as Rita Skeeter was an atrocious mistake on every level . She hams the role up too much ; the acting coming across much too over the top . Also , what was up with Dumbledore ? I love the Michael Gambon as Dumbledore , but who decided to make him bland ? He 's supposed to be warm and fuzzy , but in this movie comes across very cold and unsympathetic . We can only blame this on a bad script.The visuals in the film are nothing to write home about . Everything looks positively dark and dreary ; which is n't very appealing to the eye . In turn this makes the viewer of the film bored , as stunning visuals grab the viewers ; but there are n't any here . And I know Goblet of Fire is supposed to be dark , but is was too overly dark and depressing and not appealing to the eye at all.It also seems the Magic takes a backseat in this flim . As another reviewer said , this movie is more like a movie about a School and Hormonal teens then it is about magic . The Yule Ball gets more screen time then it 's worth ; including a very stupid shot of Miss Watson walking down the steps in a pretty pink gown . The movie focuses more on Hormones and Death , and that 's not what makes the Harry Potter franchise ... Harry Potter.Also , there 's no Special Features . Seems you have to buy the 2-Disc special edition to get any . Which is bad if you already went and shelled out Twenty bucks for this version ; to go out and shell out almost 40 is quite stupid indeed.Me
 Worst of the 4 movies and a dissapointment . Too much movie time wasted on unimportant happenings while truly entertaining things from the book were completely left out . Did we really need to waste so much time watching the Weasleys walking through the woods or climbing up all those steps at the World Cup ? was the Yule ball really that important to the plot that so much time was devoted to it ? What was up with the dragon getting loose and chasing Harry all over Hogwarts ? Why add long scenes that did n't even happen in the book ? or why drag out scenes -LRB- the bathtub scene -RRB- that could have been kept short so other scenes could have also been included ? I would have preferred that they had spent a little more time working on the screenplay to make a more cohesive film that made more sense . It would be hard to cut the book to a 21/2 hour movie but I think it could have been done much better and made more entertaining . The Weasleys getting stuck in the Dursleys fireplace would have been great . The movie needed more of the magic and delight present in some of the other movies . I can rewatch every Harry Potter movie over and over and still not get bored ... except for this latest one . I find my attention wandering away . It just does n't `` feel '' like Harry Potter ... It has a few good moments ... but jumps around too much .
 I gave it one star because at least they did n't mess up the title - plus you ca n't give it any less.A proud Harry Potter fan - of both the books and the first three movies , I can only hope to wipe away as much of my memory of this fourth movie as one can.I understand that video is a different type of medium than literature . I even understand that movies have to take a certain liberty in order to portray the many imagined scenes of books . What I Do NOT understand is why you need to spend over two hours of my life showing me what you can do with a large budget.The point of the Potter books is that they are kids books with an entertaining story line - that focuses mostly on the characters and little on the world.Most of the movie consisted of special effects and very little talking . The story did not cohere . The end was the same as the begining and the middle . And the best acting job was done by Voldemort . I always felt the rest of the actors did a good job in the previous movies - however it seems the director of this movie only wanted them to make faces and occasionally yell a line.They did n't even tell the story . It jumped from one scene to the next without even explaining ANYTHING ! I only hope that the 5th movie can redeem this one.On my list of Craptacular movies this is definitely # 1 , it is even worse than Star Wars Episode 2 -LRB- clone wars -RRB- , Rocky V , and The Punisher . In fact I would prefer to watch Season 7 of Buffy 3x through rather than have to watch this horrible interpretation of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.I 'm going to have to reread the book just to forget this horrible depiction .
 How far is Hollywood going to go ? Now there isnt even dvd extras on the dvd ?! It was bad enough when they started charging for a full screen edition and a widescreen edition . Now this ??? Hollywood - listen to this - your just -LRB- ... -RRB- people off , stop shafting your customers - and you wonder why people invented file sharing . i hope they get the best of ya ! As for the movie , in the theater it was ok but it was lacking any flow . The third movie definately was better .
 I realize that there is a time limit , but would it have been so very impossible to make a film that actually makes sense ? I spent most of the time whispering explanations to those who never read the books -LRB- though they had seen all the films at least ten times each -RRB- . Apart from that the transitions were non-existent , making for a very choppy movie . It seemed that the movie tried to satisfy the fans by adding all the favorite scenes -LRB- the ferret ! -RRB- but they failed . The scenes make little to no sense without the rest of the plot . They also tried to please someone with the hugely overdone dragon scene . It was idiotic . Where was the need for it ? Could n't they have just shortened that scene and a few other similarly overdone scenes , and instead , added a few transitions to make this movie run more smoothly ? Would that have been too much work?I just home no. 5 will be better .
 After the extended cuts presented in volumes 1 and 2 of the ultimate edition releases -LRB- which are indeed the only reasons I began collecting the ultimate editions -RRB- , volumes three to six are incredibly disappointing . If you do not own the films , or do not own them on blu-ray , the ultimate editions may be worth purchasing and for this I am giving it an extra star beyond the first . However , the precedent set in the first 2 releases leaves this one so incredibly disappointing that I feel I was cheated out of my money when I ordered volumes 3-6 to watch before the DH2 premiere .
 I confess I too was horribly disappointed to learn that the latest installations of the `` Ultimate Editions '' of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Goblet of Fire would not be released in extended cuts . I had placed both of these films on my `` wishlist '' for Christmas . I immediately contacted my family members and told them to scratch them off of that list . I would not have people I care about wasting nearly $ 80 of their hard earned money on movies that I already own . It is sad too , those movies had great additional scenes - one of my favorites being Snape busting students at the Yule Ball -LRB- in the Goblet of Fire -RRB- for snogging outside . I could n't wait to see that added back into the movie.I have read the statements where Warner 's claimed that the directors from films 3 and 4 declined to add these scenes back in . Whether this is true or not is irrelevant . The extended versions of these movies exist on ABC Family , which means that someone somewhere HAS re-edited the films to include these scenes . Why did n't Warner 's use those versions for an extended version disc ? The ABC Fam versions are obviously `` legal '' since they show them regularly.Personally , I am no great fan of all the `` extras '' . The only thing that tempts me into buying a movie i already own is if the film is going to be extended , and they interview the actors that I like to discuss some aspect of their character . In the case with these films , neither occurred . They did n't have extended versions of the movie nor interviews with Alan Rickman -LRB- or many of the other older actors -RRB- . One thing needs to be noted by the studio here ... not all Harry Potter fans are children . Some of us are adults who enjoy watching the trained thespians in the films that we have enjoyed for decades . Sometimes I feel like we are slighted when it comes to these boxed sets . ALL the materials seem to be geared toward children . I do n't mind some interviews with the younger actors , but they need to also accommodate the older viewers . As with the UK versions of the books , they should have Child and Adult versions of the films . `` Adult '' meaning that the extras would contain information that viewers beyond their teenage years would
 I will not be participating in this obvious Rip Off . Blatant and disappointing!WB you can keep 3 and 4 ! Shame on you !
 Buying this was a waste of money as there is no extended version which is the only reason I bought the first 2 ultimate editions . After watching the documentary , it seems that there is a fair amount of it that is recycled from previous behind the scenes material and that sort of thing . Save your money !!
 A rabid Harry Potter fan , I 've never liked the film adaptations of the books -LRB- with the possible exception of PoA -RRB- as they 've never really been true to the storyline of the novels or to the characters . Yes I understand that quite a few things must be cut out , but it was never done neatly , and the story never really held together.The Goblet of Fire film adaptation follows in that tradition . The movie felt like scenes and snapshots randomly thrown together , there was no real sense of continuity - this may have been partly due to the fact that each scene lasted about 5 seconds . You get this impression that the storyline is being squeezed in , that they were just rushing through scenes as if they wanted to get through them quickly without taking up too much reel space or something.The Quidditch World Cup ?! They totally skipped it . One moment you have the audience waiting in anticipation as the announcer -LRB- no Ludo Bagman -RRB- speaks , then the players fly in ... and then cut to Harry , Hermione and the Weasleys celebrating Ireland 's victory back in their tent -LRB- just one tent in the movie -RRB- . That was so unbelievably disappointing , even though I did n't like the way they filmed the Quidditch matches in previous films -LRB- all that fouling seemed condoned -RRB- . The arrival of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students is weirdly dramatic - it seems all the Beauxbatons students are girls -LRB- WRONG , try again - Rowling specifically mentions male Beauxbatons students in the books -RRB- and all the Durmstrang students boys -LRB- oops wrong again - a Durmstrang girl is in fact mentioned in the books -RRB- . Then it seems that all of the Beauxbatons girls are as beautiful and fairy-like as veela , and the Durmstrang boys put on this odd martial arts display.Then the Goblet of Fire scene , when the champions are announced ... WHAT was Michael Gambon thinking ? First of all , I 've always disliked that ponytail beard of his , and I never liked his portrayal of Dumbledore too much . In this film there 's this astonishing scene in which Dumbledore shakes Harry and shouts at him , demanding if he put his name in the Goblet . Does this ring true to Dumbledore 's character to anyone ? I was appalled ; Dumbledore does n't lose his temper when he 's about to be murdered for God 's sake , and they want him to start screaming when Harry breaks school rules ? Later at the Leaving Feast , Dumbledore says a little speech in Cedric 's honor , completely lacking in force or emotion of any kind , as if he 's merely reciting his lines and then adding some gestures as an afterthought . There 's none of Rowling 's powerful language and drama and suspense in this film . None of it.The Goblet of Fire plotline was massacred . I know the storyline is extremely complex , but it IS manageable ! Did n't Peter Jackson prove that when he adapted the LOTR trilogy so brilliantly ? He did miss out some sections , but he pulled the story together so perfectly that in the end he really did justice to the novels . There was no backstory whatsoever about the two Crouch men , no explanation of motives , and when Neville starts shaking in DADA class it makes you think they 'll explain why , because otherwise his behaviour would be baffling to the audience -LRB- those who have n't read the books -RRB- . No , there 's no explanation . In the trial scene in the Pensieve -LRB- two scenes condensed to one , but that 's perfectly understandable -RRB- , there 's only one reference to Frank and Alice Longbottom , and you wo n't catch it unless you know the story already.Voldemort ... I felt embarrassed . He is the most unimpressive fantasy villain ever depicted on screen -LRB- I have n't seen the Narnia movie so that is n't included in the comparison -RRB- . Ralph Fiennes is a great actor , but he was completely out of his element in this role . Voldemort , like Dumbledore , lacked any real stage presence or force of character , and Fiennes employed dramatic poses and gestures that looked completely idiotic . When Voldemort started melodramatically leaping about the graveyard and yelling , I started laughing . The direction was the biggest problem I think - I 've seen Fiennes in other movies , and he 's talented . Admittedly Voldemort is a tough character for anyone to portray , but then so is Saruman , and Christopher Lee nailed him in that performance . Both Lee and director Jackson were LOTR fans , so I assume they took a lot of trouble understanding the characters . In any case , Voldemort was even more disappointing than Dumbledore . Moody was also carelessly portrayed , and they hardly took the trouble to make his eye look like a real one , instead strapping some pirate-style thing over his forehead to attach to his eye.The only time I felt anything at all was when Harry returned with Cedric 's body and Amos Diggory said `` My son ! '' - I admit I did get a bit teary-eyed then . Cedric Diggory , Cho Chang and Viktor Krum were good , Fleur a bit too dull ; I had imagined a sparkling young person with icy indifference to people around her , but never dull or boring , or lacking in vitality.On a related note , Hermione is becoming way too pretty . Hollywood is such a sell-out ; they 're so obsessed with having everyone look good in movies they disregard the fact that , in this film at least , some characters are n't supposed to look like movie stars . Hermione was great in the first two movies , but she 's becoming more and more lacquered and doll-like . They 've made her hair fall in these beautiful ringlets rather than made it look unkempt and bushy - which is how it 's supposed to look . I honestly was n't so shocked when i saw her at the Yule Ball , because she looks like that in all of the shots in the movie . It 's the same with Harry - the first thing I ever noticed abt him in the first movie was that his hair was all neatly combed . And Ron 's character was once again sidelined - he 's never given the same prominence and respect that the novels give him.All in all , a predictable massacre of the Harry Potter world . Hollywood evidently has the money to create the perfect sets , but the producers , writers and directors involved in these movies so far clearly do n't have the vision . Maybe if they had commissioned J K Rowling to write the screenplay it would have been a few million times better . Unfortunately for all of us , they just did n't .
 I pre-ordered both the ultimate editions of Harry Potter movies 3 and 4 believing they would be the extended versions like movies 1 and 2 . They are NOT the extended versions . Why they give the extended version for 1 and 2 , but not 3 and 4 is beyond me . Almost seems like a trick with 1 and 2 to get you to buy 3 and 4 . No matter what the reason , bad show WB for treating your customers this way.I only hope I can still return them after I broke the seal wrapping.If you want the extended versions -- do NOT buy these , you will only get the original version .
 I was soooo disappointed to see that an extended movie version was not included as it was in # 1 and # 2 HP movie ULTIMATE edition . BUMMER !! I already have a DVD released years ago with the deleted scenes included in this edition . BIG disappointment !!
 Like so many of you , I was delighted when the Harry Potter Ultimate Editions were announced . I had waited for them for years because they add so much to the films , filling in what is sometimes otherwise a choppy story line . I purchased Ultimate Editions 1 & 2 and was more than satisfied . I could n't wait to get the next releases . As soon as 3 & 4 came out for pre-order , I signed up . Then , I saw the reviews saying the extended versions were not included . I double-checked to see if that was accurate . I cancelled my orders!Shame on WB ! To advertise these as `` ultimate '' editions ... to tell us that the extended versions would be a part of these editions ... and then , to chince the fans out of what they have been pleading for !???? I was really looking forward to having the full set of extended edition Harry Potter movies , even with Michael Gambon completely destroying the character of Dumbledore -LRB- Note
 I 'm very upset that this `` Ultimate Edition '' does not contain the Extended Version of the movie . What a let down ! What a setup because the HP Ultimate Editions 1 & 2 did contain the Extended Version .
 I was very excited when my wife presented me with the ultimate edtion blu-rays for the third and forth harry potter flims , my excitement quicly faded when I came to realize these were nothing like the first two in the `` ultimate '' series . Unlike the first two there is no addtional scenes edited into the films making the rest of the five hours of extras look as sad and tasteless and the flimsy child 's deatheater mask that came with another of thier products . What adds insult to injury for me since it was a gift i ca n't return it for my money or set it on fire to sooth the burn I feel from being bait and switched by this company . So I 'm stuck with them but I 'll not be giving them anymore of my money any time soon and I will be urging others to the same.If you agree please go the WB 's site and give them the review at home , I did , and now to cut and paste to E-bay review . I ca n't get my money but I can sread the hate around .
 I was very disappointed in this movie . This my fav . book of all the Harry Potter books . I think people should read the book before seeing the movie , as it is hard to know what is going on other wise . The movie moves to fast . It is a very long book , so I know they could not get everything in , but they missed alot . I really did not like the person who played Dumbledore . I like him in the first movies , and I know he died but they should have gotten someone like him . Very dark , fast moveing . They make you pay for extra 's like games etc. even if you do not want them . Was not happy with this movie .
 I ca n't believe I was such an idiot ! I saw this on sale and snatched it up , only pausing to make sure it was widescreen . Wow . One disc and no special features . What a waste of money ! Now I have to go find the two-disc and shell out more cash . Why did they make two versions ? They have n't done this in the past with the last three films . I would rather pay a few extra bucks and have two discs . Now I have to buy the whole thing all over again.The rating is for this particular product , not the movie itself .
 I know you ca n't take a book as long as this one and include every single scene.But , they could have at least tried to make some attempt to preserve what was so good about the book in the first place.The story in the book is much more complicated and interesting than in the movie . It 's as if they took an orange , scooped out all the pulp , poured in water , high fructose corn syrup and artificial orange flavour and said , here you go , here 's an orange.They made too many cuts to the story that did n't add to the plot and added things that were n't in the book that did nothing to move the story along.Too many unnessasary changes just makes for a messy movie which is confusing to all who have n't read the book.I say , just skip this movie . It 's good in terms of visuals , but when it comes to standing up to the book , it fails .
 It 's Emma WATSON ! I mean come on ! And it 's Daniel Radcliffe ! Not Daniel Radcliff ! How could some one make a mistake like that ?!
 This is the worst movie of 2005/6 . I cant believe that Daniel radcliffe could even be asked to come back and continue to play his role in the movies . His acting is beyond amateur . He has no facial expressions , and he is just plain boring , his voice and his posture is atrocious . As for emma watson , what is with the constant angriness ? In almost every scene she seems to be shouting , or crying , or being angry . Well she needs to learn that harry potter is not some hollwyood blockbuster drama , but a childrens comedy , and by her acting in the movie , she just clarifies that she doesnt have the skills to do any other movies . Ronald boy is a freak , he is so repetetive in his acting , and he needs a pore cleansing regime .
 This damn author of these books should realize that she is just copying the Star Wars storyline , get some of your own ideas lady
 All of the Harry Potter movies -LRB- as well as the books -RRB- are artless adolescent , `` no-rules '' fantasy composed of pubescent cultural drek of interest only to those newly familiarizing themselves with incipient secretions of estrogen and testosterone . Mature adults , stay away unless you consider gagging and retching forms of entertainment.The most recent -LRB- ... Goblet of Fire -RRB- is actually the worst - mostly for the length of time -LRB- 2.5 hrs . -RRB- it takes to pass . Rawlings is no Tolkien , and director Newell provided no improvements . The special effects - especially flying - are too fast and furious to be appreciated as anything but blurs . If you must see this travesty , complete the experience with stale popcorn .
 Uuughh . Like all the Harry Potter movies , this movie was absolutely RUBBISH . It was a complete joke . And the acting , oh come on . Do you people have eyes ?????????????? Both Daniel Radcliffe and Emma watson are HORRIBLE . Rupert has the best potential of the three , even though that 's not much . The one actor in this movie I found was actually okay was Rob Pattinson or something , a shame his character died.I read the books , I 'm fan Numbahr Uno when it comes to the books . I 've read them about a thousand times . I 've even seen the movies a thousand times , though they are certainly not the best movies in the world.But this , this was the absolute worst . What the hell was with the dragon chase scene ??? It was all about showing off the special effects and that it what bothers me . Lord of the Rings for example was made to tell a story . Harry Potter movies are made to earn money.And luckily the next movie has a different screen writer , it still give me some small amount of hope , maybe Movie 5 will sweep me of my feet . But that 's probably not going to happen .
 This is BY FAR the worst of all four . I sincerely hope the fifth movie is better . If it is n't , I might have to write to the director and tell them that they might as well not waste any more money on a sixth . They sure wasted a lot on this one .
 This movie looks great , but I really had no idea what the plot was about . Who the heck is Barty Crouch Junior?Th weakest of the series .
 Remember when you went to see this movie in the theater ? It was almost three hours long , if my memory serves me . When you buy the DVD you would assume , unless told otherwise , that you are getting AT LEAST as much material as the film version . But not so with this movie ! I was very disappointed to find that they had cut material throughout this movie to bring the viewing time under 2 hours . This was painfully obvious to me from the very first scene to the last , and I only saw the movie once in the theater ; I ca n't imagine what a disappointment this is going to be to the REAL fans who may have seen it numerous times . I say save your money until they come out with the FULL movie ... which I think they eventually will , after this sham of a version has gotten all the money out of the marketplace that it can . I feel so cheated with this DVD that I am compelled to write my first review , and I hope it helps you avoid wasting your money like I did .
 Well , Everyone seems to enjoy taking this opportunity to voice their opinion about all sorts of things so I 'll start by doing the same ! First , 467 reviews for a DVD that has n't been released yet has got to be an Amazon record . Second , it 's painfully obvious that some people have way too much time on their hands and submit multiple reviews . Just read all the `` A Kid 's review `` s for example - I think most are from the same person - and I doubt a kid . Too many comments that just do n't sound like a kid at all . And I 'm not fooled by the juvenile remarks and misspellings . While I 'm on the subject , read all the 5 star reviews and ask yourself if the reviewer really liked THIS movie and DVD , or if they just obviously like all things Harry Potter.I am a real person and I have just seen this movie . I rented it to see if I would buy it like I have the others . I will not be . I wanted to like it , but sadly it is terrible . And it 's not got anything to do with the book or the other movies ! A movie should be able to stand on it 's own even if one has not read any of the books or seen any of the other movies . And it 's there that this movie fails the most . Unexplained characters , unexplained dialogue , unexplained plots . Actually , if you simply read the description of the movie as posted in this listing , you can save yourself the time as that 's pretty much the movie.I liked all three of the other movies , but this one really has me scratching my head . I could barely follow it
 There is a lot of `` paid '' hype behind this HP installment , there has to be as none of the hype surrounding this film turned out to be for real . This was by far a very dark Harry Potter and definitely not for younger viewers . This film came very close to earning an `` R '' rating and I have no doubt they had to do some extensive editing to prevent it.Besides the `` blood and guts '' aspects of this film , I found it to be the most boring installment yet , even more boring than # 2/Chamber of Secrets . There is a long period in this film where absolutely nothing important to the story happens . We see a tiff break out between Ron and Harry that lasts for quite some time in the film and ends without reason.There was a lot of hype in the film itself about how dangerous the Tri Wizards tournament would be , yet we found the tournament was n't dangerous at all , it was quite dull by HP standards . The only dangers were to Harry Potter in the background story which had nothing to do with the tournament itself.Poorly scripted and weak on story , the production company has but two choices
 Harry Potter is getting too old , and I even think he is gaining weight -LRB- right along with the rest of the cast -RRB- . I am not sure that I can handle 2 hours of the British accent , and the whole thing is totally predictable if you read the book , they hardly make any changes ... nice try guys . But a big ZERO for me!One last thought for those considering whether to watch this movie , -LRB- and I am not trying to be critical here , just honest ... every movie deserves at least three stars because someone worked very hard to get it on the big screen and then on DVD , and besides I do n't think we should be judging everyone . -RRB- do n't you think we have seen enough Harry Potter for awhile ? Its getting stupid .
 I did n't get the chance to see the movie in the theater , but I got the regular -LRB- 1-disk -RRB- DVD , and watched it in hopes of a pretty good movie . I was sorely dissapointed.The script cut out so many scenes and bits of information , that I was furious by the time the movie was over . From what I remember of the book , compared to what I saw in the movie , I would say about 50 % or possibly more of the book was cut . I understand the need to cut out pieces so the movie can fit in a decent time frame . That was done with all 3 previous movies . But they flowed well , had a balance of what was left in and what was taken out to still be understood , and follow the underlying currents around the main storyline.In `` Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire '' , the script was horrendous . From the beginning , there is very little of the Quidditch game , when what happens at the game sets the tone of the book . You do n't see any muggles , who are supposed to be floating in the air later by Death Eaters , who then scatter when someone sets off the Dark Mark in the sky . Harry initially has his wand taken from him from where he is sitting in the stands , and Fred and George make bets with Bagman , who later seems disturbed , especially since he owes some Goblins . Throughout the book , Harry , Ron , and Hermione see Fred and George trying to talk to Bagman or get their money back from him . After the event , Harry , Ron , and Hermione get separated from the rest of Ron 's family , and are supposed to see the Dark Mark . Plus when Ron 's dad and the rest of the Ministry appear to apprehend whoever set off the Dark Mark , Harry points over to some bushes , and Crouch 's house-elf Winky is caught holding Harry 's wand , which is tested and it is proven that his wand made the Dark Mark . Crouch gets embarassed/upset and boots Winky from his home.There is no mention of the visitors from the two other magickal schools before they make their theatrical appearances , and you never see any of the school classes . Also in this book , Hermione is supposed to start her crusade for the freedom of the house-elves , and Dobby -LRB- previously Malfoy 's house-elf -RRB- has semi-befriended Winky , and Winky 's ramblings help Harry and his friends realize Mr. Crouch and his family has quite a bit to do with what is going on.Also , yes they introduce Rita Skeeter , but in this book , Hermione ca n't understand how Rita is writing stories about incidents she could n't possibly overhear , such as when Harry 's scar hurts him in Prof. Trelawny 's class , and after the second task when Krum is sitting with Hermione and pulls a bug from her hair after asking her something about keeping in touch with him . Hermione finds out Rita 's secret , and catches her , which has quite a bit to do with the fifth book.Also , they only show Mr. Crouch dead , they never show Harry finding him , and Mr. Crouch out of his mind , and they never show Percy -LRB- Ron 's brother -RRB- coming to be a judge for the Tri-Wizard Tournament . They also never have Ron 's mother and siblings show up to support Harry for the 3rd Task -LRB- the maze -RRB- . Finally , near the end , once Harry returns with Cedric 's body , they never show Fudge getting frustrated with Dumbledore , and incessantly insisting that there is no possible way You-Know-Who could have returned , Fudge giving Harry the gold for winning the Tournament , Harry giving the winning galleons to Fred & Geroge for the creation of their joke shop , and Dumbledore asking Mrs. Weasley and others to help Dumbledore spread the word that Voldemort 's back . So when you see Dumbledore talking to Harry and saying that `` hopefully people will do what 's right and not what 's easy '' you would understand the reasons behind him saying that.There was so much left out , that I felt it almost defeated the whole purpose of creating this movie in the first place . This book/story is not just about the Tri-Wizard Tournament . It is about so much more , and the parts missing tie into the fifth book , if not the sixth and seventh probably as well.I do n't know what Warner Brothers , J. K. Rowling , and the director were thinking about when creating the script and making this film , but I am horribly dissapointed and upset . If you only want to watch this movie for the extras and the fancy CGI Graphics , then by all means buy it . But if you want something that feels like the book , and you can see in your mind as you 're reading the book , then I doubt you 'll like this.People , CGI graphics and 3-4 action sequences do not make a movie , and I feel that is what this is , deplorably . I would willingly watch a 3 to 31/2 hour movie if it had more of what is characteristic of J. K. Rowling in it . This did n't have it .
 I ordered this to replace a missing copy for our home collection . The HP movies are our favorites , and we watch them often . I loaned Goblet to someone , ca n't remember who , and it 's been more than a year . I finally decided to admit it 's not coming home , and ordering a new one . Unfortunatly , you get what you pay for here . I was excited to find a coopy for around five dollars -LRB- and did n't think twice about it , since Blue Ray is becoming popular , and it 's an older movie now -RRB- but when we watched it last week , the DVD plays , but skips and catches every 10 minutes or so and the picture looks ` off ' . I have n't bothered trying to replace it , since it was only a few dollars , but I will be looking for a real copy soon .
 No extended cut , no 6.1 audio , no point ! Nothing `` Ultimate '' here . Way to drop the ball Warner Bros. .
 Like many of you who purchased the first two ultimate editions at a pretty penny , i was expecting extended editions of movies 3 and 4 . What a disappointment ! Were the big wigs at WB thinking that their fans would triple dip editions when they bring out all films in one super ultimate collection ? I already owned all of the HP on Blu , but sold them when i started buying the Ultimate editions . I will NOT be purchasing 3 and 4 . Very poor on WB 's part to say its ultimate , and include 8 hours of bonus materials , but not the few extra scenes that regularly show on TV . Very poor indeed .
 Unlike the first two potter films released in `` Ultimate Edition '' form , the second two versions do not include their extended editions . This might not be a legitimate complaint if these versions of the films did n't already exist . In the US , they are aired quite regularly on ABC Family , and are quite good.These extended editions of the film make the price point of the first two versions palatable , but their absence makes you wonder what exactly you 're paying for with both this and the ultimate edition of PoA .
 Warner Bros. has shown us the dark side of the entertainment business by releasing this `` Ultimate Edition '' without the extended version . It 's unfortunate they will still make money on these flawed editions from people who were pleased with the year one and year two sets -LRB- as was I -RRB- , which included both the theatrical and extended films , who will feel compelled to keep this incomplete set -LRB- I will be returning mine -RRB- . I encourage everyone who feels the same to write about it . Whether it 's in these reviews , a blog or emails directly to Warner Bros. , letting the powers that be know that their customers are dissatisfied is the only way they 'll even consider terminating these shady business practices . The following link is to Warner Bros. . Studios ' online customer service
 I was very excited to see an extended version of both the third and fourth installments in the Harry Potter series . Sadly , it came to my attention that the studio -LRB- WB -RRB- decided to release the pricey DVD 's without them being extended . So we will get the continued documentary and a couple of extras that are pretty pointless and the same movie we have always had . No matter what the reason was for them releasing it this way , it is very disappointing because they advertised the entire series to be coming out as EXTENDED ... I bought the first two -LRB- after already owning them on regular edition DVD -RRB- only to find out it was a waste of time because the rest of the series may not be extended ... what 's the point ?
 No extended cut ? Sorry , not interested . I do n't need a dressed up version of the same film I already own , I do n't care how nice the box is . Yes , the documentaries are good , but not enough to make me double-dip for the exact same films . What 's frustrating as a consumer is that I did get the first two Ultimate Editions , and was looking forward to completing the collection of extended cuts . I know , I know ... The studio gave the directors a chance to re-edit their films , and both directors felt the film that exists was the best cut , ergo no extended cuts are necessary . Nobody bothered to ask what the FANS actually want . Crazy thought ... All I have to say is , they better not screw up the Order of the Phoenix Ultimate Edition . Everyone KNOWS that film had a full HOUR of stuff cut , footage that had been COMPLETED with effects and everything . So , you 've got no excuses , WB ! You can still release GREAT editions of Phoenix , Half-Blood , and Hallows , even if you have messed up these two Ultimate Editions ... can these sets even be CALLED `` Ultimate '' when they are exactly the same films sitting in my living room ?
 Do not fall into the trap that warner Brothers have set upif you have already purchessed the original reless do not botherbuying this one ... this is not the version shown on ABC family . Itis better to watch/recorde the extended editions on ABC family . I justgot this dvd in the mail and watched it and there are no extra sceans .
 What is going on where is the extended ? That is what makes it so good ! How ultimate is it when you get a pritty box that has the same stuff you already bought ? Where is the extended edition ? Sure we get a couple pictures , cards and books to add to the collection . Although I want the extended edition so I can watch it crystal clear , without all the commercials . Do I have to wait for the next upgrade to see it uncut ? Way to milk the masses of there hard earned paycheck .
 What is are the differences between the 2-Disc Special Edition & the regular version ? What is added on the second disc ? -LRB- And is this the reason some have complained about a `` cut '' version ? Does one have the full version , while the other is edited ? -RRB-
 Well , we knew he would win . Little suspense , except the film was so dark I found most of it hard to see and I was therefore bored out of my socks . Excellent acting by the cast the CGI may have been great if I could have seen it .
 While it is a given that any large book requires some trimming to be adapted to an movie of acceptable length , this latest installment in the Harry Potter series comes across as badly truncated and poorly edited . There are too many gaps in the story/action , as well as a few holes where a scene was obviously deleted . Nor is there any real sense of a whole term passing - with the jarring exceptions of the Yule Ball and End of Term , the action could have all taken place in a matter of days , not months . Also , some of the effects were sloppily exectuted , with Voldemort 's `` nose '' being particularly irritating in the frames where it looks like a bad eraser smudge left on the print . Even the song `` Magic Works '' at the end of the credits grated - too often off key or screeching.It 's time for the producers to consider lengthening the run time and adding an intermission to the remaining films . It will perhaps cut out one performance a day at the cineplex , but in the end will benefit total gross . For while fanatics will overlook the flaws , but ordinary fans will not .
 GOBLET OF FIRE , as a book , was abysmal . Just awful ! Easily the bloodiest of all of the Harry Potter series , GOBLET ... boasted dismemberment , gore and death , all of which were transferred to the movie version . It 's easy to forget that supposedly these books are supposed to be for fun . The book 's plot , or lack thereof , was even scarier than the violence!But the storyline was the very least of my worries with this movie . The story is made even worse by the haphazard , on-again-off-again approach employed by the moviemakers in bringing it to the screen . Just blink and you 'll think that an entirely different plot has stolen the screen . The film has absolutely no flow or transition . Jumpy and disjointed is the best that I can say about it.Add to that some of the silliest scenes to ever grace the big screen . First , there 's Emma Watson 's `` Cinderella on the Stairs '' scene . Just about as schmaltzy as it gets . Then there 's Robbie Coltrane 's nonsense as a lovesick Hagrid , courting a giantess who is at Hogwarts to chaperone team members from an all girl 's school . And some of the dialog between Harry and Ron is so overpowered by their thick British dialects that subtitles might have helped.And to make things even worse , the acting just gets worse and worse . A wonderfully wicked cameo by Ralph Fiennes has some redeeming value . For that the movie gets my single star . Do n't even get me started about the main characters.THE HORSEMAN
 In this movie the Tri-wizart tournament is going to be held at Hogwarts , but before our heroes can return to school they go to enjoy themselves at the qudditch world cup . But that fun is interrupted by an attack carried out by the Death Eaters . And then the dark mark is mysteriously shot into the sky , and everyone is pointing fingers at young Harry Potter . And if that is not bad enough , someone secretly enters his name into the triwizard tournament -LRB- which he is to young to compete in , but is allowed anyways -RRB- . Harry must figure out who would do this and survive the tournament at the same time , the odds are against him ... I came into this movie knowing that a lot would have to be cut out , but I still looked forward to it . After 2 and a half hours of this movie I came away hugely dissappointed , not only as a Harry Potter fan but also as a movie lover.First off this movie is very rushed , scenes are squeezed together and do not flow into each other very well . I know they had to squeeze a huge book into about 1/5 of the size but this could have been worked out . It would have basically called for a complete rewrite of the script but it is possible . I also believe that if 30 minutes were added this movie would be great . Im sure the argument for not doing this would be that it is to long for young kids and you wouldnt want to lose there attention . Well listen up , Harry Potter fans have grown up , the majority of them are over 16 now . And the movie is pg-13 , so obviously this movie wasnt even aimed at a young audience from a ratings standpoint . 3 hrs is to long you say ? if you have already forgotten , a few years back there was a movie called Lotr-Return of the King that went close to a running time of 3 and a half hours , I think they got 11 oscars . Also Kill Bill was originally one movie but was cut into 2 , would have worked out great for Goblet of Fire.My 2nd big problem with the movie is that they gave away the villain halfway through . Ok I have read the book and I knew who it was already , but when I go to these kind of movies I try to clear my mind of what I have read . **** Spoiler **** -LRB- for the 1 person that hasnt read the book or seen the movie -RRB- The lip twitch was so unneccessary . It didnt help the charachters figure out who did it , so why let the audience know halfway through ? They do it 3 times throughout the movie and you have to pick it up when Barty Crouch Jr. is being sentenced . As soon as I saw Mad Eye do this I was disgusted . **** End Spoiler **** . Rowling never gave it away in the book , so why should they do it in the movie ? Wish I knew because this completely blows my mind.The visual effects are very impressive , Harrys fight with a dragon , the huge carriage that the Beauxbatons arrive in is pretty fun to watch . I also thought the short musical entrance with the introduction of the two schools was very entertaing , and maybe the best scene in the entire movie . I felt Harrys duel with Lord Voldemort was a little weak and left a lot to be desired , I mean this is the chosen one versus the greatest wizard of all time , not much of a duel in my opinion . The soundtrack was also a little lacking but you cant blame production on that , as John Williams declined this film to work on Memoirs of a Geisha , where he will probaly get his millionth oscar.After all is said and done , I do not recommend this movie to anyone , not even to the die hard fans . I think this movie ruined the earlier succuss that the previous 3 had . If you must see it go rent it , as this movie is definitely not a keeper . And by the way I own the first 3 so Im not against the movies , just one that is poorly made .
 This was one of the worse movies ever made not to mention painful to watch .
 Alrighthere is the lowdownhe got harry potter 4by far the worse of the series.By the making of this movie you can tell the director editor actors blah blah blah knew they could S *** out a movie and it would still make 500 million dollars ; which it did . Now harry potter -LRB- daniel radcliff < sp > -RRB- is playing the ever so easy role of harry potter . He got lucky he was a cute kid because if he went to any casting acting like he did in the movie he would n't have got the part . The only one that really is a god actor in the whole movie is Hermonie -LRB- Emma Watson -RRB- . She is still one of the best child actors in the game . < center > The Movie ... < / Center > The movie took me back into the world of Harry Potter , once again wishing I was a wizard ... But the greatness stops there . The over dramic scenes mixed with bad acting really took me out of that wonderful high we all recive when viewing a Harry Potter film . Now with saying that , Harry Potter 4 was a good rebound from the third one . The movie was visualy beautiful and John Williams really brings it with the soundtrack/score . The scene with Harry and _____ -LRB- cough voldamore < sp > was pretty dark but hopefully with the sequals they can take it to the next level of darkness as the books get better . I would say skip this movie . Although it has it moments , It does n't bring it well ... Good try Harry Potter 4
 I thought the the new movie sucked . The acting was good but the movie went to fast for my liking . When I watched it in theaters the movie was just at the begining of the yule ball and I had to go to the bathroom so I go to the bathroom and I come back like three minutes later and the yule ball was over . The movie went to fast for my liking but I 'm going to buy it anyways
 I though the the new movie sucked . The acting was good but the movie went ot fast for my liking . When I watched it in theaters the movie was just at the begining of the yule ball and I had to go to the bathroom so I go to the bathroom and I come back like three minutes later and the yule ball was over . The movie went to fast for my liking but I 'm going to buy it anyways
 I really liked the first three , but I really hated this movie . It 's a two hour long movie about the Potter kids going through puberty . Yes , I know they are now 14 , puberty age , but they did n't have to make the ENTIRE movie about it . The plot was very weak because so much of the film focused on the puberty aspect of it . The kids begin to notice the opposite sex , fight for no reason , girls are emotionally irrational , they need to find dates , Harry even ends up naked in a bath tub with the ghost girl . What disturbs me about the movie is that Hermione starts dating this bulgarian guy who 's at least 17 years old if not older . Why would a 17 year old want to date a 14 year old ? When you 're in high school and going through puberty , even 1 year is a world of difference . Then it was hinted at that their relationship was `` physical '' which made me so thankful that I did n't have kids because 14 is disgustingly young to be having sex . Then there was some forshadowing that Hermione and Ron would end up together . It 's like , Johnny Quest . Everyone wants Johnny to go out with Jessie , but she goes out with Haji intsead . Harry 's love interest makes her appearance . Some Asian girl with a bad Irish accent . I ca n't get over the ball scene where all the girls are crying for no reason . Seriously , if I wanted to watch a movie about a bunch of kids going through puberty , I would have seen 10 Things I Hate About You or The Breakfast Club . By the way , NOTHING is resolved at the end of this film . It lacked action to the point where I left the theater with a strong urge to watch Kill Bill vol . 1 . I know , I did n't read the book , but this a MOVIE , not a book . Actually , I 'm thinking of reading the book because it HAS to be better than this movie .
 i went to cinema to see the movie and then recently watched it again on dvd - hoping against all reason that my first impression was affected by bad mood or something . well , it was n't - while all previous potter movies are fun to watch , watching this one is painful . there is not a single element i could honestly compliment.i was left with an impression that the original cut of the movie was 10 hours long and then the director had to shorten it to mere 2.5 . as a consequence , the movie is anything but smooth . most of the time it is dominated by short sequences without any connection one to another . on the other hand , there is some lenghty sequences that are plain boring and from the point of main storyline - redundant -LSB- for example , harry potter vs the dragon , the ball , triwizard schools arrival - i had to use ffd button to go through them -RSB- . i understand that comparing with previous potter movies the original book was twice thicker - but this is all the reason to make a really careful selection of the material - what to enhance , what to skip . maybe dividing the book into two parts or risking launching one 4 hours-long movie could help . as it is - it is dismal.if the cut is terrible , the acting is no better . all adult characters behave like something between village idiots and cheap magicians -LSB- dumbledore yells all the time without a reason , crouch senior -LSB- what purpose does he serve ? -RSB- is acting as if he were performing some tricks for kids , voldemort appears to be more of a naughty boy than evil lord of power -RSB- , all teenage characters are plain and dull . the sense of drama is missing - and the movie feels cheap . as if after paying foreground actors there were no money left for a decent scenario editing , director with a clear vision and skill , good quality computer editing / special effects . shame to waste a nice story .
 small print on back of CD case states that the productis authorised for sale or rent in USA and Canada only . Not surprisingly CD will not play on my UK CD player . why does Amazon despatch an unplayable CD to an address in the UK ?
 I have not even read the book , and I could tell there is a great deal missing from the movie . It is so rushed and nothing is developed fully . The maze is so short and incomplete . I understand that the book is very long . So make the movie longer . Why does it have to be 2.5 hrs or shorter ? And why select a director that knows nothing about action movies ? What has he directed , Four Weddings And A Funeral ? How does that make him qualified to direct a Potter movie ? This movie should have been 3.5 to 4 hrs long , if not longer . If you leave out so many things from the book , it affects the later movies . You have to continue to leave those things out or have a flashback scene just to introduce it.If I have n't read the book and can tell that major plot points were left out , then everyone can . The director did a poor job with this one , and I am glad he is not doing the next one ! With books this large , the movies have to be longer . It 's common sense . I am shocked that Rowling approved this version of her book . Why did n't she reject it due to losing most of its meaning?This movie was forced , rushed , directionless , and very shallow . Dumbledore would never grab and shake Harry . That scene was like a Three Stooges show . I liked the other movies , but this one was not very likeable . I give it only one star b/c of what it could have been !
 I have to agree with the other 1 star reviews . Emma Watson overacts , Dumbledore has none of the warmth , wisdom , and charm that Richard Harris brought to the character -LRB- as written in the books as well -RRB- . These are very likely the director 's fault , as much as the actors.Hearing the director call HP
 If I 'd never read the book for Goblet of Fire , I would rate it 4 stars . The movie , unlike the others , was rushed greatly , and you wonder frequently , `` What just happened ? '' Also , the English accents of the actors in this movie in particular really made it hard to understand what they say . In other Harry Potter films , I never had this problem , but with this one ... another story , subtitles help of course . But the beginning in particular was rushed.From the standpoint of someone who read the book-absolute rubbish , .1 stars , hated it ! : Please do n't write another review saying that you should n't listen to me , this is an opinion . For one thing , I was quite angrey they showed none of the Quiddich world cup game ! That was what I thought would be one of the coolest parts of the movie . When they suddenly transitioned to Harry in the tent , I thought , `` What , what happened ?! Where 's the Quidditch Game !!! '' They also totally took out the character Winky , the house elf who conjoured the Dark Mark at the Quidditch Cup -LRB- though I may be wrong , I have n't read the book in a while -RRB- . All the stuff with the Hogwarts Kitchens , and such . They took out how Rita Skeeter 's article makes Hermione get bullied at like Harry -LRB- the article was there , but nothing else -RRB- and about how RITA SKEETER IS AN ANIMAGUS AND CAN TURN INTO A BEETLE ! That was a crutial element they took out , and I do n't know how they will pull off the Half-Blood Prince -LRB- ? -RRB- film when Rita is forced to write an article about Harry , and if they took that out , than Cho would have no reason to cry and leave when he mentions meeting Hermione , and if they take out the entire part , there is no reason Cho is mad at Harry later . If you 've never read the book this must be very confusing.But overall from a reader of the book 's perspective , the movie was cluttered with much taken out that I feel ws important . I do agree with people who say that they need to take out details to make an 810 page book into much shorter films . I also agree with those who said they spend way too much time on their social life , not enough on the story . If they took out more social stuff , more of the story could be put in.Again , please do n't complain ina another review about what I said , this is just an OPINION .
 This was the worst Harry Potter movie out of the five . It was also my second favorite Potter book -LRB- the seventh was the best -RRB- and that made the movie more disappointing . They left out so many good parts from the book , and the parts they left in where messed with . I would not buy this if I where you , if you want to buy a Potter movie , buy the third , that was the best one !
 Someone could tell about italian language on ultimate edition ? Thanks for helpHarry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban -LRB- Ultimate Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 Be ready for a BIG disappointment if you are expecting to see the expanded versions of the movies . Neither movie in this latest `` Ultimate Edition '' release contain any of the extented scenes that we were anticipating as a result of the inclusion of expanded scenes in the first two releases . I would not have ordered these versions if I had known that neither this version or its companion contained any expanded scenes . I already have Blu-Ray copies of the movies , why would I want additional copies if there is nothing different between them ?
 I pre-ordered these -LRB- 3 & 4 -RRB- after getting the first 2 Ultimate Editions on Blu-Ray . I am very disappointed to discover that they have NO additional footage . Amazon needs to correct its search results . If you type `` Harry Potter Extended Edition '' This Blu-Ray will appear as a result . This needs to be corrected .
 I was prepared to purchase this -LRB- as well as year 3 -RRB- but once I read that neither set includes extended versions of the films , I decided to save my money . There are plenty of other things more deserving of my hard earned money . If the `` powers that be '' want my money , they should re-release this with an extended cut of the film just like they did with years 1 & 2 .
 Like theHarry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone -LRB- Ultimate Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- andHarry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets -LRB- Ultimate Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- Ultimate set I expected these to be extended as well.But there are not extended at all ... same as previous Blu-ray releases.Too bad : -LRB-
 No extended cuts that are aired regularly on TV and no lossless audio . The extras make it a tempting buy , but WB skimped on the crucial aspects of the `` ultimate '' editions this time
 There is an extended version and this is not it . It is on television all the time . Clever of the WB to make the first two extended and not the next two . I assumed they were extended and bought them .
 This was a bad movie all around . Dumbledore played as aggressive & angry toward Harry is so far from the books . Harry 's developing rapport with sirius was virtually eliminated . Not doing the scene at the dursley 's was a huge mistake ... one of the best scenes in the book.In short , no plot , poor character development , only the last 20 minutes of the film was any good ... the graveyard scene was decent.The action is not enough to make up for the lack of depth and continuity . OTP is a much better film by far.Interestingly , Chris Columbus said he would have made GOF into two movies . He may have been on to something .
 Even though it 's better than Potter 1 and 2 , sadly it 's still a pale imitation of the book . If you see it before you read the novel , you 'll never know what all the fuss is about . Gone is the magic , the humor , the suspence . What 's left ? Overacting , decent F/X , and no character development whatsoever .
 Ran into Bestbuy today grabbed the first DVD of Potter I saw . Got home , it was one disc no special features . Why not just make one edition like with all the other Potter movies ? What a dirty rotten trick pulled by Warner Brothers . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I was expecting the extended editions just like the first 2 movies . Now I am sorry I bought 3 and 4 , they are the same as the movies I already own .
 This whole film is just too rushed and it left out too much story from the wonderful book and it keeps the continuity errors from the third film . It and the third film only deserve one star for some good acting . My suggestion is that you stick with the book series and the first two films .
 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- It is hard to believe that this was not just an upscaled version of the standard DVD which I have also have . There does not seem to be any extra detail .
 If you are a fan of the book do not watch this movie . They have turned what may be the best book of the series into an amusement park ride - all flash and no substance . As the books evolve J K Rowling has targeted an older and more mature audience . This movie targets the mindless .
 Okay , maybe the kids will like this and it is after all based on the children 's series . Some beautiful sets and special effects , IMO overall good acting , except in the beginning , when I almost gagged on the phony emotional histrionics -LRB- I wonder what was going on at the set -RRB- . What I am giving this bomb a 1 star rating for is the cliche ridden script , does Harry Potter become an ostracized object of scorn and then vindicated into a hero in every story ? The direction as another reviewer stated felt rushed and , I suspect , undecipherable unless you have read the novels . Stay away if you are looking for a good film . The first one , while not a classic , was a novelty and entertaining , and the second and third were n't bad , although the repetition starts in the second movie . After it was over , I wondered if I would have watched it knowing how dull it was going to be -LRB- except for a few minutes-even the dragon segments were `` okay , I know where this is going '' -RRB- and I voted no , I would not have watched it .
 I , Sir Charles Butterweight , am dismayed and perplexed before this latest installment in the once delectable Harry Potter series . I shall accord the directors a chance to redeem themselves in the next opus , although I feel compelled to state now that if it is anywhere near as bad as this one , it will definetly count the last for old Charlie boy .
 All new and old titles going to comes out in `` BLU-RAY '' this summer ! If u DVD collector like I am Then stop buying any DVDs , Just rent instead for now !! . I Owen over thousand DVDs in pass 10 years and STOP buying DVDS since DEC/05 ... Because all old and new titles going release on `` BLU-RAY '' & hit store this summer ! Then start buying DVDS again like I will do . Included this movie ... U get crystal clear picture and sound . I stopped buying any DVDS for while now !! I guess better wait then be sorry !!!
 This is by far the worst movie in the harry potter series , it stimulates peristaltic contractions and i vomited when i watched it . None of the young actors have improved , funnily , emma watson got worse . Her overactive portrayl of hermione made me sick , screaming and excessive eyebrow movements doesnt characterise a good representation of Hermione . She should go pack shelves instead of act . As for rupert grint , he is starting to look TOO old for the part , i mean , he looks older than eighteen and is playing a fourteen year old ? What is with that ? He looked fourteen in the 2nd film ! HAHAHA !!! He fails to captivate the audiences , and his nose is becoming ever so much like michael jackson 's , aka pointy with a little node on the end . HEHEHEHEHEH !!!!!!! His whole portrayl of the `` fight '' between harry and ron was simply disgusting , he had no emotion in his voice , and rather sounded like a monotonous slug . EMOTION !!!! He has to make the audience `` feeling emotions , deeper than i 've ever baby , oh oh you got me feeling emotions '' . I 've left the worst for last , daniel radcliffe , every year his eyebrows seem to be converging and taking up a larger area of his face . His bushy mat on his head and gaunt eyes made me want to puke on my chanel bag , luckily i didnt cos drycleaning is so expensive nowadays . As i was saying , he has not improved a single bit , he still remains lifeless , and stutters often . His whole `` post voldemort fight scene '' was so traumatic ... for my brain ! `` He 's back , voldemort 's back '' Eugh ! That was so extremely laughable , his fake crying and hyperactivity reminded me of a bipolar disorder patient who was having mixed episodes of mania and depression!Whats that old man 's name ? The one who plays dumbledore ? Whatever his name is , he is the worst casting ive ever seen . He doesnt even emulate power or magesty , but instead emulates a ragabond hobo on his nightly prowl for sandwiches in a bin . Why were all of the actors so hyperactive in the film?Clemence pose was the worst veela , primarily because she is UGLY ! hehehe . She can never pass as a veela . NEVER I TELL YOU !!!!! Cedric , AKA robert patterson , was so annoying , i thought cedric was meant to be handsome ?!?!?!?! He was far from that . His facial expressions were so repetetive and he looked so ... pasty poo!in conclusion , this movie spawned from a retarded loser who has a hidden agenda .
 Harry Potter is entirly overrated . The movies are horrible , and the books are really quite shallow and uninteresting . What concerns me is the amount of evil things , gore , and even bad examples being set by the characters . -LRB- I 'm Harry , and I 'm going to pout over little things and blow up in incredibly immature tantrums . -RRB- Harry Potter is just horrible . Do n't buy it . Do n't even think about it .
 Lets face it . Targeted primarily at children , the Harry Potter series has been an effective tool for promoting negative messages and glamorizing witchcraft . The earlier movies hooked millions of children around the world with images of cute kids , cuddly animals , and seemingly innocent , even humorous , so-called magic , while these later movies now introduce those same children to far more sinister messages and imagery.What are only a few of the negative messages promoted so far ? Adults , in any position -LRB- parent , teacher , guardian -RRB- , are not to be respected or obeyed . Rules are to be broken -LRB- the three leading characters break just about every rule and are often rewarded for it -RRB- . A real education is not needed -LRB- no reading , writing , or math classes or teachers at this so-called `` school '' -RRB- . It is acceptable to assault those one does n't like -LRB- Ron hits a teacher on the head in the second movie , Harry terrorizes a female relative in the third movie , Hermione slugs another student while being teased , and so on -RRB- . Witchcraft , which can be bad , is generally good . Those who believe in witchcraft are generally good . Those who are not witches -LRB- so called `` Muggles '' -RRB- , or do n't believe in witchcraft , are nearly always bad -LRB- very few scenes of a `` good Muggle '' in the entire series - the little girl , Hermione , even cries about her `` Muggle '' parents in the second movie -RRB- . The witchcraft -LRB- poisons and so on -RRB- these children are learning can be used to threaten , control , torture , and kill.This last movie , Goblet of Fire , should be enough to leave a bad taste in any sane person 's mouth . Images of skulls , bones , and blood are commonplace . Evil characters , from talking snakes to skull-faced demons , are equally so . Violence -LRB- curses , threats , injuries , destruction , and death -RRB- , and evidence of violence -LRB- fires , cuts , scratches , bruises , and blood -RRB- , are seen throughout the movie . Two of the three deaths in the movie , the caretaker in the opening scenes and the young girl consumed by the plant in the maze , are glossed over without even a passing note.The sexual content -LRB- Ron verbally admiring the buttocks of young ladies , the camera focusing on those young ladies ' buttocks , a boy placing his hand down the front of another boys trousers , the child Hermione dating a young man obviously much older , Hagrid 's hand on a woman 's buttocks while children are around , and so on -RRB- is entirely inapropriate for the age group this movie series targets.All in all , any prudent adult would be foolish to allow children , of any age , to watch these Harry Potter movies -LRB- any of the movies -RRB- . And adults watching movies obviously designed for children should grow up . Those responsible for these movies -LRB- owners , producers , actors , writers , and J.K. Rowling -RRB- , knowing many millions of children are watching , should be ashamed . While these movies are indeed fantasy , they clearly promote negative messages and glamorize witchcraft - which far too often has led to real human sacrifice -LRB- shown in these movies - Ron 's sister in the second movie , for example -RRB- , the use of poison -LRB- repeatedly mentioned in these movies -RRB- , and more .
 I liked the 3 other movies before this one . I found this one to be totally uninspiring and boring . I do n't read the books , so I do n't consider myself a hardcore fan , but as a casual observer who just wants some entertainment , this did n't do anything for me . I own the other movies , but I do n't think I 'm going to invest in this one . Did n't like it at the theater , so what 's the point ?
 I 'm not a fan of these films . I just do n't `` get '' them . I suppose the writing is wonderful . The novels are as popular as air , I ca n't seem to get through those either . It seems these films render one in a trance , an unescapable one . I 've never been drawn in . I WANT to be entertained by these films . I truly do . But this film does NOT ! It 's horrible . It 's just too infantile . This film droned on for near to three hours . Even William Friedkin and Blatty edited `` Exorcist '' for the screen . A novel this long ? Lord , I ca n't seem to find an escape from this boredom . The young adult love is nauseating at best . The ONLY good point to this film is it 's set design . To compare this film to `` Wizard Of Oz '' is absurd . `` Oz '' can not be compared to `` Hogbore '' .
 The cast is unbelievably bad . Like all other HP movies , I was appalled by the utterly boring young Radcliffe who has the charisma of a doughnut and the acting skills of a potatoe . I was bored to death and could hardly watch 20 minutes before I switched if off.For sci-fiction lovers
 I thought this was a lame excuse for a HP movie ! I realize the book was quite long , and this could have made for a long , long movie , but there was so much left out that several times I felt that I had come in in the middle of something . Had I not read the book I would n't have really understood many things that were going on , and then there are the plot lines that were n't followed UP ! I am afraid , in this case , `` Potter Stinks '' is the correct slogan . Aside from the usual excellent performances by all the cast , it was a couple of hours wasted . Back to the wonderful book !!!!
 I bought this DVD for my cousins in Wyoming , who are teenagers and had read the book . They sat down with me and explained 3/4s of the book was missing . The director who decided to get rid of the subplots , also got rid of the catalysts which moved the plotline forward . It was according to the teenagers a waste of money to make the movie , if you are not going to follow the plotline of the book .
 harry potter movies 1 and 2 and 3 are excelent.they cut , obviously , but the story was still a clear , presise message . then along comes a yodelin ' , rough backin ' coyote to change everything the way he sees fit . heres just some of the loose ends left untied.why did neville go nuts by the cruciatus?how did crouch live , escape , attack moody , who killed crouch ? where did the house elves go , when is fudge gon na call dumbledore mad ? what about rita skeeter ? or spew ? and theres hardly any snape!at least the actors were good . daniel radcliffe , EMMA WATSON , and rupert . but the director must think that because they call it harry potter , it cant be about any one else . i quote
 This was the most disappointing of the Harry Potter films and has led me to believe that these books can not be put to film anddo any justice to the film or be a good movie . There is more of the story that has been cut out , the house elves , Hagrid 's Giant Confession , than included in the Goblet of Fire and two of the story 's leading protagonists are reduced nearly to setpieces . Granted , it is an extremely challenging job to set an 800 page book to film , but if the other films were 2-1/2 hours , how could this film succeed with that time constraint to capture the essence of a book that is twice the others . Some of the characterizations of the new characters were great , like Mad Eye Moony and Rita Skeeter , but Rita Skeeter 's character was nearly pointless , since it did not fulfill the storypoint from the book . The maker 's even saw fit to add story that was not even in the book , like the Dance Lesson Scene . Why ? And they spent gobs of time a the dragon scene which went way beyond the book and wasted precious screen time . They sapped the life out of the maze scene and made it feel like a walk in the park . The editor felt that the elves were no big lost to the picture . I disagree with this because 1 -RRB- they fill in a lot of questions about who Hermione is and 2 -RRB- they give us a picture of the wizarding world which is not as nice as we might be led to believe and 3 -RRB- they fill in the character of Hogwarts which is an essential character to the books and story . This movie is a puzzle with many pieces missing . A major disappointment , if you have any love for the books .
 Okay , everyone who 's given this movie a good review and critiqued the rest of us for comparing it to the movie , is not too bright.What you fail to realize , is that the movie does n't form a coherent plot , unless you 've read the fourth book . So , the book fails on two fronts . As a movie , it is n't coherent enough to be considered good . Too much time is spent on things that are n't crucial , while crucial events are extremely undercovered -LRB- see Chapters 1-12 -RRB- . As a movie replicating a book , it miserably fails . All can agree .1 Star . Next time , pick a side , and stick to it .
 It was a good movie and all , but I was VERY VERY disappointed that the film did n't show more than half of the events that happened in the book . For example , Hermione Granger starting the house elf campaign , seeing Dobby and Winky the house elves in the kitchen , seeing Sirius leading Harry and his friends to a cave in Hogmeade , and more.It would have been a great movie if it had shown all of that . I was so looking forward to seeing Hermione trying to get the elves on strike . That factor made me so upset . This movie only features Harry and the Tri-Wizard Tornament . So , do n't buy this if you THINK that it 's going to be just like the book . Again , a lot of the events in the book are not in the movie.This is my LEAST favorite Harry Potter movie so far . I ca n't believe I wasted my $ 20.00 !!!! THINGS THAT ARE IN THE BOOK , BUT NOT IN THE MOVIE :1 . Hermione 's S.P.E.W. House-elves campaign .2 . Dobby , Winky , and the rest of the house-elves .3 . Not much of Sirius Black .4 . Not much of Professor Snape .5 . Dobby giving Harry the gillyweed plant instead of Neville .6 . Movie starting off at Harry 's house .7 . Duddley eating a Ton-Tongue Toffee candy .8 . The veela women at the Quidditch World Cup .9 . Rita Skeeter .10 . Not much of Professor Trelawney.And lots more -LRB- at least over twenty !! -RRB- .
 While everyone else is talking about the direction and editing of this movie , has anyone noticed that the picture quality on DVD is much worse than you would expect from a blockbuster . I expect that they cut costs in manufacturing . I remember when everyone was saying the DVD/CD was the greatest next thing because it would not break and could store vast amounts of information . There was poor picture quality and pixelation the first time through on this Harry Potter 4 DVD . Its like guns , guns do n't kill people , people kill people . In this case , poor DVDs do n't make pixelation ; manufacturers who wo n't make quality DVDS make pixelation problems . Shame on them !
 As a long-time fan of the Harry Potter series , I 've watched every movie adaptation of the books , quite near the dates of their premieres . I have also frowned upon the decline in quality that Prisoner of Azkaban seemed to have started . The series was becoming a teen thriller , focusing on nothing but action , and focusing more upon milking the success of the Harry Potter franchise . Prisoner of Azkaban started this trend -- Goblet of Fire has displayed it at its most painful and frustrating stage . The film fails in two crucial areas -- acting and directing . One might even say writing.I of course did not assume that the films would contain all of the material that J.K. Rowling originally wrote , but I at least had the expectation that the director of the movie would know what is an important story point to place emphasis upon -- in other words , what to play out , and what to leave as a side treat . The portions of the story which the director DOES emphasize are the most minimal , shallow bits that even take place in the book . The biggest example is the scene of the dragon fight . For over ten minutes or so , Harry bounds around a pit of boulders , with the dragon blowing flames , making a mess , typical dragon behavior . Then , he gets on the broom and flies around . The dragon also decides to fly around.And BOY , do they fly around.For about ten minutes , Harry and the dragon zip around the castle , smashing into windows , breaking roof tiles , making a severely unnecessary racket -- and for what purpose ? The original purpose of the task was to take the dragon 's golden egg -- and they fly about a mile away from the dragon 's nest . Not only is the scene boring , as we know that Harry wo n't die , but , as I 've just explained , it is completely pointless.What is all the more frustrating is that important scenes that , in the book , are emotional , memorable , intense and very important to the plot are shoved aside , and merely mentioned as an afterthought to the shallow thrills which the director attempts to force upon the viewer . The most important scene in the entire story , Voldemort 's return , takes a mere few minutes of screen time . There is no emotion whatsoever in the scenes . They are completely rushed and badly-done . The ominous , intimidating portrayal of Voldemort used in the first two films is completely destroyed . The character is not at all frightening . The scenes from the Pensieve , among many others are also emotionless and done out of obligation . Things such as this make the whole film feel rushed , a waste of time.Now , another major problem . Acting . Both in the actors ' direction and personal performances . Daniel Radcliffe , as Harry , is just as he 's always been
 The movies have been steadily going downhill ... this was BAD . I love the books and this was simply terrible . This one leaves so much out that the flow is very jerky and makes no sense unless you have read the book . It also leaves out all the set up information that is necessary for the next few books . Plus we never see the characters learning anything ... Harry just seems to know how to do the new spells . This is definitely a huge disappointment and not worth your time .
 I am a Harry Potter fan . The movie was absolutely terrible . It did not seem to have a natural flow . It seemed as though you nodded off and woke up to something you missed . Rent to see it but if you are not a fan - do not waste your money .
 i have never read any of the harry potter books . the 1st 2 harry potter movies were excellent . you did not have to read the books to follow along and enjoy the movies . most importantly , the movies made sense . i have seen all 4 movies at the movie theater . this movie was horrible . -LRB- 3rd movie was lousy as well -RRB- this movie made no sense . there was no cohesiveness . the movie was all over the place . jumping from scene to scene without correctly explaining the scene that the movie was in . i was very bored . i did not feel a bond with really any of the characters including harry . the guy who plays dumbledorf needs to be fired immediately he has no personality at all . i have tried to watch this harry goblet of fire movie on cable several times thinking maybe i misjudged or overeacted . i was totally 100 % accurate . this movie is horribly bad . as other reviewers have said the movie needed to be longer -LRB- example stated lord of the rings -RRB- i hope harry potter v is much better .
 These are very well written and keep you on the edge of your seat . They are getting very dark in the dark side of life .
 THE PACING OF THIS FILM IS JUST AWFUL , THE CHANGE OF DIRECTORFOR THIS ONE , IN MY OPINION WAS A BAD MOVE . IF YOU ARE A POTTER FAN YOU WILL PROBABLY LOVE IT .
 Goblet of Fire , the movie , is an unacceptable hash . Sure , the original is a long book . Did the mercenaries running this franchise think perhaps to make it into two movies and sell them both ? I understand that a film adaptation of a novel is an adaptation , not a copy in another medium , but it must still be a finished work in its own right . GOFtm is so disjoint and illogical and the progress through it so unmotivated that a fair amount of what happens in it makes no sense . It would be a complete waste of money even if the book did not exist . This is not a film but an insult . Slapdash , haphazard , chopped up exploitation . The cinematic equivalent of a Barbie doll .
 I would have liked this movie if I had n't read the book first . The first 3 movies did some justice to the books . This one followed none of the fun story lines and could n't because of time contraints . The story was n't 100 % all about the contest and the ball . They show a hint of the reporter and her lies but what Hermoine does to her in the end and how she got her scoops that is the real fun part . This movie was all about eye candy graphics and time contraints . I suggest you watch the movie before you read the book -LRB- if your interested in the potter movie series -RRB- But my ultimate suggestion is Read the book skip the movie .
 I have all 4 Harry Potter DVDs and I have no complaints whatsoever as far as the movies is concerned . What really bothers me is the presentation ... why are the first two DVDs packaged one way and the second two packaged in a different way ? ... and this last one did n't even have a menu insert ! Very inconsistent presentation throughout the series ... what will # 5 be ... ? A Digipack ? Shame on Warner Brothers !
 Yes , yes , there were too many subplots in the book and not enough time for the movie to relate them . Yes , yes , the film needed certain other scenes either stretched out or created to set the mood . But the acting - or what might pass at a high school pageant as acting - left me laughing in embarrassment . Michael Gambon seemed particularly over the top -LRB- even worse than Prisoner -RRB- . What 's happened to Dumbledore 's calm and cool and all-knowing demeanor ? Did he not get his cup of coffee that morning ? This performance certainly gives one a much deeper appreciation for the late , great Richard Harris . And it felt like the Emma Watson and Rupert Grint 's characters were reading from a teleprompter . Special effects only go so far . At some point in time a decent screenplay and credible actors become necessary to create magic . And what 's distressing is that the first two films had all three - eye catching effects , great acting and a storyline that paralled closely to all the books ' pertinent plot lines , not just the good versus evil angle . I say bag Mike Newall as director and go back to Chris Columbus .
 I found the book to be incredibly exciting and I assumed that all that entertainment would translate easily to film . I guess not!It was n't until I tried to watch the movie on DVD after seeing it the theaters opening night that I realized how very boring the movie is . I have been unable to watch it all the way through a 2nd time .
 Come on ! The character development was terrible , and the cast poorly directed . All one has to do is compare this film to the previous one to know that is far under par
 I was very disappointed that when ordering , nothing was said about there being another version , the 2 disk version , with all the extras . That 's what I usually get the Harry Potter DVD 's for . Especially the deleted scenes . Being incapacitated by surgery at the moment , I ca n't begin to tell you how let down I was when I got this DVD , only to find out that I spent my money on something I did n't really want . The movie , itself , is great , but I 've seen it in the theatre already . Amazon needs to be more specific with their pre order information .
 Has anyone else noticed that there have been scenes left out of the DVD that were shown in the theater ??? Like when Harry was falling asleep in divination and he saw the ladybug ? Or the scene after he finds Barty Crouch passed out ? There is a lot missing in this movie and my friend just got the 2 disc version and they are n't in her movie either . Maybe they are in her deleted scenes but THEY WERE N'T DELETED !!! What happened to 15 minutes of my movie . RUNNING TIME IN THEATER
 This is just like the Azkaban Ultimate edition , no extended cut of the film and really cheap packaging that came ripped!Sure it has some great extra docs , but after creating ultimate editions that include extended editions of the film with the great docs , this is a total let down and a rip off for the price . You should just be able to buy the extra documentaries for a much lower price since anyone who is buying this already has the film on blu-ray . After this debacle I will not purchasing any more ultimate editions , and these , unlike the first 2 films , this disc is not an ultimate editions at all .
 if you read the book , you will hate this movie . the books has several , strong story lines . the movie had to be condensed so much so , that it was completely obvious what was cut out , and what was n't . go to the wikipedia website , and you can see a comparision of both the book and the movie.the movie as a piece of art sucked as well . in the first half an hour , i honestly could n't keep my eyes straight . everything was so fast , that you did n't see the characters faces for more than a second . it was also very choppy . take a look at the scene where ron and hermione are mad at each other during the yule ball . right after that they are walking out of the ball room , without harry . that 2 minutes of film is so incredibly choppy , you know somehting was cut out.the deleted scenes do n't help either . even if you burned the movie together , you 'll still be lost.for those who did n't read the book , you may like this as a movie . but honestly , there was n't enough to hold your interest , except the scenes with mad eye moody . i though dumbldore could n't get any worse than movie 3 - i was wrong . this guy is awful . he obviously did n't read the book either.i have this dvd because i am a harry potter nut , and needed it in my collection . i did n't buy it though , until movie 5 came out in theatres just so i could compare them .
 This was my first amazon instant video purchase and if this is the level of quality I can expect then I 'll stick with Netflix . The video was supposed to be HD and the on-screen menu indicated I had the bandwidth for a &#34; high quality &#34; stream but any dark scenes -LRB- which there 's a lot of in Harry Potter movies -RRB- were splotchy with muddled colors . I use Netflix on the same PS3/internet connection and never have issues like this.The movie itself is good but the poor streaming video quality made it almost unwatchable .
 I am amazed anyone could say this is a good movie . The plot is completely ridiculous and all over the place . Dracula spends half the movie trying to bring his daughter back to life , then in the space of two seconds he inexplicably changes his mind and dumps her in the canal . The first forty minutes seemed like a good setup , but the rest is just ridiculous . Elvira is usually good for a laugh , but this is one movie even she ca n't make worth suffering through.The dubbing is indeed as bad as everyone says -- a fight scene in which no one even remotely connects fist to flesh is particularly hilarious . The guys swing at the air while one moans for no reason . It 's like an Ed Wood film in Spanish . In fact , this Drac bears some resemblance to the Lugosi stand-in in PLAN 9 . Not even cheesy fun . Just boring . But yeah , for the guys , there are some topless women . And the single creative touch is what the mirror shows when Karen hits the sheets with Drac .
 In this 1972 film from Spanish director Javier Aguirre , four women and a man wreck their stagecoach and must take refuge in a nearby castle . Unfortunately for the travelers , the castle 's owner , Dr. Wendell Marlow -LRB- Paul Naschy -RRB- , turns out to be none other than Count Dracula . After Dracula falls in love with one of the women , she must decide whether to live eternally as Dracula 's bride or reject him and continue to live as a mortal . Her not-so-surprising choice leads to a strange and surprising ending . Like a lot of '70s European horror movies , the film suffers from slow pacing and a somewhat muddled plot . But there 's lots of gothic atmosphere and a few creepy moments here and there to keep things interesting.If there 's anything to complain about , it 's Sinema Diable 's cheapo packaging . For a mid-priced DVD like this , you 'd expect to see a reasonably sharp video transfer and decent audio , but both are very marginal here . In fact , the picture and sound quality are comparable to what you typically see in bargain-bin DVDs costing a third as much . There are no extras , either , like a trailer or talent bios , which are almost always included in DVDs in this price range . So I 've deducted one full star for the low overall quality of the release . Hopefully , we 'll see a little more bang for the buck in Sinema Diable 's future products.Of course , if you 're a Naschy fan , or just ca n't get enough of these low-budget Euro-horror films , these faults probably wo n't bother you too much . Besides , until Anchor Bay or another company comes along with a better release , this may be your only chance to see this lesser-known , but worthwhile , entry in the Naschy catalog.Two out of five stars .
 This is terrific Paul Naschy film , but my comments address the presentation of this DVD only.This is a bootleg . They ripped off Sinister Cinema 's transfer and matted the opening minutes of the movie to cover up the Sinister watermark that is present for the opening sequences.Don ' t buy this rip off version , get a copy from Sinister themselves on VHS or DVD-R .
 The movie is Ok , I 'm not writing this to review the actual film but the DVD itself . The quality is terrible , especially for the price . You get a very , very bad transfer with awful colors and great loss of detail , but the biggest problem is that the thing seems to have been taken from a bootleg , filmed in an actual movie theater , as the screen is not complete ! No matter what you do , you will never see the whole screen , and never is it more evident than in the credits where some words are cut . In the movie , some scenes just lack coherence because of this . For example , when Naschy first appears after opening the door of his Sanatorium to his visitors , we CA N'T SEE HIM because the screen is cut !!! Terrible DVD . Wait for a decent release to buy this movie , which deserves the kind of treatment DEIMOS has given to Naschy 's Werewolf films ...
 For those unfamiliar with Paul Naschy , he was a Spanish filmmaker who in the 70 's and 80 's made a goodly number of horror films that brought a European senisibility to the standard Univerisal and Hammer fare.In Dracula 's Great Love he portrays a vampire-and not just any vampire , but the Big D himself . The film concerns three women and one man who are stranded in the wilderness after an accident . They seek refuge in a strangly deserteed hospital , which is headed by a mysterious doctor -LRB- naschy -RRB- And thus begins the plot , what there is of it . Mostly it consists of the ladies wandering the corodors at night where one by one they are turned into vampires . That 's about it until the end where Nasch revels himself as the head vampire . This movie has a by the numbers feel to it , completely lacking in anything that would lift it above any other such run of the mill efforts . The women get bare breasted fom time to time , but it 's hardly enough to compensate for the film 's slow pace.Any one who wishes to sample the best of Nasch should try Werewolf Vs. the Vampire Woman . While not a great film . it 's at least livley . with competent script , acting and direction . Nasch 's own acting in Dracula 's Great Love is about as wooden as the stake which eventually pierces his heart .
 If you 're a big fan of film noir you might enjoy the camera angles , picture and sound . Personally I was disappointed in the story.I heard a review and thought it sounded like a great idea for a story . A guy on a train steals a woman 's purse on a subway , not knowing that she 's carrying microfilm which she 's supposed to deliver to a Russian spy . Suddenly , this thief has the cops and the Russians looking for him.It sounded like a great idea , but the story was a huge disappointment to me . The characters were not very believable . For example , the woman who has her purse stolen , tracks down the thief and tries to get the film back . He punches her in the face and she falls in love with him.To me the story was very weak , which spoiled the movie . If you 're interested in the movie for the technical stuff , you might enjoy it . Personally , I did n't find it very entertaining or believable .
 I bought this movie based on high reputation of criterion collection cinema.What is the waste of money !! It 's typical hollywood setup story with fixed end.We had dozen soviet movies where criminals are good criminals because they are `` our '' criminals . Nothing new here .
 Made during the height of the cold war hysteria , this film gets sidetracked by mindless red baiting.It also descends into cheesy melodrama on a couple ofoccasions marring the pacing of the movie . It 's toobad but pickup does n't live up to its reputation astop notch noir .
 Very disappointed in this tape . This tape contains a copy of the movie that was apparently edited for television . I say that becuase I noticed that there were several scenes cut from the movie . The movie on this tape does n't flow correctly and there are references in the movie to scenes that the viewer never sees.I would n't recommend the purchase of this tape .
 Worst show ever trust me wont even download it is so terrible it makes me want to cry to no that I wasted my money
 Althought I was able to buy seasons 1 , 2 and 4 from Amazon , I just got an email stating they will not deliver season 3 . Now I am sitting with an incomplete collection . : - -LRB-
 This Amazon produced Made On Demand DVD-R season set contains the complete third season of Zoey 101 . While I find the price to be ridiculous I thought I 'd list the 24 episodes that this set will contain for those who are curious .26 Surprise27 Chase 's Girlfriend28 Hot Dean29 Zoey 's Tutor30 The Great Vince Blake31 Silver Hammer Society32 Michael Loves Lisa33 Wrestling34 Zoey 's Balloon35 Chase 's Grandma36 Quarantine37 The Radio38 Paige at PCA39 The Dance Contest40 Favor Chain41 Zoey 's Ribs42 Curse of PCA43 Drippin44 Son of a Dean45 Hands On a Blix Van46 Miss PCA47 Logan Gets Cut Off48 Goodbye Zoey Part One49 Goodbye Zoey Part TwoOf those episodes the only ones that truly stand out storywise are Surprise , Chase 's Girlfriend , Chase 's Grandma -LRB- which was really good -RRB- and Goodbye Zoey I & II . The reason this got only one star when I first rated it was because this season is weaker than others and while containing more episodes it was listed at a very high price for something that is n't even an ` official ' set . I wrote that though when the set was listed at 65.99 and I 'm now glad to give the set 5 stars for fans and 3 stars for anyone else since the price has lowered . Thanks For Your Time , Hope This Helped .
 I ordered this Zoey 1010 complete season 3 set . the write up says it comes with 5 discs . But there are only 3 discs in the box . I see the review states it should come in TWO boxes , and maybe I am missing a box ? I returned the box , and now re-ordered , hoping to get BOTH boxes for this complete season 3 set . Wish me luck !
 To my great dismay , Kathy Smith never appears in this video , not on the cover , the back , or the tape itself.I think a mistake has been made .
 When I ordered this tape it was build as Kathy Smith . I even returned the tape twice . Thinking I would get the Kathy Smith tape . I ended up giving up and keeping this tape . I do n't care for it . There are better tapes out there
 LOOK AT ME would be an excellent instructional film for a class in family counseling . As an entertainment vehicle , it 's a non-starter . Marilou Berry plays the young Parisian Lolita Cassard , the teenage daughter of author Etienne Cassard -LRB- Jean-Pierre Bacri -RRB- , whom fame has turned into a rude , insensitive , and self-centered Jerk . Lolita 's mother bailed out of the marriage years before , and Etienne has since acquired a trophy wife , Karine -LRB- Virginie Desarnauts -RRB- , with whom he 's fathered another girl child . Lolita , already self-conscious of and deeply unhappy with her Rubenesque figure , is achingly deficient in self esteem . She has no steady boyfriend , and her father virtually ignores her and her one outstanding talent , a classically beautiful singing voice . Lolita takes singing lessons from Sylvia Millet -LRB- Agnes Jaoui , also the film 's director -RRB- , who 's married to struggling author Pierre -LRB- Laurent Grevill -RRB- . Once Sylvia and Pierre learn the identity of Lolita 's Dad , the latter uses his wife 's relationship with the girl as an avenue to curry favor with Etienne and get help for his own struggling career . About the same time , Lolita finds romantic involvement of a sort with the financially strapped Vincent -LRB- Gregoire Oestermann -RRB- , whose half-hearted attention to a desperately needy Lolita lands him a better job with Etienne 's recommendation.LOOK AT ME is a candid look at the emotional damage that can be inflicted on a lonely , motherless teenage girl by a distant and cruelly inattentive father . The trouble is that Lolita 's neediness is so acute , resulting in occasional brattiness on her part , that I shied away from any emotional attachment . By the film 's end , I felt sorry for the young woman , but in no way liked her even a little . And given the basic unattractiveness of Etienne 's character , none of the others - Sylvia , Pierre , Vincent - came off markedly better in comparison , although at least Sylvia evidently felt a certain sympathy for Lolita 's predicament , and in that sense serves as an audience surrogate within the film.I admit that the film intrigued me at first , but then grew stale as I waited for something - anything - to happen . I left the auditorium not having chuckled even once , or been surprised , or , Mr. Sensitive that I am , shed a tear . It came off as nothing more than an unengaging illustration of how not to parent , a visual lesson in dysfunction that I could perhaps as easily have achieved by peering into a representative sampling of neighbors ' windows . Not that I would do that , of course.LOOK AT ME is n't a bad film , it 's just not worth paying good money to see at today 's inflated theater prices .
 I purchased the movie Shiloh to show to my students after reading the novel in class . Unfortunately , while the video quality of this DVD was just fine , the sound had a problem . We had to turn the TV up to maximum volume to just hear the movie . And yes , I did try other DVDs and their sound was fine so it was not the TV .
 This is the type of movie that has me shaking my head and wondering why time , effort and money are invested in such projects while much worthier cinema ideas are left to die ` a ` borning ' . Roger Ebert gave this movie three and a half out of four stars . Although a fan of Ebert 's movie reviews in general , I will say that his review of this movie is a good example of why it may be said of his reviews , `` When they are good they are very , very good . But when they are bad they 're just terrible . `` The child lead , Blake Heron is not accomplished enough for casting in anything more ambitious or sophisticated than a school play and the adults who attempt to support him is this travesty of an attempt at a rite of passage film must have been hanging their heads in embarrassment between takes.Even the old veteran of such notable efforts as `` In the Heat of the Night '' and `` The Pawnbroker '' , Rod Steiger is cast as a supportive adult trying to help the young boy -LRB- Heron -RRB- gain the insight and commitment required to get an abused Beagle pup he has become attached to away from an `` old boy '' trapper/poacher . Perhaps Ebert felt some obligation to pay tribute -LRB- with a positive review -RRB- to any film in which a minor luminary like Steiger might appear but I ca n't help feeling that his primary responsibility should to the movie going , purchasing and renting public that reads his reviews looking for guidance in making decisions about investing their time and money.Be advised
 As I watched this movie , I felt like somebody explained the plot to the film producers , but they never read the book . The movie is missing everything that made the book special
 It really is sad to see Phills Reynold Naylor 's great masterpiece about a beagle puppy trampled on like this . This film was not at all faithful to the book . The first difference is that in the book Shiloh had a black spot just behind his left ear about one inch in front of his leg . In the movie , the spot is way over on his back ! In the book , Shiloh 's tail was a couple inches long . In the movie , it 's like a foot!The classic `` this little piggy goes to market '' scene has been ommitted , and scene where Shiloh tries to hump the kid 's leg was just plain unneccesary . C'mon , this is supposed to be a family movie ! Avoid this and read the fantastic book trilogy instead -LRB- which I also wrote a comprehensive review for -RRB-
 This is a story of a boy who goes for a walk one day through his West Virginia town and a beagle , Shiloh , follows him home . The boy , Marty Preston , discovers that the dog has an abusive owner . The boy 's own family is very poor and can not afford a pet ; also , his father is a firm believer that , abused or not , the dog has an owner and he must be returned . They give the dog back but Shiloh escapes again , and when he turns up outside the Preston home , Marty hides him up a hill behind their house . If you 've never read the novel by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor , I suppose you might like this movie ; however , I 'm a fan of the book and I 've read it a few times with my language arts classes , and in comparison , the movie is terrible . The family does not appear to be poor , an integral part of the story , and the main character , Marty , is often disrespectful , something he never is in the book . Both of these aspects are important to the story , because they help you to understand why the family can not keep a dog , why Marty has some difficulty in standing up for himself , etc. . And then there 's the ending
 One of the packs contains movies that has very little of Louis De Funes in it , he acts in a very small capcity . Both packs are completely in French only with no subtitles of any other language at all . Very disappointed whereas virtually every other DVD do have subtitles . Advised to stay well clear unless one is fluent in French .
 I did not like this movie at all , but loved the first two . To me it was boring , boring . Seems they could of picked a better movie to make into a movie !
 TO SAY THIS DVD ROCKS IS INANE , WHO WROTE THIS REVIEW , A FIVE YEAR OLD ? THE DVD SUCKS APPLESEEDS !
 Vaada Raha ' is all about Hope and Believe . Bobby stars as Duke , who 's life today can be called gratifying . Everything works on his advantage . But in a unfortunate accident , he loses everything , be it physically & mentally . He becomes a negative pile , until , a kid enters his life and returns him what he had lost - HOPE.Vaada Raha ' has it 's share moments , and a power-packed performance by Bobby , but overall , this comes out as a half-baked venture . The film begins well , but becomes a bore in the most vital moments , it 's culmination . It 's far from being touchy , it in fact is depressing.What stands tall in ` Vaada Raha ' is undoubtedly , Bobby 's power-packed performance.On the whole , watch this one for Bobby 's work , as that 's the only substantial plus in this film !
 After purchasing all of the `` Wallace And Gromit '' movies , all of the `` Shaun The Sheep movies , '' and `` Chicken Run '' , et al. , I was completely unprepared for the blas&eacute; presentation in the two `` Creature Comfort '' movies I bought . Of all the situations that were presented , I do not recall ever being moved to laughter . Albeit I am 71 years old , I think I still have the good sense to laugh when I am provoked to do so . Put your money into the Shaun flock instead .
 not very good and does NOT contain the Christmas Special -LRB- which is apparently the only funny episode -RRB- Please avoid this movie unless you absolutely have to !!
 The whole show has this weird compass and chart text overlay pattern moving and zooming over all the real film scenes like a kaleidascope . As if you have to tell people they are real and old film clips as opposed to the cartoon recreation animationsthat make up the other half of the vido . . duh and really annoying flashes of 3-2-1 old movie end trailers like the film just ran out , lame lame lame . It hurts your eyes and makes you seasick.I would give it zero or one star but it has a FEW redeeming values , such as pretty good accuracy and the real film clips are `` usually '' from the battles they are talking about -LRB- but not always . -RRB-
 For the past few months I have noted the numerous accolades written on both The History Channel website and Amazon about this series . Yet in my circle , which is mostly middle aged historian and military types -LRB- with a few authors -RRB- I have heard only expressed disillusionment and heartfelt disappointment of a failed opportunity . Though it appears I am alone in my views in certain venues , I know for a fact through feedback that I am not . And it needs to be said.First and foremost , my own criticisms of The History Channel 's -LRB- THC 's -RRB- Battle360 and the DVD have nothing whatsoever to do with USS Enterprise -LRB- CV-6 -RRB- , her gallant crew , or the campaigns she was involved in . I repeat-I have only the utmost respect and admiration for this ship , her crew and the men who flew from her decks . It is for them -LRB- and their families -RRB- my heart is heavy.As a carrier buff with particular interest in USS Enterprise and Solomon Islands campaigns I was excited with the news of THC 's Battle360 project on Enterprise . I have studied Guadalcanal and Enterprise for more than forty years . Rarely if ever have I longed for an extensive and thorough series on the carrier war in the Pacific . And what a subject it is . The Big E served in every major campaign in the Pacific Theater . And I myself have interviewed a dozen Ship 's Company and Air Group personnel who had served aboard Enterprise during the desperate and savage campaigns off Guadalcanal . What an opportunity to finally portray the history of the Pacific Carrier War as told via the crew of the most decorated ship in naval history . However , within minutes of the first episode I sadly realized Battle360 was merely a lackluster hack production of poor graphics , distorted film techniques , and a badly written script strewn with historical and technical inaccuracies . Ultimately , Battle360 was a missed opportunity for a thorough and honest dissertation of the true history of Enterprise and The Pacific War . In fact , within fifteen to twenty minutes into the first segment I fielded no less than a dozen calls from friends and colleagues complaining of the abysmal production style , thus confirming my own observations . -LRB- Like me , they were all looking forward to this . -RRB- Moreover , the film was so distorted I found myself standing in the middle of my living room and raving in frustration
 I 'll save space and say that I agree with the other posts that laud the show for it 's quality and usefulness.Unfortunately , the DVD set is seriously flawed . Amazon lists the aspect ration as 1.33:1 and technically that is correct . But , just as the History Channel did with the Dogfight series , the DVDs are actually letterboxed 16:9 matted into a 4:3 frame . Why the History Channel continues to use this outmoded format for their DVD releases is a mystery . Even cheap direct to video DVD releases are in anamorphic format . I can author a disc in anamorphic format on my home PC so it ca n't be that hard or expensive to do.If you have an older home theater system , this set being letterboxed may not matter to you but if you have a HDTV with your DVD player connected via HDMI , it is likely that you will not be able to watch this in other than letterbox format without lowering the resolution of your system.Come on , History Channel , move your DVD releases into the 21st Century .
 First let me say that I loved the historical account related by this series
 A critically important component of virtually all successful cinema is suspense , a perception of uncertainty within the viewer as to what may ensue from the events occurring upon the screen , whichever genre , present even when we know an outcome -LRB- APOLLO 13 -RRB- if the work is done well ; all of which is meant to point to a total absence of suspense in this weakly directed feature , that dully plods from scene to scene until its flat ending . Lloyd Bridges , cast as police sergeant Ed Stagg , has discovered that the husband -LRB- Frank Converse -RRB- of his daughter Tina -LRB- Sallie Shockley -RRB- is dallying with a local chippy and during Stagg 's attempts to end the adultery , he accidentally commits a murder , upon which he forges a plan to place responsibility for the crime upon a local inebriate , tangentially providing a question of the title
 It 's the luck of the draw I guess with old VHS tapes but my copy jammed in my VCR . I was also expecting this tape to contain the final episode of Inspector Morse but , from what I could tell before the jam , this seemed to be only commentaries on the entire series .
 This is the only Inspector Morse that disappointed me . The story is highly violent , unlikeable characters , and not believable that Morse could have been attracted to the woman who was murdered . Overall very disappointing .
 If your lookking for the latest on web design techniques , you will enjoy this teaching seminar . If you are looking for image improvement skills , color management to print , etc. , this set of tapes will leave you very disappointed .
 Just a warning - if this is the same as the English release -LRB- and logic would dictate it is -RRB- , then it has had the top and bottom chopped off to fill widescreen tvs . It was 4:3 , so on a widescreen set there should be black space at the sides , or `` pillarboxing '' . When will these people learn ? Original . Aspect . Ratio!All that said , buy the SD DVDs instead . Thunderbirds is still one of the greatest sci-fi action shows ever ! I can wait 'til they get their OAR blu-ray act together . When they do that , I 'll buy it in a heartbeat . My dad loved Thunderbirds , I love it , and my boy loves it too . F.A.B. ! O.A.R. ! I know people will slag me off for writng this before it 's out -LRB- the British version IS already out and people ARE already upset -RRB- , but I think it 's better that I write this before it 's perpetrated on more unsuspecting customers . And besides , everyone thinks my reviews are snobby anyway ... Repeat
 The video quality is n't really any noticeably better than the original set . I 'm not a fan of the slim cases either but if you 're looking to save space it 's a good option . I preferred the case art in the original set still . All that is here that 's new is a new box and a new interview . 5 star show , 1 star for just repackaging Gerry Anderson 's most famous supermarionation series again in the hopes of earning a few more bucks .
 've Been looking for this movie for a long time and I really was happy for have gotten it , what happened was that at PLACE THEM IN MY DVD The disappointment was that the film was poorly recorded ES MAS can not be viewed , say no more movies buy ME UBIECE LEAST lIKED THAT before sending THE REVISED UBIECEN !!
 Love the story , not the cussing.Was a little disappointed , had to get rid of it.Can ' t they make movies with out using Gods name every time .
 However , I did not like the DVD . I was disapointed at the lack of extras in the DVD version . It 's just the movie with the wide screen cut . If you do n't care about all the extras you could have seen , then pick it up it is better wide screen . I know because , I saw it in the theater and I bought the VHS version .
 When a film says it has chapter selection and subtitles , but has neither , though it does say it has 2 foreign language sub titles -LRB- has neither -RRB- then the disc is not any good to me.I will be returning this film .
 DVD DID N'T WORK AT ALL . IT WOULD SAY `` WRONG REGION '' OR `` WRONG DISC '' I would n't try to send it back because having to pay double postage .
 I hate to say this but I was disappointed . The entire movie was great , but the ending was cut off . The last 7 minutes of the movie was missing and went right into the credits .
 Really , I am stunned . This goes right next to that danged whale movie as a How in the World Are People Finding This an Empowering Story?I was led to believe it was about women playing baseball.No.It was about women who 'd rather be doing something else playing baseball , about sibling rivalry , and a big public service announcement that looks are really important and that fat people are subhumans that deserve to be punished . The only character that undergoes any growth is -LRB- surprise !!!! -RRB- a guy , Tom Hanks as the alcoholic manager who overcomes it when he has Something to live for.Rosie O'Donnell , the one athlete in the bunch , is a one-note as the fat person we are allowed to make fun of . Madonna is the one-note that , well , ya got ta have a designated slut if you have a bunch of women together . The dialog really gave Madonna enough to work with that she could have brought more to the character , but she chose not to . I am baffled that O'Donnell cooperated in her own pillorying . And really , what 's with calling her ugly , anyway ? I 'm a het woman and if I looked in the mirror only to see Rosie O'Donnell , that would be fine . Oh , I know what 's wrong -- she 's not skinny . Got it.We are expected to be appalled at the fake newsreels where the women ball players are made to put on lipstick and powder their shiny noses , and we are not allowed to notice that this film displays the same silly , dehumanizing emphasis on looks over substance.In the bus scene , the little boy is made to terrorize the team members until he gets chocolate . He is , of course , a hefty kid -- just in case we had n't noticed yet that fat is bad , and that women are to blame , the mom gets the kid to stop his tantrum with a treat . If this movie addressed how women really behave in groups , there would be a scene or two with someone trying to find the little boy something to do during the stupifying bus ride.But you see , we ca n't have women with real emotions in movies . There can be no real drive -- only competition between individuals . There can be nothing nurturing or generous -- unless it is of the passive , subservient kind , such as Geena Davis 's character throwing the game.What a horrible film .
 I 've seen this movie . Even with Tom Hanks , Jon Lovitz and Geena Davis staring in it . I just could n't enjoyed it . I found that both Madonna 's character and Rosie O'Donnell 's character were just flat awful . It took away from the movie , itself .
 Poor action movie and Linda is more like an extra than a main player . She has maybe 15 minutes of on-screen presence and she is never close to nude.Only buy if you get into GRADE B 80 's movies .
 The short film , `` A Journey to Darfur , '' is far from the best documentary on the Darfur crisis . Its principle distinctions are that it features George Clooney and can be watched in less than half an hour . The film is intended as a quick introduction to the situation and , as such , is barely serviceable and should come with several important caveats.One does not hear the voices of Darfuris front and center . Moreover , the analysis of why the crisis is occurring and what can be done is crude indeed . Instead of `` A Journey to Darfur , '' I recommendDarfur Diaries
 I did n't like this DVD . I am an intermediate guitar player who never learned any theory . After deciding to learn some I purchased this and it was everything I expected . It is a bunch of diagrams and shots of a guy 's hand playing notes on a guitar neck . The information is valid and you can learn chord theory from this but it is really boring to watch and there is hardly any qualifying information . I found a couple of guys on youtube that did much better jobs of teaching this material - and it was free . Also , the lessons revolve around reading sheet music - who reads sheet music anymore ? I need TAB !
 Is anyone else having issues with these discs ? When you first place the discs in the player , it skips over the main menus . Then the `` menu '' button will only start and stop the episode selected , but it will not return you to the main menu . There is no Spanish or Portuguese dubbed audio on the discs -LRB- despite what the menus and packaging claim -RRB- and the episodes automatically play with Spanish subtitles even when the subtitles are turned `` off . '' The only way to avoid this is to choose `` other '' subtitles with the remote . This appears to be an authoring issue , as I am using a two year-old Sony Dream System DVD player and have not had these issues with previous seasons . I 'm exchanging my discs immediately , but I have a feeling they might all be bad . Anyone else hear about these issues ?
 With all the violence in the world , do we really need to sit through a movie where two women torture and beat the living daylights out of each other ? I could not endure this flick to it 's `` painfully ironic ending ... ''
 This is not the Gangster Chronicles series . The original Gangster Wars was released on 2 VHS cassettes -LRB- part 1 and 2 -RRB- this is not it . It is a cut down editors version and is a mess without any continuity and should not be sold as such .
 How does one reduce a great mini-series like Gangster Chronicles to a 2 hour movie -LRB- Gangster Wars -RRB- ? Not very well ! The result omits major parts of the miniseries , is choppy , and difficult to follow . Mobsters is a much better alternative , but is still not Gangster Chronicles - I want the original !
 Please can someone tell me how to get the full NBC mini series of ` Gangster Chronicles ' ? Mail me at cifeacho@hotmail.com
 I remember the original NBC tv series , as it started my love affair with gangster films . This movie has taken all of the `` guts '' from the mini series , leaving it complete flop in all regards . Joe Penny and the rest of the cast deserve better than this butchered mess . I WANT the original at just about any cost . Can someone help me find it . E-mail me at theasburygroup@yahoo.com Thanks .
 Younger children may enojy nuts talking and mice fighting the soldiers but all of this comes in way too long at 48min . I initially thought the Amazon Editorial Review by Doug Thomas was alittle harse but after watching this , it was kind . It may have had some chance at 22min -LRB- think of your favorite Christmas Special - most are for a 30min time slot - with the Rudolph classic set for 1hr -RRB- . I knew Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer and this is no Rudolph !
 The so-called computer animation is terrible at best and the story line makes absolutley no sense . It 's quite obvious that any positive review mention online here were from the film makers .
 I ca n't understand how anyone can like this movie . I dunno , maybe I 've been spoiled by Toy Story and the like , but this movie was simply not good . The musical numbers reeked and the characters were annoying , especially the whiney blonde chick who looked like she was half asleep most of the time and that bimbo of a nutcracker with that idiot grin of his . There 's no way I 'd pay $ 1 for this movie , let alone $ 14 .
 I ordered this videobased upon the trailer on the Muppets From Space video . What a disappointment ! The animation is mediocre and the plot does n't make any sense . I do not recommend this video ; there are many children 's videos which are far more interesting , creative and funny . Spend your money on them .
 judging from all the fruit on the cover , i 'd have to give this movie a high rating ... FIVE STARS , YOU MORONS !
 I loved the humor , and the Rat , err , Mouse King 's antics , but what I could n't stand was the religous stuff . It 's not advertised on the front , and it 's not mentioned in any of the reviews i read on this , or even in the preview trailer . It kind of bugs me to have this great christmas classic tarnished everytime Peabo Bryson decides to sing us a song . In every scene that accompanied his songs , it seemed like Marie and the gang were in church . I actually had to watch it again to make sure i was n't imaging them . Now if I wanted VeggieTales , I 'd buy it . Other than that , it 's a goofy movie that keeps my kids plenty entertained .
 I thought that this dvd was a video dvd , with Barrys image on it , but it turns out that it is only a dvd just like the cd A Christmas Gift Of Love . The scenes were supposed to move on the dvd but I couldnt get them to move . This is not a good dvd ,
 I thought this was going to be a live performance from KENNY G.instead this was just a recording with a fire place burning not what i was expecting .
 THE TITLE SAYS IT ALL . LOOKS LIKE SOMETHING I SHOT IN MY BACKYARD , DO N'T WASTE YOU 'RE TIME OR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't expect to see any more than is on the cover . About as erotic as the Wall Street Journal . I 'd give this zero stars if that were an option . Actually , negative stars if I could . Avoid .
 I 've been buying the facts of life seasons one by one . I now have the first 5 seasons , So when I went to get season 6 it was nowhere in site . The same goes for seasons 7,8 and 9 . I ca n't find them anywhere . I like the series but I 'm very disappointed that I ca n't find the rest of them . I am on notification if they do come .
 I bought this for my daughter and both of the disks skip so bad that several of the episodes are not viewable . She is very disappointed in that and so am I . The review stated that it was in excellent condition .
 I do n't know why Amazon is showing this cover for this movie . It is not the correct cover.This movie stars James Brolin as Michael Wakefield , an innkeeper with a deep , dark secret - Which was the original TV movie 's title
 My greatest beef with this movie is , that the sound track is different from most other movies , which makes it necessary to go through a special setup each time of the DVD player , which then has to be reversed when going back to regular movies again . A time waster at best .
 I enjoy this video but it is not one of my favorites . Some of the movements are awkward for your knees . The last segment # 3 is not intended for people with knee problems and she states this . I have had complete reconstruction of my knee and I am not able to do the last segment . I tried it once and lasted about two minutes ; it is very jarring to the knee . I love most of Tamilee 's videos but this is not one of her best .
 I really enjoyed this video on the whole . It will certainly get your buns in shape within a couple of weeks . The only negative part of the video was that some of the views of Tamilee were inappropriate . It seems as though the video was trying to focus on her body as opposed to the routine . On a number of occasions , we are shown Tamilee 's bare buttocks in her thong fitness outfit . This is totally unprofessional ! It is obvious that she wanted to expose her rear end during the video to sell more copies ! Is it really necessary to walk around without any clothes on to sell your video ?
 The main plot of this story is that a killer is trying to kill millions of kids by putting on his scary masks . But , it kind of ruins the Halloween series . What I mean is after you make a series , you never want to go off the subject . A Nightmare on Elm Street did n't , Friday the 13th did n't , and Hellraiser did n't .
 BAD MOVIE . . TAKE THE STORY AWAY FROM HALLOWEEN 1 AND 2 . THERE IS NO MICHAEL MYERS IN THIS ONE , HE IS N'T EVEN MENTIONED . THEY SHOULD HAVE NAMED IT THE SEASON OF THE WITCH . THIS SHOULD N'T BE A PART OF THE HALLOWEEN SERIES . THAT SAID , THE MOVIE STINKS . IT IS DRAWN OUT AND BY THE FIRST DEATH , YOU DO N'T EVEN CARE WHO DID IT . BY THE MIDDLE YOU HAVE IT ALL FIGURED OUT AND STILL DO N'T CARE . THE ACTORS TRY TO BE BELIEVABLE IN THIS ONE , BUT IT SHOWS THAT THEY CA N'T WAIT UNTIL IT IS OVER TOO . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME . THE TRUE CONTINUATION OF THIS SERIES IS HALLOWEEN H2O .
 I love the &#34; jingle &#34; in this movie -LRB- x more days till Halloween , Halloween , Halloween etc -RRB- and being born on Halloween , it is even more fun . Now how do I get my movie ?????
 Michael Myers is n't even in this sequel , that made it stupid and the plot sucked and there was absolutely no reason to make it . they should n't have called it a Halloween movie , it was a discrace to all the other Halloween movies which rocked .
 This is a very lacklustere attempt at continuing the ` Halloween ` franchise . The film does contain some very stylish death scenes , but is very sick in the sense that children are the intended victims . Altogether unpleasant .
 This Halloween movie was lame . It is the only movie that does n't have Michael Myers in it , and the only movie in the Halloween series that does n't have Donald Pleasance in it besides Halloween : H20 because he died after filming of the sixth movie . It also brought an approach on sex and drugs . I would not reccomend this movie to anyone and probably would n't stay awake through it again .
 Halloween 3 does not have Michael Myers All it is is a mad scientist plans on murdering evry trick or treater in the world.No reason for making it . Brief Clip of the original Halloween shown
 Michael Myers is n't in this one . Need I say more ? This movie sucked ! It was lame and it resembled more of a BODY SNATCHERS type of film . Explicilty bloody , but still sucked as far as plot . This film is a disgrace to be known as HALLOWEEN III ! Do n't even bother renting this one . You 'll just be wasting your money and time .
 This movie is readly bad . It has some decent special effects , but thats it.The acting was bad , the plot was also bad and all I can say is , `` Michael Myers , come back !!!! ''
 Judging by who got `` helpful '' and `` unhelpful '' votes here , it seems I have stumbled onto a Santa Mira-esque pocket of people that think this was a good movie . Fair enough . I too have my `` pet '' horror favorites that everyone else on the planet thinks are complete crap and have tasted the ridicule that comes with defending them . Having said that , here is my honest 2 cents on this film.I am old enough to remember when it came out , and the horror it caused . Not because it is scary , but because the audience felt gipped over the absence of Michael Meyers , and rightfully so . Using the name bordered on fraud , but having read the other reviews here I can see the producers were actually trying to do something different . Kudos to them . But it did n't work.The first half of this film ai n't bad . I had seen bits and pieces over the years , but not until this year during a horror-fest on TV did I finally -LRB- after 22 years -RRB- see the whole shebang . I was so intrigued by the first hour I taped the second half when I had to leave the house , so I could catch the rest when I returned . Now I wish I had n't . This movie is terrible . I mean horrendously bad . The concept is kind of intriguing until we get the ridiculous wooden-nickel payoff -LRB- Stonehenge ? What ? Huh ? -RRB- . The craven attempt to get the trademark Halloween piano soundtrack in by showing the movie on TV in the background is less funny than pathetic . The script is garbage and the acting is not good enough to make up for it . The female lead climbing into bed with the doctor before her father is even cold is unseemly . And the scene where her clone-robot keeps attacking him again and again despite losing limbs had me screaming with laughter . If she 'd said , `` The Black Knight always triumphs ! '' and tried to bite his kneecap it could n't have been funnier . And the ending is awful . Am I supposed to believe a raving man making an anonymous phone call could convince 2 of 3 networks to pull the ads of a huge corporation at the very last moment , based on his insistence that the commercial was evil ? Hell , if that worked , I 'd try it every time that damn Nextel commercial came on.I 'm no big fan of Mr. Meyers movies overall , but even that mouth-breathing nut job deserved better than to have his name attached to this ka-ka . Anyone who pays money for this DVD needs to be sharing a cell next to him in the nut house . Do n't worry , though . You 'll have no trouble escaping .
 In 1982 , director , Tommy Lee Wallace , with the help of original HALLOWEEN producers , John Carpenter -LRB- director of the original Halloween -RRB- and Debra Hill , had directed the film , HALLOWEEN III
 I agree with everyone else that although the lack of Michael Meyers was insulting the first time I saw this movie , provided that the movie is still scary it 's tolerable . After seeing the documentary on the Halloween 25th Anniversary disc it was clear that John Carpenter did not want this to be a series and therefore was trying different things as he had no idea where to go with the series . This was his attempt at making the Halloween series not about Michael Meyers , but instead about scary stories and Michael being only one of these stories . I can swallow all that , but why in the world did we get this load of trash as a follow up?It 's Halloween time and that means that it 's time to get a costume . The Silver Shamrock company not only has a killer ad campeign -LRB- along with a wonderfully annoying song -RRB- , but they also have a wide selection of high quality masks to choose from . There 's a catch though , once you view the special commercial that is due to air on Halloween evening your head turns to bugs and you die . Now it 's up to a few people to try to stop this chaos before it rains on the entire country , for if that message plays on Halloween night , a significant population will fall dead!Okay , there are about four hundred reasons why this movie is garbage and about three reasons why it 's good . I 'll be fair and even the stakes a little . First , here 's why it was good . The storyline does hold water and flows quite well , and there are a few scenes -LRB- like the pumpkin mask scene -RRB- where you get truly creeped out . Although John Carpenter did n't write it Tommy Lee Wallace does give decent writing , the concept of the movie when you look at it on a grand scale will leave you fearing the possibility that it could actually happen -LRB- which is what this series was founded on -RRB- . It also has a decent star-studded cast that makes the acting in the movie much better than most horror films and definitely realistic . The problem with the film is that it is n't a slasher film , which is fine provided that you have n't already set that expectation , however since it has been set this movie disappoints those that will see it first and expect to see it most . Although Michael Meyers is n't in it , if he was replaced by a decent villian we may forgive and possibly even forget , however a sadistic toymaker seems like it came from a 60 's comic book . The '' __ more days till Halloween '' theme is a pathetic replacement to the original theme , which makes me wonder why they tried to fix something that was n't broken , if you 're going to keep the name , please keep the theme song!There , I 've vented . This movie needs no special treatment , it 's widescreen , it 's clean -LRB- although it 's not widely rented so you 'll probably find decent VHS copies as well -RRB- , and it 's got sound . There 's no special features , but this movie was a complete disappointment from start to finish . I 've heard plenty of people give this movie credit , but I just ca n't . I 'm a completist to nearly the ultimate degree , but I have yet to add this movie to my collection although I did rent it just to be sure . No matter who you are , fan of the series or not , rent this first otherwise it will be watched once -LRB- if you 're strong enough to make it to the end -RRB- and collect dust among your other Halloween movies . I 've actually been to all night marathons where this movie is vetoed off the playlist -LRB- in fact , every session I go to it 's vetoed off the playlist -RRB- . In conclusion
 What the @ # $ % dude , Halloween is supposed to be SCARY and it 's supposed to include MICHAEL MYERS , the guy who the HALLOWEEN MOVIES ARE ABOUT !!!!!!! Do n't even watch this show it is not even scary !!!! Scariness - 5.5 / 10Sound - 6/10Acting - 8.5 / 10Gore - 8.8 / 10Don ' t waste your time or money !
 Not at all impressed with this movie . It is misleading to have the halloween title as it has nothing to do with the original movie . Nice try Mr Carpenter , but not a hit with me .
 OK so everyone knows that Michael Myers is n't in Halloween 3 and that is strange , hence the name HALLOWEEN since all of the other films have Michael in them . But just because Michael is n't in Halloween 3 does n't make it bad . What makes it bad ? Practically everything . It was a very childish and stupid plot with okay actors , but not that great . There is nothing at all good about this movie ! If you are a big Michael Myers fan than be prepared to be dissapointed .
 The worst of the series . so bad it made me sick
 I 've had the pleasure or the displeasure , considering your persuasion in regard to shocking horror movies , to view the third installment of Halloween , Season of the Witch . Who 's idea was it to attach the Halloween moniker to this movie was clearly looking to capitalize on the popularity of the previous two movies featuring Laura Strode , Dr. Loomis and Michael Myers . This second sequel to Halloween has almost no connection with its predecessors , primarily because it does n't feature any of the said characters.What Season does feature is an interesting plot involving a Druid plan to execute the ultimate prank
 Halloween 3 is one of the suckest Halloween films of all . No Michael Myers , not even the Witch itself . So why Season of the Witch ? I do n't know . Halloween and the others kick ass . Halloween H20 is one of Michael Myers latest and I 'm hoping he returns toward to the 8th chapter in the Halloween series .
 Buy or rent this movie only if you have nothing else to do with 2 hours of your life . Not only did this movie not belong in the series , it had a moronic plot , poor effects , poor acting and a annoying little song to accompany it . `` Ten more days 'till halloween '' ... -LRB- aka , London Bridge is falling down -RRB- . I watched it once because I WAS dedicated to the series . Stick with Halloween , Halloween 2 and Halloween H20 . Be true to your ghoul !
 I saw this movie on TNT a couple of years ago and I really did n't like this sequel of Halloween it was n't like the others . At least they had the theatrical trailer to the first Halloween film in the movie shown on the TV at the scene where that main guy is in the bar . They should of just named the title Season of the Witch instead of naming it Halloween 3 . I think that 's really messed up when they came up with that title and not have Michael Myers in it . Now if it was just named Season of the Witch then it would be an okay movie but I do n't think this is a good sequel . Trust me , IT 'S NOT A GOOD SEQUEL !
 No Michael Myers this time . Just about some evil toy maker that has a plan to kill the population of small kids in America on halloween using lethal halloween masks . No relation to the first two halloween movies , a complete waste of time .
 This movie should have been named something else ! It 's not a true sequel to the other 2 `` Halloween '' movies.This movie made no sense !!!! I 'd rather stick to better horror films like `` Carrie '' and `` The Exorcist '' .
 Halloween three did something great that the later halloween movies stepped on ... it tried to change the series . I am a long time fan of the halloween michael myers series -LRB- 1-6 that is -RRB- , bu i can honestly say it was dragged on a bit too long . Halloween three trie to take it in a new direction which could have given the halloween series far more potential for future great movies . However fans of Halloween three over look one small fact ... the movie sucked . It had a nonsense script with a failure villian who had the worst way ofattacking his victims ... selling thewm halloween masks . had this movie been done with a little more style then maybe we 'd still be seeing new , original halloween movies roll out , but face the facts people original or not good idea or not this movie was terrible .
 A movie about a man who manufactures halloween masks which will kill all the children who wear them on Halloween night.For the fans of Michael Myers , do n't expect to see him here ! This movie has no ties to the previous two , or to the future installments of Halloween . As for the movie itself ... The plot was n't very good . The only good thing about it was the ending , which was quite suspenseful . The other thing I did n't like about the movie was the stupid jingle from the commercial that ran on the TVs of the unsuspecting children . The jingle got stuck in my head and I found myself whistling the tune for several days!Don ' t waste your money on this one ! TV stations seem to play this movie every halloween , so you can always catch it then . I would n't recommend this movie to anyone .
 No Michael Myers , No point!This film is totally oblivious to the original series as this should not really be titled as a halloween sequel . It may have worked better if it had just been called SEASON OF THE WITCH minus the halloween 3 title . I 'm collecting all the halloween films , but I will leave this one out . Very unimpressive . Fans will be dissapointed .
 If your expecting Michael Myers , Donald Pleasance or Jamie Lee Curtis , then this is not the film for you . It really does not belong alongside the others and just cashes in on the fame the original achieved . As a horror film aside from the Halloween series it is quite novel with an intreresting idea for a plot , even if it was a bit slow at first .
 Halloween 3 was one of the most Pathetic Movies ever made If you are a hardcore fan of Michael Myers you will Cry I only Got this just to have all of them
 This movie is one of the stupidest and most boring movies of all time . Do n't watch it because it has absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the series . Michael Myers is n't even in it ! The plot centers around some pumpkin but I do n't really remember because I fell asleep during it.This shows that the people making the Halloween movies are really confused . I mean seriously , what the heck was the point of this movie ? Why is it part of the series?This is trash that 's meant to be kept in the trashcan and not in a DVD case .
 the halloween films r pretty good but they didnt hav good plots but they were excellent.But when i saw this movie at a local movie store i bought it.I made the biggest mistake of my life!there is stuff that dont make sense lik snakes comin out of kids mouths and ppl who bleed green blood.And most of all where the f *** is MICHAEL MYERS?the director wanted 2 get away from the psychotic madman and made this.Well my opinon is i lik psychos such as freddy krueger , jason voorhees , leatherface , and the leprechaun slashin ppl up not a dumb movie about weirdcommercials where wen u wear a mask a snake coms outt a yer mouth and destroy a GREAT collection of slasha films.So my opinion next tym stay wit tha psycho DONT pursue anotha stupid plot !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie has nothing to do with HALLOWEEN 1 and 2 it is a dumb plot with dump special effects . They should n't have named this Haloween 3 it screwed up the whole series.Don ' t bother seeing this if your a horror buff -LRB- like me -RRB- but if you like watching dumb movies for 99 minutes give it a try.If you want to see the horror masked pyscho killer again I RECCOMEND
 ah ... um ... well , my brother picked this up not too long ago , and , well ... it sucks ! it 's the WORST of the whole series!i thought it would have to do with the mask Michael wears in the others , but not a FICKEN THING !!!!!!!!!!!! I gave it two stars because i liked the killing scene in the hospital , but then i took one because of how bad the rest was ...
 This movie is discraseful ! It is is tasteless , boring , and STUPID ! The plot is ridicilous , the characters are horrible , and the script is possibly the stupidest piece of s * #t ever written . Tom Atkins might be the worst hero ever ! He plays a doctor investigating a patient 's murder , and why the murderer lit himself on fire . THe res is to stupid to even bother talking about ! Do n't see it , or else you 'll be those poor little kids having bugs and snakes coming out of your mouth.p.s - it has nothing to do with Micheal Myers . Sorry .
 This movie had NOTHING to do w / the story line of `` Halloween '' . I 'm sorry but if your going to make a sequel to a film , atleast stick w / the STORYLINE.No Michael Myers and if my memory serves me right , I think Michael Myers was the main character in the series . I personally think the sequels should of died off after Halloween 2 , but that 's just me.I suppose the storyline was `` OK '' but a bit too predictable when you start getting torwards the middle , atleast too me it was . The only thing I liked about the film was the annoying adverisement for the masks . . I think they spent too much time on that and not enough time on the storyline ... It got boring after a while ... Not worth buying or renting , I may add . If you want to see it , wait until it comes on telly and watch it then , that 's just my opinion of course ...
 How else can I put this ? This is one of the worst horror movies ever made . I love the Halloween series and I have every Halloween movie on DVD including this one only because I did n't want a blank spot in my collection -LRB- was a gift -RRB- . It took me about 4 months of it sitting on my DVD rack before I finally watched it one night . Big mistake ! I ca n't believe that some people rated this with 5 stars . Oh my ! If they rated part 3 that high , any of the other parts should be rated off the scale . .
 This is totally of track with the previous Halloween movies I & II , no Michael Myers . The entire plot is so lame it hurts to watch . This is by far the worst thing John Carpenter has done and should have never been released . Truly I wish I could say something positive about it but I ca n't because there is nothing good about this movie . DON `` T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie is HORRIBLE !!! It is a waste of time and money . The plot moves very slow and is n't exciting at all . Also for those of you that do n't know ... This one has nothing to do with Michael Myers . -LRB- I knew this before watching -RRB- Do n't waste your time . The only thing I could even see getting this movie for is to complete a Halloween collection . However , many horror fans that I know still leave this one out of their collection .
 The producers of Halloween 1 and 2 Debra Hill and John Carpenter decided at the time since Michael Myers was killed off they should try a different idea . How wrong they were to do that . At the time the cinemas and theatres worldwide were crowded with obsessive horror fans expecting to see their idol , their hero , Michael Myers return once more . Unfortunately what they saw was entirely different . Conan Carloch an evil toymaker has a plan ; to murder millions of children with halloween masks that seem to take on a life of their own . It is up to somebody to put a stop to it . This film bombed big time at the box office much to Carpenter 's and Hill 's disapointment . What they needed to do was to bring back Michael and that is exactly what they did in Halloween 4 : The Return of Michael Myers which saved Carpenter 's career from turning into a crying shame . This film may have done ok if the title had been penned differently but other than this a terrible film , with bad acting and a silly idea overall . I would n't recommend it to any horror fan whatsoever .
 Has NOTHING to do with the others ... it 's brutal
 This has to be the biggest gyp in horror movie history . Im not irate that Michael Myers wasnt in this one but this movie is not scary plain and simple . The plot is this . A toyship dies so a guy and his daugher investigate the death . They later find out that it was a conspiracy involving corporate weasels as well a sorcerer with an evil scheme up the sleeve . The kids in the town wear these shamrock masks and through the TV screen , a program involving a flashing pumpkin and cheesey polka music turns the heads of those children into bugs and serpents . After sitting through this long and tedious movie you would wish you had a shamrock mask too . Like I said in the beginning . Michael Myers not being in this movie is not why I trash it
 that still doesnt excuse this horrid mess of a movie to even ever get made . I watched it from beginning to end with the one question on my mind . How the hell did this even get a Halloween name attached to it ? Actually scratch that i dont even wan na know at all . I know it seems to be the case in loads of horror movies . But what the freak is the deal with having to have a shower scene ? It isnt really necessary if the actor/actress wan na sleep together just get it over with . Speaking of it didnt take dude long in this movie to get with a woman he had met maybe a day or so before.The villian in this one already had issues prior to you even seeing him . With the stupid and corny commercial that aired with a skull and a couple other type masks . Is it just me or did people really not care about stuff like that at all . There is one death scene in particular where someone gets something important removed from their body . If you watch it you 'll know exactly what i 'm talking about . Not a bad death scene but just a tad bit cheesy at the same time.Again i wont spoil the movie for those that still wan na see it . But if you do at the very least get someone else to pay for the movie for you . That way you wont feel robbed , cheated and taken for a ride with a movie that had reason to be called a Halloween anything . The `` freaky looking masks '' maybe but not Halloween.Also i 'm sure others knew Mike Myers wasnt in the movie . But that still doesnt give it an excuse to be an utter , horrible peace of crap . I 've never given a movie or anything else only 1 star before but this one so deserves and gets that honor.Enjoy it not . .
 WTF ?????? Note to movie makers out there
 I seen this movie because a Halloween all nighter wason a feseveral years ago and I have to say this is theworst movie I 've ever seen . The plot is dreaful ... Somerich dude is trying to kill kids by selling masks thatmelt thier faces as they watch some lame TV program.How dumb is that?Then we have Tom Atkins the big hero . What ???? You meanthis is the guy we are supposed to root for ? Somepersonality less old man that honestly is n't much of ahero is all . In fact , he should n't have been in a movieanyway . If John Carpenter was just trying to take thisseries in a different direction he went all wrong aboutit . Sure the Michael Myers series really was n't all thatgreat , but it was n't bad enough to have the series turnedlike this . What a horrible movie !
 This movie really blew chunks . The acting is boring , there is n't a storyline until the end , and everything else is bad . Take my advice and do n't see this movie , see Halloween Ressurection .
 I rented this movie once about 4 years ago , and was so disappointed that I wanted my money back ! It 's incredible how one film can bring a horror series spiraling downward . Instead of having Michael Myers continuing his onslaught , we are introduced to a madmad who makes Halloween masks for kids , that have this Silver Shamrock label attached to them . When the kids watch the advertisement for the Silver Shamrock on TV while wearing the masks , their heads shink and are fried ... . I guess . I can still remember the `` demonstration '' kid and how his head shrank , then bugs , then worms came out of his mouth , then a yellow rat snake , then a rattlesnake , which bit the father ! It was so rediculous that I laughed . Needless to say , I was n't laughing an any other point during the movie . I was waiting for something exciting to happen but nothing did . I would have given this movie 0 stars if I had the option.Atkins seems to drop out of nowhere in this movie . He tries to stop the madman by having this girl lead him on a trail to his factory , where he is destroyed along with his Silver Shamrocks , -LRB- Wow , was that jingle annoying ! -RRB- . Then the girl turns out to be a robot , and he made love to her earlier ? Yeah right . The plot did n't go anywhere , and neither did the action . This was not a horror film at all , but more like those ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE DARK ? episodes they used to show on Nickelodeon , and even some of those were scary.I have no idea what John Carpenter had in mind when he made this . It is a good thing he took a backseat as producer or he would have been even more humiliated . I 'm guessing he tried something new and it did n't work . I personally think that Carpenter was considering making a whole series of Halloween movies with different stories . He started off with the Michael Myers story , and it was supposed to end after Halloween 2 . Then he tried to introduce this theme that never got off the ground . If `` Halloween III '' was removed from the title , it might help resolve this film 's bad reputation as an intruder to the Halloween series , though it would n't improve the quality of the film itself . The movie also has nothing to do with witches . Take the time to not watch this one and stick to the first two .
 If I had just one question to ask director John Carpenter it would have to be `` what were you thinking when you made Halloween 3
 This is unbelievably horrible ! This movie dose n't even have anything to do with Michael Myers . Why would anyone keep the name `` Halloween '' and make it about some man making mask ??? If you like boring , and disappointing movies this is the movie to see .
 That when I was looking through the video store that the cover was the coolest part of this movie . Upon viewing it again , my opinion never changed . This sick piece of crap appears to just be a lazy moneymaking scheme , and the makers of this movie do n't even have Michael Myers to show for it.Its 1982 and we 're away from the terrifying confines of Haddonfield and now in Nowheresville , California , where a diabolical mind is planning to spew forth cockroaches into the faces of thousands of innocent children on Halloween night with a Halloween mask , mwuhaaahaha ! I had to call the Orkin Man , because I thought this entire movie was a pest . I never understood several things . Who were those tall , unkillable tall dudes who seemed to blow themselves up ? Or how can a thousand bugs crawl out of a Hallowen mask without being noticed at first ? And lastly , why did John Capenter and Debra Hill agree to have anything to do with this utter and complete waste of time ? The gore is actually kept to a minimal here , although there is a brutal , tasteless scense where an innocent child is slaughtered . The ending was the stupidest part of this movie , where the lousy actor Tom Atkins screams ` No ! ' repeatedly just like in Invasion Of The Body Snatchers . Oops , did I just give away the ending ? My bad , but I trust that even if you do see this then you wo n't feal cheated.My condolences to any future viewers , Bill
 This Is By Far the worst Horror Movie ive ever watched.I really cant say anyting else about it.It could have been good , but the Director didnt succesfully put the story to film.Its worth watching once , Just so you say youve seen the worst horror movie ever made .
 FIRST OF ALL , LET ME SAY THIS . THIS SEQUEL HAS NOTHING AT ALL TO DO WITH '' HALLOWEEN '' 1 OR 2 . THIS ONE IS ABOUT AN EVIL COMPANY THAT MAKES MASKS . THEIR PLAN IS TO KILL KIDS ON HALLOWEEN WITH HYPNOTIC COMMERCIALS . NOW REALLY , WHAT IS THIS MOVIE DOING IN THIS SERIES ? NOBODY CARES ABOUT AN EVIL MASK COMPANY ! PEOPLE WAN NA SEE MICHAEL MYERS ! THIS IS ONE OF THE POOREST EXCUSES FOR A HORROR SEQUEL . TOM ATKINS DOES A DECENT JOB AS DR. CHALLIS , THE MAN WHO TRIES TO STOP THE COMPANY FROM KILLING A BUNCH OF INNOCENT KIDS ON HALLOWEEN , BUT HE CA N'T SAVE THIS MOVIE FROM BEING A TOTAL DISASTER . I 'D ADVISE ANYONE NOT TO PICK UP THIS MOVIE FOR ANY REASON . YOU WILL BE HIGHLY DISSAPOINTED WITH WHAT IT HAS TO OFFER .
 Now . . that really makes no sense , does it ? If you want a break from Michael Myers , then do n't watch Halloween movies -LRB- makes sense , huh ? -RRB- . I could n't bare to watch the whole thing because , honestly , it sucked . It really did n't seem to have a plot at all , and it 's mainly about some guy who cheats on his wife ... woo hoo , not exactly Halloweeny , is it?Watch it if you really have NOTHING else to do ... I have to say that it is , indeed , horrible .
 This movie absolutely sucks , it has nothing to do with Halloween or Halloween II . They wasted their time on this one . What the hell are they thinking not involving Michael Meyers or at least his mask . Duh !
 No Donald Pleasence , no Michael Myers , no point at all.The weakest of the series .
 Avid HALLOWEEN fan , but this one is ridiculous . Please do not waste your money on this one . Were I to buy the series on DVD , I would not want this one . Has absolutely nothing to do with Michael Myers or Haddonfield and has no relevance whatsoever to the series . I love almost any horror flick but I could n't even sit through this one , and that is so rare for me . In fact , I ca n't recall any other horror movie I did n't watch through . Rubbish !
 Out of all of the halloween movies this was the only one I did n't like , and not only did I not like it , I absolutley despised it and thought it was the worst movie ever made and will probably be the worst movie of all time . It does n't even deserve to be called Halloween , there 's no Meyers , no Loomis , and no Jaimee Lee Curtis . I for one think that all copies of this movie should be gathered together , put in a huge pit , soaked with gasoline , and then burned in to ashes , and let us never speak of this monstrosity again !
 This is the most horrible excuse for a movie that I have ever witnessed , and I want my two hours that I wasted seeing this back .
 I actually give the makers of this movie credit for trying to do something different then the standard slasher sequal . The whole anthology concept for this series might have had potential . Unfortunately this film is kind of a miss . Witchcraft , robots , science fiction , magic masks that turns peoples ' heads into bugs , a really bazaar plot for mass murder . It is watchable , so there is a certain entertainment value there , even if it is n't that good .
 i have not seen this movie yet but i dont want to . i think it is a disgrace to all halloween movies . it doesnt even have michael myers in it .
 this has nothing to do with halloween 1 or two this is just another way to bank off the name . there is no myers in this film . this is crap even if it was tittled something different it still would suck . halloween 4 is the sequel to halloween 2 not 3
 first of all it has nothing to do with the famous Michael Myers searching for Laurie Strode -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis -RRB- series , which , sorry people but it is SOOO not played out !! Not too mention it 's the dumbest movie I 've ever seen , there 's really not much of a plot , and the main actor who 's made out to be some sorta hottie looks like he got run over by a mack truck !! Also , I had the horrible jingle `` eight more days till Halloween ... Halloween ... Halloween ... eight more days till Halloween ... SILVER SHAMROCK ! '' stuck in my head for like two weeks !! TERRIBLE !!
 This has nothing to do with the Halloween franchise in any way . i only own this because for some stupid reason its part of the Halloween collection . either way this is not worth watching and is completley useless . this movie is proof that anyone can make a terrible sequal when they try something different and far fetched . save your money and get the rest of the Halloween movies instead of this .
 im a big halloween fan so this disappointed me . i think the plot wasnt good at all . i can usually watch a movie the whole way through , but not this one . i know people are tired of hearing this but its not the same without michael meyers . this movie has no relation to the previous halloween movies . im sorry but i wont waste my money on this dvd
 This never should have been made.I mean , what kind of movie kills off children ? That is just morally sick.I would n't waste a single cent on this piece of garbage .
 I would not recommend this to fans of Michael Myers . However , if you like a good horror/sci-fi movie , this is a great movie for you.The story line was good , but i rate it 1 because I like the halloween series because of Michael Myers .
 Just ... do n't . I tried watching it , I really did ... this neither follows nor references the Halloween franchise , and lacks * any * discernible theme or plot . Seriously - what did I just watch 40 minutes of ?
 I love the Halloween movies , so , one would think that this would be part of the others . It had nothing to do with Michael Myers at all . Completely seperate movie and they should not have been allowed to call it Halloween III .
 Halloween III has nothing to do with Michael Myers and the orginal Halloween . The box office sales were even below Halloween II , the movie was so poorly made . That Halloween IV , was called , the return of Michael Myers to boost ticket sales . Halloween II-H20 are nothing more than a joke as Halloween 4,5,6 show an ageing Donald Plesance .
 oh ... my ... God ! this movie totally screwed the whole HALLOWEEN series ! what the heck was Carpenter thinking ?! why would he want to screw his rep as a once admired director for this ! did michael want to take a year off or something ? spend halloween with the wife and kids ? , i mean , come on ! a word to the wise
 This film is quite possibly the worst movie I 've ever seen . Oh , it 's true ... What a waste of time ! No Mike Myers , Jamie Lee or the Doctor ? Why even have `` Halloween '' in the title then ? There 's absolutely nothing scary here except maybe the acting and cheesy effects . Horrible !! 100 % USDA Garbage
 Ok , lets get this right out in the open for some of the other reviewers that do not know what they are talking about . John Carpenter , had NOTHING to do with this movie . The only one he ever had anything to do with was the orginal . Which by the way is by far the best of the bunch . I do n't really even count the others at all . Well , maybe the second one , it was n't too bad.As for this movie , I 'll be honest I 've never even watched it . I guess I 'll rent it someday and see what it 's all about . At least it does n't have Michael Myers in it , which is good , cause in my opinion he died after the second movie . I do think they should of changed the name of this though . I mean , every Halloween movie has had a different director , naming this one part III does n't even make any sense at all .
 This has got to be one of the most boring and tedious movies I have EVER seen , not just out of the Halloween films . The problem is n't that Michael Meyers is not in it . The plot is SO stupid , and the `` action '' does n't even start until the last 20 minutes or so . It 's not scary at all , is just boring , boring , BORING . It should n't even be considered a horror film . I 'd put it under science-fiction . Avoid this film at all cost . It was n't worth the money to make it , and is n't worth the money to rent .
 This is just a bad movie . Would n't scare anyone but a teenager . The absence of Michael Meyers is the main reason this poor attempt at opening up horror in the early 1980s fails . They thought that if their target audience was teenagers , they would n't be able to relate let alone root for Michael Meyers as the unstoppable killer . Easily the worst entry in the Halloween series , and the one of the worst legitimate horror films ever made .
 Halloween III
 If you think Halloween 3 is a sequel to Halloween 2 , then I am afraid that you are in for a disappointment !! This movie has absolutely nothing in this world to do with Halloween or Michael Myers . It is a morbid disgusting movie about brainwashing children with a computer chip hidden inside Halloween masks . Why they titled this movie Halloween 3 is beyond my comprehension . What it does is interfere with the sequence numbers of the Halloween series . Do n't waste your money on this movie . . it is not worth it !
 John Carpenter made the Stupidest movie ever made ! No Myers , No DR. Loomis & No Laurie Strode ! This SUX !!!! Big Time !
 THIS MOVIE OPENS UP WITH A CAR COMING TOWARDS A GUY AND I THOUGHT MICHAEL MYERS WAS GOING TO COME OUT WHEN SUDDENLY A ROBOT COMES OUT AND TRIES TO KILL HIM , IT WAS STUPID , THE EFFECTS ... -LRB- STUNK -RRB- AND WHERE THE HELL IS MICHAEL ? ANYWAY , THE LAST 25 MINS . WERE A LITTLE MORE ENTERTAINING.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO ANYONE , UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE BORED AND DISGUSTED THAT YOU WASTED YOUR TIME WATCHING IT OR WASTING THE 2 OR 3 DOLLARS FOR NOTHING . TAKE MY WORD-IT ... -LRB- STINKS -RRB- . IT IS MY LEAST FAVORITE HORROR FILM.EVEN JASON WAS BETTER !!!!!! ANYWAY , THIS MOVIE REALLY ... -LRB- STINKS -RRB- ! SOME OLD GUY MAKES A COMERCIAL AND EVERY TIME YOU WATCH IT YOU DIE AND BUGS COME OUT YOUR MOUTH AND EYES . ... 1 STAR OUT OF 5 .
 Ok I liked all Halloween movies aside from this one . Why did I give it 1 star ... well `` 0 '' is not an option . This movie has everything ! Bad acting , No plot , and most importantly and very stupid ending . I 'll never forget the ending of this movie ... Simply because I 've never been so glad to see a movie come to an end . Please do not see this movie , you 've been warned .
 INTRODUCTION
 I really hate this movie . It 's so bad I can barely describe it in words . I despise any film that uses children as nothing more than sucker-punching props to inspire sympathy when they 're completely undeveloped , like the rest of the characters in this trash.If you really wan na see what 's in this movie , go to -LSB- ... -RSB- to see my video review of it . Get ready to laugh .
 This should not be named Halloween 3 . They should have justleft that part off as it has NOTHING to do with the first two aboutMichael Meyers ! As others have said before , it is poorly acted , no plot , and so annoying it might make you go insane ! As far as DVD capabilities , there is nothing special -LRB- plain like the movie -RRB- about it . So , neither the movie nor the DVD make it a movie worth renting OR buying .
 How many movies have come out since the very first reel was ever produced ? Four thousand ? Five thousand ? A million ? Who knows . All I know is that Halloween 3 has got to be the worst out of each and every single film ever produced by the hands of man . I 've seen some pretty bad movies -LRB- 8MM , Godzilla , the new Psycho -RRB- and this one takes the cake . It 's a stupid , contrived plot about these masks that eat little kid 's heads . Sound cool ? Yeah , well do n't judge a book by it 's cover . Michael Myers was n't even in this one and should not have been titled `` Halloween . '' They should have called this movie `` Wild Wild Waste . '' I must have switched like 20 positions while watching this garbage , I was so uncomfortably bored . Do yourself a big favor and rent some good and original horror movies like the original Halloween , original Psycho , or the new -LRB- but controversial -RRB- Blair Witch Project .
 This movie has nothing to do with Michael Meyers , so why is it titled Halloween III ?!!!
 There are two issues to cover regarding this movie :1
 Yes it is true . We , Sid the Elf , hated an installment in the Halloween series . We are still chugging along on the October horror train , but this one was like hitting a cow or something and having to stop for an hour . It did in fact loose a viewing showdown to the bald cowboy himself , Mr. Brent Michaels . It also lost out to watching weird stuff on youtube and pranking so obviously we could n't even make it through the whole thing . It was that bad.Most people who dislike this film are upset because Myers is not in the picture at all . This was not the case for Sid . We knew going in that we were n't getting Myers and we were fine with that , expecting different kinds of scares . Unfortunately , killer masks and evil businessmen did n't quite get it done . The plot was snail-like and goofy , however different it was . And with no Loomis to give the unintentional comedy a bump , this one fell on its face.While we can respect the fact that this film was following the intended path for the Halloween series -LRB- a new film with new ideas , characters , and plots every year -RRB- this guy did n't got it . Even a really nice ammount of Ben Tramer could n't help this one out and make it enjoyable . Looking back , the huge success and brilliance ofHalloweenended up actually killing the original intention for the series . How could it not ? Once you see Loomis battling Myers , there 's no turning back . This one had to be completely awesome for it to be a success and it just was not enjoyable . Not even a little bit . So , just so we can get a little Loomis in the discussion
 this movie was dull , silly , and completly pointless . the worst thing about it , was that there was no Michael Myers for crying out loud ! instead , they made up other goofy things like ` evil masks ' , and stuff like that . it had nothing to do with Halloween 's 1 and 2 . the thing through out the whole movie , was comletly rubbish ! i advice everyone in capital letters , to AVOID THIS MOVIE ! if i could vote this movie below a one , i would . remember , avoid it at all costs !
 I hate to give any of the Halloween movies a 1 star rating but this one ... . part 3 is the only one to me that deserves only 1 star . All the rest are great . This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the first 2 Halloween movies at all and NO Michael Myers in this one . I think the whole storyline and plot is stupid . I do n't know what they were thinking when they made this movie AND called it Halloween 3 !! Thank goodness , the following 5 Halloweens follow the original !!!
 Okay , I 'll admit that because of the series , I thought Michael Myers was going to be in it.Then I read that what they had planned to do was do different halloween horror movies , using the Halloween name , and no Michael Myers . Okay . Fine . I do n't really care of MM anyway.So , knowing all THAT , I saw the movie.And honestly ? I thought it sucked . You 're waiting and waiting . . and okay yes , bugs are gross . . There 's just so much that 's unexplained.And . . yeah the ending is bizarre and creepy a little bit . . but not as much as I would have liked.I actually can say that I liked Nightmare on Elm Street 2 better . And that 's one of the worst sequels in the world.I say avoid this movie unless you are INCREDIBLY curious . . And remember , you wo n't see the William Shatner masked maniac in this one .
 this is the worst halloween movie michael myers is not even in it it has nothing to do with the first two its not like it is the same story its a diffrent story and a diffrent type of horror the first two were slashers this one is sci fi it has one or two good parts but it is really bad skip this one watch the rest the first halloween is one of the best films ever made if you like horror movies i reccomend you the first halloween
 this is the biggest pile of crap ive ever seen not because its a horrible mivie -LCB- wich it most certainly is -RCB- but because john carpenter -LCB- who i usually love -RCB- had the nerve to call this halloween 3 . i mean halloween 3 you 'd think it 'd have one of the greatest heros of modern film micheal myers not that austin powers guy but the skank killin villin with the william shatner mask we all love so muchalthough we do get the terrifying 3 more days till halloween jingle that gets into your head and makes your ears bleed till you finally finish the movie or take a shotgun to your head -LCB- wich is better then finishing this movie
 Stupid piece of trash that is the black sheep of the `` Halloween '' franchise , because , it has nothing to do with the Michael Myers saga.After the death of a toyseller , a doctor and the toyseller 's daughter investigate his mysterious death . There snooping leads to the Silver Shamrock mask making company and to it 's owner - a warlock bent on destroying the planet by way of his magical melting masks , that children wear on Halloween , turning them into slimy snakes , bugs and venomous insects . `` Universal Pictures '' bought the rights to this turd , along with `` Halloween II '' , hoping to take the franchise into a different `` Twilight Zone '' style direction , with a new `` Halloween '' film supposedly coming out every season . Instead the studio put the series right into the toilet . John Carpenter wrote the music and serves as executive producer -LRB- with Debra Hill -RRB- and Nick Castle -LRB- `` The Shape '' from the original -RRB- directs this piece of celluloid waste . Stick with the original .
 Okay , this movie is called Halloween , yet there is no Micheal Myers !?!?!? Thats what Halloween is about , Micheal Myers killing people ! Micheal Myers not being in this one is not the only reasonwhy this was bad , Horror , Not scary at all ! They just talk about stuff that has nothing to do with ANYTHING F-Villon , Who was that guy any way ? In the beging his smiling and waving at people . Has other people do his killings for him F-Kids , Very VERY annoing , I know their sapose to be but come on ! F-Overall F-Well thier we have it . One of the worst horror films ever .
 The movie really stinks . Only buy it if you 're a collector and need it to complete your Halloween dvd set . Most horror movie fans consider this the worst horror sequel ever made . It is n't even about MICHAEL MYERS !
 It was a good idea to skip the Michael Myers storyline for a minute , but come on . Magic masks that make people 's heads explode , ca n't they think of a better idea than that ? What a waste of time . If they are going to abandon the Micheal Myers storyline , can they at least come up with a more creative storyline.P.S . the only reason that I am giving this movie two stars is because it is slightly better than sequels 4 , 5 , 6 , and 8 .
 where is Michael ? Shame On Moustapah Akkad for Naming This Movie Halloween . If You want To See a good movie see halloween 1,2,4,5,6 , and h2O . Skip this one .
 All I can say is that if there was a lowere rate I would give it to this movie .
 This is n't a Halloween film and the plot was absolutely horrible , this film should get one star instead of two .
 At the end of `` Halloween II '' , it appeared that Michael Myers had finally died in an explosion . So how can another `` Halloween '' movie get made ? `` Halloween '' creators John Carpenter and Debra Hill thought they had a good idea . Carpenter and Hill -LRB- returning as producers -RRB- , along with writer/director Tommy Lee Wallace -LRB- who was the production designer and co-editor of the first film -RRB- conjured up a new story with new characters . So Michael Myers has absolutely nothing to do with this movie . `` Halloween III
 This movie was n't as good as the first two Halloween movies . It has nothing to do with the whole Myers plot and this is its main problem . It just seems like there was very little thought and effort put into this movie .
 This is n't a Halloween film and the plot was absolutely horrible , this film should get one star instead of two .
 This is n't a Halloween film and the plot was absolutely horrible , this film should get one star instead of two .
 First of all , for this to be a sequel to the first two Halloween movies -LRB- you know ... the ones that actually have Michael Myers in them -RRB- is freakin ridiculous . Why did n't they just call it something else like `` Terrible Horror Movie With Misleading Title '' ? Basically it 's a movie about some guy that makes halloween masks that melt kids faces off . And yes , its as stupid as it sounds . This is an hour and a half of my life I wish I had back .
 I hate this movie ! This was n't scary , this had awful music and this was very boring . And the darkness all the time gave me a headache . Halloween and Halloween H20 are much better than this ! I bought this video because it cost only $ 3 but now I think that it was too much ... Do n't even bother !
 One year after Halloween II , Director/Producer/Composer John Carpenter and Producer Debra Hill came up with some new ideas for the Halloween series . After this movie failed at the box office , Moustapha Akkad decieded to bring back Michael Myers in a good way , and he did.The story takes place in a California town named Santa Mira instead of Haddonfield . It has a man named Grimbridge who is wounded by an assasin . Grimbridge is taken to a nearby hospital and is treated by Dr. Daniel Challis -LRB- Tom Atkins -RRB- . Later , an assasin kills Grimbridge and later lights himself on fire . Challis teams up with Grimbridge 's daughter Ellie -LRB- Stacy Nelkin -RRB- about finding information for her father 's death . They go into Santa Mira and are captured by the new villian Conal Cochran -LRB- Dan O'Herihly -RRB- , the president of the Silver Shamrock , a mask industry . Challis manages to escape and save the day.There were many problems with this movie . The commercial that kept playing got on my nerves so much . Without Michael Myers , Laurie Strode , or Dr. Sam Loomis the movie did n't stand much of a chance . The ending is even weirder than Halloween 4 . Many people hated this film , but I thought that it was okay . Not the worst of the series , but near the bottom of the list . The ending is weirder than Halloween 4 . It shows Challis watching the TV and on the phone in a gas station with the television networks saying , `` Turn it off ! Turn it off ! Turn it off ! '' ...
 This should be without the Halloween tag . This movie is separate from any in the series and should n't be counted . Still , it ai n't awful but it 's ok . For a 80 's movie it 's okay but still , not quite good nor enjoyable . The acting is defensible but the plot is kinda weak .
 this was cool but it didnt have michael in it . though he was n't in it it was better than halloween 6 , a hell of alot better
 Let me preface what I 'm about to say that taste is subjective and this is only one persons point of view . With that said when this movie first came out I remember not liking it very much . I liked the idea of trying to create a different story with this movie . I 'm not sure if the execution of this plot really clicked for me . I saw myself trying to re-work the movie which is n't really the point . I would rate this movie 2 stars which is a half star better than I would have gave it when I saw it in the theater 30 + years ago.The video collectors edition has some nice bonus stuff and behind the scenes footage making it more worthwhile than just the plain movie . Again I actually like this movie better now than I did back then and it 's probably due to this well put together bonus edition .
 HALLOWEEN 3-SEASON OF THE WITCH is a science-fiction horror flick written & directed by Tommy Lee Wallace that Universal released in theaters on Friday October 22 , 1982 and the only HALLOWEEN sequel where the story does n't revolve around the ghoulish mass-murderer -LRB- Michael Myers -RRB- with the story focusing on an investigation by an alcoholic down-on-his luck surgeon Dr. Dan Challis -LRB- Tom Atkins whose known for his co-starring role as private investigator Jim Rockford 's skeptical police nemesis -LRB- Lt. Diehl -RRB- on THE ROCKFORD FILES -RRB- and Laurie Strode 's successor Ellie Grimbridge -LRB- Stacy Nelkin -RRB- into the illegal activities of an evil Irish warlock Conal Cochran -LRB- Daniel O'Herlihy -RRB- , owner of the Silver Shamrock Novelties company after Ellie 's father Harry Grimbridge -LRB- Al Berry -RRB- is murdered leading Dr. Challis and Ellie to home of the Silver Shamrock factory a small coastal town of Loleta , CA , but most of the special-effects involving the fire , smoke , and explosions were filmed at Universal Studios Hollywood in Universal City.HALLOWEEN III departs from the slasher film genre which the original HALLOWEEN spawned in 1978 , instead featuring a `` mad scientist '' theme instead of a mad-man on the loose killing people one-by-one and having the movie take place in a fictional remote small Northern California town called Santa Mira instead of taking place in a fictional rural small Midwestern town called Haddonfield , Illinois.Therefore , HALLOWEEN 3 took place on the West Coast instead of the Midwest and took place on Halloween Weekend of 1982 instead of Halloween Weekend of 1978 and the frequency , gore . & brutality is less than that of HALLOWEEN 2 and even HALLOWEEN I , but this films death scenes remain intense.HALLOWEEN III was produced on a budget of $ 2.5 million , but fizzled at the box-office since this movie only engrossed $ 14.4 million during its theatrical release in the Fall of 1982 making it the poorest performing film in the HALLOWEEN saga , especially since John Carpenter 's HALLOWEEN had grossed $ 47 million dollars at the box-office during its theatrical release in the Fall of 1978 , and HALLOWEEN II had grossed $ 25.5 million at the box-office during its theatrical release in the Fall of 1981 . In addition to HALLOWEEN 3 's weak box-office returns , most critics gave this sequel negative reviews where the original HALLOWEEN had broken new ground & was imitated by many genre films following its wake , but HALLOWEEN III seemed to be hackneyed to many , especially since this sequel left us mourning the loss of Michael Myers.Additionally , the only reason why HALLOWEEN III
 It 's been a while since I 've seen this film , so my memory is rather foggy . The plot has something to do with masks that have become the latest craze among children . What the children -LRB- and their parents -RRB- do n't know is that these masks were crafted by a madman bent on destroying children . On Halloween night , these children have been instructed to watch some commercial or program or something ; they have n't been informed that when they watch it , the masks will horribly mutilate their faces or some crap.I really appreciate the effort from John Carpenter to turn the series in a different direction , but this movie really is just plain bad . It 's extremely campy -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- , the actors are a bunch of bland no-names , and the plot is just silly . Only see this if you really have to view the entire Halloween series .
 This movie is horrble . Basically the fact that it has nothing to do with Michael it has a bad plotline and bad acting . The only thing is good is it ended short .
 i thought this would be ok but i mean not a good title people say bad title but some said it was ok but not only is it bad but bad acting bad special efects and kids were pupkins on there head stupid stupid stupid and the death scenes kids shake there heads and die and a guy trieng to take over the world bad plot
 This movie has nothing to do with the michael myers serial killings!And magical masks that make your head explode?What the hell?This movie sucks bad .
 The only reason this poor-quality horror flick is in the `` Halloween '' series is because of its title . It is n't even scary , just repulsive , with its victims being small children . Avoid at all costs . Putting this on DVD is a waste of bytes
 This movie absolutely bit the big green weenie . If I have to listen to that jingle one more time ...
 This movie dos n't even belong here .
 This marked the beginning of the end for the franchise . Very original idea , just plain fails . copies F13 part 1 by not having trademark killer in film . series becomes nothing more than a F13 ripoff as Myers tries to become like Jason . He has nothing on him as the next few Halloweens prove
 This movie has no Michael in it so i dont even no why its called Halloween . Halloween is my favorite horror movie and Michael myers is my favorite killer . When i saw he wasnt in it i was very dissapointed.The movie is about the silver shamrock company planning to kill every kid wearing there masks on halloween . So some guy i dont remeber his name trys to stop it . Thats pretty much all its about . They also play this really annoying song like every 5 min . It could drive you crazy !
 This was an unfortunate inclusion in the Halloween series . I bought it knowing that it did n't follow the Halloween story line but was considered a part of it . I wanted the complete set .
 I actually have two views of this movie.Now me being a master of horror and all , I know that obviously Michael is dead.But what the creators of this movie did n't do is explain that they were ending the michael myers saga.Yes this movie did suck.If they were going to stop using michael they could of at least used a different title.They even refer to it as the third of the halloween series.Most of the people were Michael 's fans.Somebody should smack Tommy Lee Wallace .
 This is one of the worst movie I have ever seen . It 's not even a horror movie , in the true sense . The first two Halloween movies were very good and I expected the same out of the next one when I bought it . To find out that it has nothing to do with the other movies , in fact , it shows the first Halloween movie on the television as an actual film and not something that would have happened , as a sequel should be . This is more like some cheesy , stupid , 80 's sci-fi movie and should not even have the Halloween name . If you have this movie , you should burn it and if you do n't , do n't ever see it or even waste money on buying it -LRB- like I made the mistake of -RRB- . It really sucks !
 This is the not only the worst halloween but one of the worst horror movies in the world.This has nothing to do with the halloweens what so ever.Theres no michael he doesnt even exist in this world all he is in this movie is a killer from a horror movie that john carpenter created.Avoid this at all costs.The theme song goes like this `` eight more days to halloween halloween halloween eight more days to halloween silver shamrock '' this is sang by munchkins and goes by the tune from my fair lady.Do not listen to those idiots who gave this movie more than 1 star.The only reason to buy this or even watch this is if your a halloween series collector .
 I remember as a young teen browsing the horror section of my video store and seeing the cover to this movie but for some reason never rented it . My money was being looked after by a higher power back then because this movie for lack of a better term , BLOWS ! I do n't chuck that phrase around often but WHY is it even in the Halloween series of movies ???? There 's not a SINGLE element of the other movies in it!Call it Haunted Halloween or Masks of the Damned or something but to call it Halloween 3 has to be some kind of illegal slander . The concept of the movie is interesting to some degree but the blatant deception in which this movie is presented , which is to make you think you 're going to see Michael Myers , Jamie Lee or anything remotely similar to any of the other movies in the franchise before or since , is a rip off .
 This is unbelievably horrible ! This movie dose n't even have anything to do with Michael Myers . Why would anyone keep the name `` Halloween '' and make it about some man making mask ??? If you like boring , and disappointing movies this is the movie to see . It has an ok story but they could have used a different title .
 This movie was okay . I have it 1 star because it lacked in suspense and acting . I am sure people would have liked it better if it never had anything to do with Halloween and it was an independent movie ! But no , the stupid writters had to install this horrible peice of junk . The only reason i have this movie is because I want to have all the Halloweens . But I want to actually watch Girlfriends or Ally McBeal while I am watching this . I did not like it . BORING !!!! I advise you carefully , watch Halloween 4 instead.I advice
 This movie is the worst movie I 've ever seen . It gets one star because of the footage from the first `` Halloween '' . The acting sucked . The plot sucked . The whole movie was a waist of time and money . Avoid this movie at all costs !
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen , even on dvd.The film has no michael myers , plus it is hard to watch because of the nasty gore.This movie is full of pumpkinhead people with roaches crawling out of them.Rent it , see what you think , but I hate it .
 I dont even feel like watching it again and seeing if I liked it the second time around . It was very hard for me not to turn it off the first time . I dont look forward to buying the DVD . In fact make it Zero Stars .
 This may be the worst movie I have ever seen . I remember watching this movie when I was about fourteen years old . . I had rented it along with the other Halloween movies to have a night of scares -LRB- I had n't ever seen Halloween 4 , 5 or 6 by that time -RRB- . I popped this movie in and was stunned at the stupidity of the plot and the terrible acting . First off , you ca n't create a movie that belongs in a franchise and add a plotline that has NOTHING to do with the original two . The plot basically revolves around a woman investigating the mysterious death of her father , who was killed by a strange man in a suit who commited suicide in his car promptly after murdering the man . Anyways , She ventures to this small town in California that is prominantly Irish that is well known for it 's Silver Shamrock Halloween masks . Mayhem ensues and the woman , along with the doctor who tried saving her father , embark on a pointless and uninteresting quest to find out what is so eerie about the mask making town . The viewer soon learns that the founder of the mask making company has an evil plot that involves robot servants and a somewhat disturbing Halloween doomsday type scheme . The only HALFWAY scary things about this movie -LRB- aside from the bad acting , and unnaturally creepy shot of Tom Atkins ass -RRB- is the brooding , eno-ish score provided by John Carpenter and the slightly disturbing death scene of a young -LRB- Although bratty -RRB- boy in front of his parents . I ca n't believe this movie was actually made . It 's shockingly bad ... The badness of the movie is even made worse by a negative `` WE 'LL NEVER REALLY KNOW '' type plot ending . This movie is just a terrible mistake in a succesful slasher series . They should have actually went back and created a REAL Halloween 3 after this pathetic flop . It 's a shame that it belongs in a series that includes the infamous Michael Myers . I would n't even give this movie 1 star , but I like John Carpenter and I am a sucker for 80 's horror ... There will always be something so much more terrifying about horror movies from the 80 's than ones made now . This movie is bad though . If it 's on tv and you have the time , watch it ... but , PLEASE do n't waste your money buying this garbage !!!!
 I am a fan of the `` Haloween '' series of films but have never seen part III -LRB- due to eveyone I know saying its terrible -RRB- . After all these years I wanted to give it an objective chance and was excited to actually watch this film . Please note going into this film I knew Michael Myers has nothing to do with it and was just fine with that . Well - This film is terrible by any standard . I would classify this film more as Sci-Fi and what a far-fetched -LRB- even by Sci-Fi standards -RRB- plot this was . Sloppy story-line that does n't flow , horrible acting and the movie moves slow without much suspense . The only question you will ask is `` how much longer is this movie '' after the first 1/2 hour.I love the idea behind doing something different with the movie besides Michael Myers but this one misses badly which is probably why it went back to the Michael Myers theme . Too bad.Believe the negitive reviews you have heard and do n't waste your time !
 I remember seeing a glimpse of this film a long time ago and did n't think much of it . A month ago , I watched the whole thing for the first time and thought it was interesting . I know Michael Myers was n't in it and that 's ok . But still , John Carpenter produced it and if anybody 's a fan of John Carpenter as I am , it should be part of their Carpenter collection or Halloween collection . One of my favorite things about this movie is the music . I thought John Carpenter did a great job . I bought the soundtrack and my favorite tracks are # 1 - -LRB- the main title -RRB- and # 9 - -LRB- the rock -RRB- . I just did n't get the ending of the movie and as far as the dvd , I was disappointed there were no special features , not even a trailer , but at least the picture and sound are great .
 For those of you who have not seen the end of Halloween II -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , I will not spoil what happens if you 're planning to see it . For those of you who were around in '82 and saw HIII and thought Michael was gone forever , you were wrong . Because when HIII came out , you thought they were going to move to more scares and call Michael yesterday 's news . In this wasted second sequel to the Halloween series , you may be disappointed . HIII is a little predictable and somewhat a bit gruesome . On the plus side , it 's my second favorite Halloween movie .
 `` Halloween III : Season of the Witch '' does not Have Michael Myers in it , but it is still a good movie to watch during the holiday . It deals with a madman toymaker making millions of booby traped masks to harm millions of innocent children on halloween night . But he has to ship them out before Dr.Dan Chilless -LRB- Tom Atkins -RRB- foils the party ! The movie contains
 `` Halloween III
 Let me get this straight
 I first saw this in the mid-80 's , and even as a pre-teen just laughed myself silly at this ludicrous departure from the `` Halloween '' tradition . Michael Myers , whose relentless earnestness made the first two films horror classics , is conspicuously absent , instead replaced by a ridiculous premise about children being converted into monsters by wearing `` Silver Shamrock '' Halloween masks . The final twenty minutes or so of the film inundate the viewer with a thoroughly annoying , synthesized jingle for the Silver Shamrock company that is memorable because it is some of the most pathetically cheesy music ever to be captured on celluloid . The only things that are scary about this movie are that John Carpenter put his name on it and a movie company actually mass marketed it . Otherwise , everything about the film , from the acting to the special effects , is downright laughable . File this one under `` unintentional comedy . ''
 Are you kidding me ? If I could give this film negative stars I would . I bought this because I am a huge fan of the Halloween series and I even share a tattoo with Michael Meyers , but Season of the witch is a terrible . There is little to no plot , the acting is poor at best and Michael Meyers -LRB- the Shape -RRB- only appears in one scene and that is in a TV ad for the first Halloween . This wa n't Carpenter 's attempt to get the series to take a new direction , this was his attempt to kill the franchise for good . Halloween 3
 I do n't know why this movie was made . Michael Myers is not even in it , what a waste of time ! This is not a part of the Halloween movies . The beginning and the end are interesting but everything else is a complete bore . It is really bad . I do n't recommend it unless you want to figure out why or how people die after seeing pumpkins on TV . If you want to know that than I recommend it .
 Oh my god , this is dumb . It was one of the last of the Halloween films I saw and the wait was truly not worth it . The story involves mysterious Halloween masks that have flooded the market and become the `` must have '' item for the nation 's kids . Trouble is that there 's something very seriously dangerous about them ... and on the night of Halloween they are primed to ... well watch it and see.Or actually , I recommend that you do n't bother doing that , as this is one of the poorest horror films I have ever seen . It really has very little going for it . The hero is a doctor who stumbles across a mysterious case of murder in his hospital . On the trail of the killer , he teams up with a younger woman who is also searching for answers , and together they discover a remote toy factory that is churning out Hallowen masks that have the power to kill the person that is wearing them . Well this is already a silly premise , made worse by the multitude of dumb things in the script ... the behaviour -LRB- and explanation for it -RRB- of the vacant looking factory employees , the one-dimensional sub plot of the doctor 's relationship with his ex-wife , and lots of very silly minor characters . The effect that the deadly masks actually have when they activate/detonate is laughable - what on earth made the writers think that this was frightening ? Slugs and bugs and snakes are so-o-oo old hat in horror effects and there 's very little logic in how they are used here . Dumbest highlight number one is the doctors capture and subsequent escape from a `` high security '' cell in the factory - which leads to even dumber highlight number two , which is the duo managing to infiltrate the factory control room via some hilariously unconvincing sneaking and hiding -LRB- at one point hiding behind and then trundling a noisy shelf of masks on wheels along while everybody in the room ignores it !! -RRB- . The success of this mission when such a lot of screen time is devoted to showing us that the factory has hundreds of security cameras and invincible staff made me shake my head in disbelief . The film ends with a cliff hanger , but all that made me want to do is yawn.Avoid this turkey if you like horror films . There are some moments when it approaches `` so-bad-it 's good '' territory , but not enough of them , and things are only made worse by the terrible datedness of the factory 's so-called high tech equipment . Showing big flat panels with nothing but coloured lights that turn on and off , and technicians who dramatically flick random switches up and down on a large panel does NOT make a convincing super-computer scene !! A total waste of time .
 Why did they call it `` Season of the Witch ? '' There 's suppose to be a witch in this movie ? I really do n't like this movie . It has nothing to do with the rest of the series . A factory produces masks with a computer chip installed on them that turns children 's heads into snakes and insects . What the heck is the purpose of that ! This movie should be on Mystery Science Theatre 3000 .
 Yes , as we 've all figured out , there 's no Michael Myers . That 's not what bothers most normal people so much.What should bother normal people is not only is there no Mike Myers , there is absolutely NOTHING in this movie that remotely has ANYTHING to do with the rest of the series.The plot is ridiculously eccentric , and yet the director treats the audience like a collection of complete idiots . Personally , after the first time that horribly annoying commercial was played -LRB- `` X more days til Halloween , Halloween , Halloween '' to the tune of `` London Bridge '' -RRB- , I got the idea that this commercial was somehow the source of all evil in the movie . This is because the toy store owner who dies in the beginning reacts dramatically to the commercial , and we know he 's got it all figured out already.But we are still put through torture when this incredibly annoying commercial is played about 10 more times in the first 15 minutes of the movie . We get it . We 're not dumb.If you want a comedy , this is the movie for you . I was hysterical laughing at all of the horrible special effects.Or if you 're like me and make almost a sport out of watching every horror film -LRB- the good , the bad , and the ugly -RRB- known to man , then go for it.But if you actually want to watch an entertaining or scary movie , save your money .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- THIS WANNABE MOVIE IS A DISCRACE TO THE ALL TIME SLASHER SERIES.OK GET THIS , THIS IS A HALLOWEEN MOVIE , YOUR THINKING COOL , MICHAEL MYERS KILLING AND THE WHOLE NINE YARDS BUT , NO YOU GET NOTHING A BUNCH OF HOMOS JUMPING AROUNG IN MASKS , THATS IT NO MICHAEL MYERS NO PLOT , NO NOTHING , NOT EVEN FAMILIAR CHARACTERS . THIS MOVIE IS A ALL TIME SUCK MOVIE .
 this movie is one of the worst horror movies i seen . they should of never had made this piece of crap in the first place .
 Not a nice movie at all . It does make any sense at all . Some parts are very scary and very grusome at times . Their is no Micheal Myers in this movie . It is not worth of time and money to see this movie . Other Halloween movies are better .
 This movie is extremely violent and gory . I pity myself for seeing it . It has no ending at all . Michael Myers is not mentioned or shown even in the Halloween 1 clip in the movie . This movie was OK but it needed to tone it down a little on the violence and gore . When that poor kid had snakes come out of his head , I felt like I had just seen the worst movie ever . They shoulda juss stuck wit Myers . Here 's my advice to the creators , MAKE A SEQUEL ! Finish this movie off once and for all , and try to add Michael .
 Although the Masked michel is not in this moive if it was just titled soemthing els and not even in the series i would still have to say this movie was pritty bad . ITs plot could have used much more developing and well it just wasnt that sacry . The only good part was when the masked turned into snakes and stuff but overall it lacked as a movie even without michel myers i would say to get this movie only if you want to complete you collection but i wouldnt recomend actualy whacting it lol
 Well , you wo n't see Michael Myers in this sequel , but it 's still watchable.An evil maker somewhere in Northern California provides young children with devilishly made pumpkin masks ... need I say more .
 HALLOWEEN 3-THE SEASON OF THE WITCH is Science-Fiction thriller flick that Universal released in theaters on Friday October 22 , 1982 and the only film in the HALLOWEEN saga where the story does n't revolve around the hellbent ghoulish mass-murderer -LRB- Michael Myers -RRB- . The story focuses on an investigation by an alcoholic down-on-his-luck surgeon Dr. Daniel Challis -LRB- Tom Atkins -RRB- and Ellie Grimbridge -LRB- Stacey Nelkin -RRB- into the activities of evil Irish warlock & mysterious owner of the Silver Shamrock Novelties company Conal Cochran -LRB- Daniel O'Herlihy -RRB- in the week approaching Halloween night of 1982 after Ellie 's father gets murdered.Additionally , HALLOWEEN III-THE SEASON OF THE WITCH departs from the slasher film genre which the original John Carpenter 's HALLOWEEN spawned in 1978 , instead featuring a `` mad scientist '' theme . Therefore , the frequency of graphic violence & gore is less than that in HALLOWEEN II , but this films death scenes still remain intense.HALLOWEEN 3 was produced on a $ 2.5 million budget and bombed at the box-office since this sequel only grossed $ 14.4 million during its theatrical release in the Fall of 1982 as opposed to the original HALLOWEEN grossing $ 47 million at the box-office in the Fall of 1978 , and HALLOWEEN 2 grossing $ 25.5 million at the box-office in the Fall of 1981 , making HALLOWEEN 3 the poorest performing film in the HALLOWEEN saga at the time , which prompted producers to bring the Michael Myers character back when HALLOWEEN 4 : THE RETURN OF MICHAEL MYERS was released in the Fall of 1988 . In addition to weak box-office returns , most critics gave this film negative reviews , because where HALLOWEEN had broken new ground & was imitated by many genre films following its wake , this 3rd installment seemed to hackeneyed to many where 1 critc suggested that if HALLOWEEN III was not part of the HALLOWEEN saga , then it would simply be `` a fairly non-descript 80 's horror flick that was no worse & no better than many others . `` When John Carpenter -LRB- Director of the original HALLOWEEN -RRB- and producer Debra Hill were approached about creating a 3rd HALLOWEEN film , Carpenter & Hill were reluctant to pledge commitment to this sequel , because Carpenter and Hill agreed to participate in the new project only if HALLOWEEN 3 was n't a direct sequel to its predecessors HALLOWEEN I and HALLOWEEN 2 , which meant no Michael Myers , no Dr. Sam Loomis -LRB- Donald Pleasance -RRB- , no Laurie Strode -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis -RRB- , and no Sheriff Lee Brackett -LRB- Charles Cyphers -RRB- since Carpenter apparently felt that the Michael Myers character was getting burned out & tired , especially after Michael & Dr. Loomis had supposedly died in the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital on Halloween night of 1978 at the end of HALLOWEEN II.Therefore , Cochran played the villain in this movie instead of the diabolical Michael Myers , Ellie Grimbridge was Laurie Strode 's honored successor , and the movie took place in a fictional small town in Northern California called Santa Mira instead of the fictional Mid-Western town Haddonfield , Illinois , but in reality , most of HALLOWEEN 3 's filming took place on location in the small coastal town of Loleta , California & a milk bottling plant in Loleta called Familiar Foods served as the Silver Shamrock Novelties factory in the movie , but all the special-effects involving fire , smoke , and the explosions were filmed at Universal Studios in Hollywood.Additionally , HALLOWEEN 3 's was also the directorial debut of Tommy Lee Wallace , although he was n't a newcomer to the HALLOWEEN saga since Tommy Lee Wallace was the art director and production designer for the original HALLOWEEN in 1978 and declined to direct HALLOWEEN 2 in 1981 . Two members of the supporting cast for HALLOWEEN III such as Nancy Kyes whom played Dr. Challis ' ex-wife -LRB- Linda -RRB- whom also co-starred in the original HALLOWEEN as Laurie 's smart-aleck friend -LRB- Annie Brackett -RRB- , stunt performer -LRB- Dick Warlock -RRB- who makes a cameo appearance as one of Cochran 's android assasins had previously played Michael Myers in HALLOWEEN II , and Jamie Lee Curtis contributed her voice as the telephone operator when Dr. Challis tries unsuccessfully to make phone calls outside of Santa Mira , even though Jamie Lee Curtis did n't even appear in this movie.When I saw the previews of HALLOWEEN 3
 I agree with anyone who feels it 's unfair to bash this movie strictly because there is no Michael . That 's not fair to the movie makers . However , notwithstanding this fact , this is still a pretty crappy movie . The plot is anything but believable , even for a horror fantasy . The idea of the killer masks is less than inspired , and the whole story would be best told in an hour-long episode of the Outer Limits or something . It 's too watered down for a full-length picture . The only reason to see this movie at all is for the scene with the kid 's head being turned into a pile of creepy crawlers , and the woman who died similarly after her mask tampering got her a `` laser beam '' in the face , reducing her mouth to a gory hole -LRB- complete with the bug crawling out -RRB- . Once you 've cued up to these parts and watched them , this movie really has nothing more to offer . Do n't even get me started on the artificial semi-robots with mustard for blood , because this movie only suffers from their inclusion in the story . By the time this movie was done , I was cursing myself for not re-renting Night Of The Living Dead . Sitting through this movie is punishment enough for making the mistake of renting it . I can only imagine how one would feel having bought the DVD .
 I purchased this movie to complete my HALLOWEEN series . it was the only one I did n't have . As an individual movie its ok but as a 3rd movie in a series its not a good movie .
 - Tough , not really a Halloween movie , this movie stunk . Im not giving the movie a bad rank because it doesnt follow the Michael Myers ' plot . I really dont care about that . This movie is a `` pod '' movie . But , the storyline was incredible bad , and the acting follows that pattern . Some neat scenes forces me not to give this movie a 1 star ...
 `` Halloween III
 Well , it has nothing to do with the rest of the Halloween films , and there 's no witch involved , but if you can overlook those rather large failings , this is an almost adequate film . The creators of Halloween tried to take the series in a different direction with this film , and it almost sort of kind of does n't work . Though the protagonists , an aging `` Joe 6-pack '' divorcee doctor and his jail bait girlfriend -LRB- on the side from his real girlfriend on the side from his ex wife -RRB- who is only having crazy sex escapades with him because he 's helping her solve the death of her father whom she forgets to morn after roughly five minutes of film , are anything but likable , the film almost holds together for a while . It 's not of the same genre as the previous films , indulging in only one brief slasher scene , but its far out and mysterious premise is actually quite engaging for a time . The plot , involving a conspiracy of robots and ancient druid wizardry , actually works decently for much of the film , almost like an unnecessarily long but intriguing Twilight Zone episode , only glued together with a healthy suspension of disbelief . Heck , it even manages to explore the significance of Halloween in a way that nearly earns it a place in the franchise , but the ending falls apart badly . As soon as we hit the climax , nothing makes sense anymore and , quite soon after , everything just gets plain silly . Dr. 6-Pack 's battle with the annihilated robot 's severed limbs would have worked much better with Bruce Campbell playing the role . So , all in all , it was kind of sort of not really but almost a decent film . Oh well .
 I first saw this film in 1994 or somewhere around there . My mom and I went to the store looking for scary movies . She looked for the ORIGINAL Halloween , but they only had Halloween III
 I wanted to review this movie because I hated it . I watched it a long time ago and care not to see it again . This movie may have been OK if it was n't part of the Halloween series . In fact , when I think of the Halloween series , I count III out . I think of 1,2,4,5,6 , H20 . It had nothing to do with Michael Myers and should have been named something original and not be concidered a part of the series . Now if it was n't part of the Halloween series , just an independant movie , I 'd rate this movie maybe a 2 star .
 Halloween 3 : Season of the Witch has to be the worst movie since House of the Dead and this one is n't even a sequel to Halloween 1 or 2 but instead borrows a plot from Invasion of the Body Snatchers . An evil toymaker makes masks for children and the masks cause kids faces to turn into bugs , snakes , and blood and it takes a doctor and the victims daughter to stop the toymaker and destroy those masks . The gore effects are mediocre and the acting is terrible but what really confuses the fans of the Halloween series is the title because this one dose n't star Michael Myers or Dr.Loomis . Please view at your own risk but do not buy . Rent for at least 2 dollars but stick with parts 2,4 , or 6 because those are 5 star movies . and the other flaw is what witch are they talikng about because there is no witch in the movie .
 i bought this movie before i rented it thinking it would have michael myers but after i watched it , i felt like killing myself for even RENTING it ! this movie has NO michael myers!it doesnt even have anything to do with any of the halloweens ! they really shouldnt of made this movie.do not waste your money or your time watching this movie.skip it
 This movie is absolutely horrible ! It is not deserving of the name ` Halloween ' , and John Carpenter and Debra Hill should have to offer a thousand ` Hail Michaels ' to attone for their sin ! The entire plot of murdering millions of children on Halloween night , while intriguing , was very poorly handled , and the complete absence of Michael Myers -LRB- except in those stupid TV promos -RRB- , was what destroyed the whole experience for me . The only reason I gave this movie a single star at all is because Dan O'Herlihy gave an excellent performance as Conal Cochran . The only good thing about this movie is its villain , although he -LRB- Died ? Disappeared ? What the hell was that anyway ? -RRB- at the end of the movie . Oh , and one warning , if you 're one of those people who gets songs stuck in their head , steer clear of this movie . The annoying London Bridge/Halloween commercial embedded itself in my grey cells , and to this day , you can still catch me singing `` Eight more days til Halloween , Halloween , Halloween , '' until I 'm ready to dash my head against a concrete wall . If you are in the movie for a spooky story , this is a good one to see , but if you 're a diehard Michael Myers fan , with high standards , or any standards , steer clear !
 Who decided to make Halloween 3 ? The worst movie ever?I mean this movie is not a real sequel.So if its not a sequel , WHY THE HELL WAS IT MADE ?!?! I mean the filmmakers made a movie that makes no sence , AT ALL , And call it a sequel to Halloween and Halloween II.I think that John Carpenter should sue the makers of this terrible movie.The plot makes no sence.Why is some werido durid doing werid things with halloween masks?What the hells with bionic gore?In other words , WHY?If its not the worst movie ever made , it is , dont get me wrong-It lacks that good movie style.I mean halloween3 is just plain awful.Its no sequel.No.It has nothing to do with the first two movies-hell it even features the first one on TV !! It also dosent show what happens , I mean who are we supossed to know if Tom Atkins acullay stopped the signal.How?By all means avoid Halloween3 its just a peice of cinematic trash.Its not even cinematic at all , its just trash.Like I said , Halloween3 lacks cimematic stuff like acting , directing , editing , filming , and even plot.This film has no plot at all , just a bunch of jerkola charecters playing with pumpkin masks.The lab set in the movie is real corny.It is a poorly construced piece of trash.Halloween3 is the most terrible , awfull , corny , stupid film ever made .
 First of all , I am a huge Halloween fan , I have the entire collection -LRB- including this one -RRB- . This was the worst movie in the history of horror movie ! It 's very unrealistic . People ca n't turn into bugs and snakes ! At least in Halloween 1 , 2,4,5,6 and H20 Michael Myers was a `` real '' person.The thought that there is a serial killer is real , but this one , just sucked!It does n't deserve the 1 star I gave it !
 `` Halloween III
 This is the hardest rating , I think I ever had to give a movie.Halloween III is a rare thing - A movie , so bad , it transcends itself . It is one of the goofiest things , I 've ever seen , and yet , my Halloween would n't be the same without watching this turkey . The movie is stupid , ugly , bloody , and pointless - exactly what one might enjoy on a cold , dark October night . So , if you are ever in a mood for something like this , Halloween III
 Halloween 3 is the worst horror flick ever made , I would rather eat Guano while sitting on thumbtacks and drinking bile while watching Leprechaun in Space , than watch this 98 minute slaughter of the prestigous Halloween series . What was John Carpenter smoking when he came up with the worst possible idea in the history of horror films . If you purchase this film then you have just donated your hard earned money to foundation of crappy movies ! Remember , Have a Happy Halloween From Silver Shamrock !!!!!
 Hey carpenter , hey Akkad where 's michael?H3 was a good movie , had a good story but just was n't scary , but not a bad movie . -LRB- grade D -RRB-
 A non-sequel , really . This movie ignores its roots , which are suggested in the title , and travels along a bizarre path . There 's no Michael Meyers in this movie . It does have is share of creepiness , but suffers from the absence of John Carpenter 's directing and creative force.Rental only .
 When I first saw this movie about ten years ago , it gave me nightmares because of the scene where the kids face melts due to the Silver Shamrock mask he is wearing . That and the crazy jingle that perforates the film are the only things that stuck with me . There is a reason why I did n't remember anything else . This movie is so bad , I could n't remember anything else.The dialogue is terrible . The acting of the main performers is okay , considering what they have to work with -LRB- at one point the main character has to fight off a robotic arm broken off from an android -RRB- , but outside of the leads , the acting stinks . The plot is rather far fetched for a horror film , teetering on the edge of sci-fi . It did n't bother me that the film had little to do with Michael Myers -LRB- he has a cameo on the television screen in a bar -RRB- . I think the idea of having a bunch of Halloween movies about different aspects of the holiday is great . However , it was poorly executed and that is why it failed.The only reason for watching this film is for the `` Silver Shamrock '' song set to the tune of London Bridge . I sing that song every once in awhile and when someone recognizes it , an instant bond is formed because we have both set through the `` horror '' that is HALLOWEEN III
 There 's not many positive things to be said about this movie , except that , in my opinion , it does have the most revolting death scene ever in a horror movie . -LRB- the scene where they show the woman 's face after the chip shoots a laser into her skull -- GREAT make-up work ! -RRB-
 After Michael Myers and his doctor , Sam Loomis , both die in the end of `` Halloween 2 '' , John Carpenter and his pal Tommy Lee Wallace make a second sequel to classic `` Halloween '' which has nothing more to do with the two previous works . Here the evil is no more a young masked serial killer but an old sick man who hates kids and wishes to kill them all on Halloween night , all over the country , using a signal given through TV and blowing up Halloween masks and the heads with them.The story is very poor . The too rare and underrated Tom Atkins -LRB- the real hero of `` The Fog '' -RRB- is very good but he ca n't save this piece of work from meaninglessness . Stacey Nelkin acts very badly , Dan O'Herlihy does n't really belong in this and the killer robots - the Terminators - are more ridiculous than really scary . The movie is watchable , but only for Carpenter 's sound , soundtrack , and legendary art of atmosphere which are just great . The movie 's frightening only thanks to it.Because of the public failure of the film , Michael Myers and Sam Loomis have been decided to be -LRB- senselessly -RRB- ` resurrected ' for the 4th , 5th and 6th parts of the series . And after Donald Pleasence 's death , they brought Jamie Lee Curtis back for the following ones . The result is only worse to this and the second part . So what 's the use , except money ?
 This movie made me want to scrape turd-shaped photons off of the back of my retinas . Anyone who praised this dogpile is either struck by the popularity of the title or saw it when they were 5 years old and are still trying to hold onto a simpler time in their life . The plot was paper-thin and the acting made me want to wear one of those Silver Shamrock masks in the hope my life would end at any second while watching this shameful reminder that ANYONE can make a movie.I love the Halloween Series -LRB- most of it , anyway -RRB- but this is crap . Pass on this one , kids!Edit
 I saw this movie on the AMC Monster Fest , and I DID watch it all the way through , and I believe I can honestly say this is not a very good movie at all . It is more of an adventure-type story than the all-out horror of the other Halloween flicks . This story is `` Let 's go save the children of the world from the diabolical plot of a madman '' , whereas the Michael Myers-focused flicks are all about `` Surving through the night '' . The least they could 've done was keep in the spirit of the previous films . It 's okay trying to do something a little different , but this is a complete turnaround for the series , and it really could 've just been titled `` Season of the Witch '' and it would n't make any difference.Basically , my main complaint is that this film does n't fit at all into the same horror sub-genre as any of the other films in the series , and that 's just plain wrong . My second complaint is that the movie as a whole was medicore , it 's only redeming quality , if you could call it redeming at all-is that it tried to do something different from the previous films , it just did n't work is all .
 wow . this is bad . you are expecting another mike myers , but instead its some cheesy story about some dumb mask company full of robots trying to turn kids ' faces into crickets . this movie isnt even scary , in fact , i laughed at it because it was so stupid . if i was paid a million dollars to watch it again i wouldnt . stupid movie this one is .
 Horrible movie about a stupid company called Silver Shamrock that likes to kill kids using a dumb chip in maskes derived from stone . The acting is horrid and John Carpenter even laughed during an interview and said originally Halloween was going to have different little sub-plots , so basically this movie was going to be recalled since Michael Myers became the main focus of the series . The is one scene where a guy has sex with a women and at the end she is really a robot , which makes absolutely no sense at all . The movie is just a disaster from start to finish , other scenes come to mind like the stupid scenes where a horde of bugs come out of this boys mask and snake later appears out of nowhere . SKIP THIS DVD AT ALL COSTS , I WOULD RATHER WATCH PAINT DRY THEN TO SIT THROUGH THIS -LSB- crummy -RSB- MOVIE EVER AGAIN
 crappy sucky stupid pointless retarded insane unimportant useless idiotic . these are just a few words that i would use to describe this movie . just a few . thanks .
 This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen . No , Michael Myers ! I mean , without Michael Myers in a Halloween movie , it 's like saying no Jason in a Friday the 13th movie ! ThIS MOVIE SUCKED ASS !
 How they could call this movie `` Haloween '' I do n't know . I understand that was Carpenters Idea , but it was stupid . Micheal Myers is the coolest horror movie killer I can think of , and calling this a sequal to # 1 , and 2 is an insult to the movies . It was n't even that scary , and the plot was horrible , even worst than Nightmare on Elm Street , and that is saying something . The only thing I can think of that is good is the director , but he made a terrible mistake with this movie . So I give it a 1 star . For that one factor . People may say this movie is okay and stuff . But a horror movie that has nothing to do with it 's prequels , that 's not scary almost at all , has a horrible plot , and is just plain stupid , is not worth calling what it is . Dont watch this movie . Maybe , maybe rent it just to see why it is such a bad movie , and then you can tell all your friends that you just saw a horrible movie . Well , that 's all I have to say .
 I think I speak for a lot of people , damn near everybody when I say , this is the worst movie ever made . You 're basically waisting 2 hours of your life watching this pathetic showing of images , it breaks my heart that this film has to be assiocated with Carpenter , becuase he produced it . I just wish they would make this film become OOP and replace it with our hero Michael Myers in a prequel . I can go on & on about the cons of this film , but I wo n't . I think I made my point crystal clear ... DO N'T BUY THIS MOVIE ! DO N'T EVEN RENT IT ! IF EVERY CHANNEL ON YOUR TV WENT OUT AND THE ONLY MOVIE/SHOW THAT WAS ON WAS H3 , STILL DO N'T WATCH IT . I 'm serious it 's that bad . Since I have no choice to rate this movie I gave it 1 star , but it deserves none .
 This is THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN ! Seriously ! The original Halloween is great , but this movie ... ugh ! I 'm someone who usually enjoys cheesy low budget pictures as long as they are amusing . This movie seems like it would be amusing
 I know that statement is fairly intense . There have been lots of bad horror movies over the years . One often thinks of Leprechaun for example . But this is a thousand times worse . A THOUSAND!In this movie we follow Tom Atkins 's doctor character trying to figure out the secret of the Silver Shamrock toy company . They are producing Halloween masks with some evil property in them which causes people 's heads to basically collapse in on themselves and release bugs into the room . Weird . Not really . That part is actually one of the better scenes of the movie . But the rest is pretty bad . Of all the horror franchises that have sprung up over the years , Halloween is my favorite . the first was amazing , and is the inspiration for the other famous slashers . The sequals are all resonably well done , considering the sequals to movies like Friday the Thirteenth or Nightmare on Elm Street . But Season of the Witch is the worst of all the Halloween sequals . For one thing , it is n't involved in the plot of the other movies about Michael Myers -LRB- though he does appear in the movie . Take a good look whenever someone is watching TV , the original Halloween is playing . -RRB- While the lack of The Shape is a downside to the film , it does n't ruin it . I 'm sure that is this movie had been done well it would n't have mattered . Carpenter is a great horror director , but he just went wrong in this movie . The first two Halloween movies were bloody and violent , but not like this gorefest . The movie lost the subtle creepyness that the original invoked , while later sequals tried to build the original movie 's plot . This does not.So in conclusion , I really hated Halloween 3 . Fans of the series will watch it anyway -LRB- I did -RRB- out of curiosity , and the pure novelty of what happens when a good series tries to deviate from what people like about the original . However I will say this
 After the success of John Carpenter 's `` Halloween '' and Rick Rosenthal 's `` Halloween II '' , movie-goers should have known that a `` Halloween III '' was soon due . In 1981 , a year after the release of `` Halloween II '' , Tommy Lee Wallace 's `` Halloween III
 I honestly dont know what the deal was with this movie at all . It had nothing at ALL to do with any of the other halloween movies , and even if they hadnt of been tied it together with the halloween film series it still would have sucked because in my opinion it has no story line , is not scary at all , and has a terrible ending . Anyway dont waste your time unless your a DIE hard halloween series fan .
 Some business tycoon creates an elaborate plan to kill everyone on Halloween through subliminal messages on tv and covers up by sending a bunch of goons in suits to kill people from a convention who know too much . A great idea is lost in the sick gore and the horrible special effects . Ends up being a waste of time . BOO !
 To Start , the movie was called `` Halloween '' , wich would cause people to think that it is a sequel to the Michael Myers series . WRONG ! There is no Michael Myers in this film . So right off , it 's not a `` Halloween '' movie , in fact it sucked . The `` Halloween '' series is about Michael Myers stalking & killing people . Michael Myers not being in this film , was not the only reason why this was so bad . Horror movies are supposed to be scary . This one , Not scary at all ! At first glance you might think that it where a comedy , but no , they want you to take this movie as if it where a real horror movie . They just talked about nonsense , and the whole idiotic plot is about masks that wo n't come off . I would have marked this in the negative number of stars , but It was n't a choice in the selection . A REAL WASTE OF ANY HUMANS LIFE ! This film should only be used if the goal to reach is torturing some one into long term mental agony . My complete dislike for this movie can not be captured in a mere paragraph , so I will end my rant now.My Overall Rating
 Okay , I hear some people that complain about there being no Mike Myers . Well , in that case let 's just take away the title a put a new one in
 Let 's get real people . This movie had no right to be under the `` Halloween '' name . It should have just been called something else . When I watch a `` Halloween '' movie , I want to see Michael Myers , not a bunch of killer halloween masks . If you are a `` Halloween '' fan , you could very well skip this and move on to part 4 . I only got this movie to complete my `` Halloween '' collection .
 ... As a horror movie buff , I can honestly say that this is about as bad as it gets . There is absolutely no entertaining value whatsoever to this garbage .
 I cant believe they would disgrace such a good horror series with this piece ! This film is a disgrace to film making and acting , well hell , really the whole movie industry . I cant not recommend this enough . I thought the film modern vampires was bad , but that makes modern vampires look like a movie gem ! The writer of this hasnt made another movie since , and for good reason ! He makes the rest of the horror writers & the HALLOWEEN movie series look horrible . I would recommend ANY of the other HALLOWEEN movies , but not this . And if you liked it , you couldnt know anything about movies , especially horror movies
 This movie had a few flashes of greatness , but this movie is unlike any of the other Halloweens ... four thumbs down .
 I bought this thinking it was the 1941 b-movie by the same name starring Mary Beth Hughes and Lloyd Nolan -LRB- it was labeled as such -RRB- . I was disappointed , to say the least . This movie 's just kind of boring and I did n't get my Mary Beth Hughes eye candy fix . I know this is n't helpful , but some sellers on Amazon Marketplace seem to be getting these two movies mixed up , so be sure to ask the seller which version of Dressed to Kill they 're selling before you buy !
 This unbelievably boring , uninventive thriller that borrows too much from Hitchcock 's Psycho -LRB- shower murders , double identity of the killer , death of the main heroine , etc. -RRB- is quite possibly Brian De Palma 's worst movie that I have seen so far .
 Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce receive a desultory sendoff in their final Sherlock Holmes entry for Universal . Despite the efforts of director Roy William Neill and a good supporting cast , `` Dressed to Kill '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- feels like a `` B movie '' throwaway with its flat scripting and recycled Frank Skinner music from `` Son of Frankenstein . '' A dull end to a memorable series .
 With all the violence in the world , do we really need to sit through a movie where two women torture and beat the living daylights out of each other ? I could not endure this flick to it 's `` painfully ironic ending ... ''
 I bought this because the Amazon info at the top indicates this is a 3D movie - they even indicate what glasses you 'll need to view it . I was SO excited ! BUT - THIS DVD IS NOT IN 3D !!! The 3D is the original title , which WAS originally released in 3D . However , only a UK version was released in 3D - this one IS NOT !!! If you 're looking for a 3D movie , this is n't it .
 At the time this movie was made it was probably a great gimmick to release the third film in the series in 3-D -LRB- as with Jaws 3 and Friday the 13th Part 3 -RRB- . Also in order to make the film more ` kid-friendly ' , the producers shot for a PG rating totally going against the well earned R of the second film . Ok ok thats fine . I can live with the 3-D and the PG rating , but what about the film . The film itself is the real problem as it is so hum drum and mediocre . The story has a reporter who is stubborn and `` refused to believe the stories '' and buys the historic haunted house . Everyone else sees the spooks except him and predictable outcomes occur . The plot is just tame and predictable . There are many sub-plots that do n't work too hot either , like that re-occuring `` demon '' thing . A lady developes a picture to find a `` demon '' head in it and the same demon comes out of a demonic well at the end . With the stale story and limp directing , its no wonder Amityville 3-D put the final nail in the coffin for further Amityville films not to be released theatrically.What I found curious is that the MGM box set I got this film in states on the bottom of the box in tiny writting that `` This is not a sequel to The Amityville Horror or Amityville II
 This is my least favorite of all the Amityville Horror movies . I find this one boring at times and the acting not so great . Not as many scares and thrills that the first 2 have . The house is still cool ! but overall , this part 3 fails to deliver the suspense , etc. that the first 2 deliver . Just disappointing though not terrible .
 The only thing about this movie that is 3D is the name , , I thought I was getting a 3D movie , , very disappointed that is not what I received
 just a little heads up for everybody , despite the tittle and amazon stating that this is a 3D version of the film , it is NOT . it is nether anaglyph nore the old Field Sequential active shutter 3D , technically this is false advertisement ... so BUYER BEWARE !! and I gave 1 star for this reason .
 Of the three movies , 3-D on DVD , that I bought recently , this has to be labeled the `` not really 3-D '' movie . It could not shine a light to the National Geographic '' Sea Monsters 3-D '' . Pass this one up .
 I ca n't believe they 're selling this movie . -LRB- A friend let me borrow his copy . -RRB- Bad acting -LRB- sorry Meg Ryan , but you did get better ! -RRB- , bad directing , bad special effects , no plot , no sympathetic characters . I laughed at the dorky demon when he jumped out of the well and lunged at the screen . But do n't get me wrong , do n't even waste your time watching this movie to laugh at how bad it really is , because it 's not even campy . Really , it 's so bad I wrote my first review just to warn you . They should throw all the copies of this movie in the well with that clown for a demon .
 I 'm not sure why does this movie says on his tittle `` 3D '' , i received a very old movie -LRB- 70 's , i believe -RRB- with really bad effects and nothing of the 3D effects that it 's is promoted on Amazon
 Movie was fair . Not as good as the others . The 3D effects are few and weak .
 I 'd really like to say some good things about Amityville 3-D , but who am I kidding ? It sucks . Now , I understand that Part 3s must be an awful thing for a director to sign on for . Inheriting an film series must be pretty tough , and by the time you get to a Part 3 of something , you 're most likely gon na be going over ground covered before ... and covered better at that . And in dealing with a series that involves a haunted house , your options are quite limited . I mean really , what can you do ? Well , why not do it in 3-D ? That 's really the only thing this movie has going for it , and it 's not even available on this dvd . I do n't mind a plot being rehashed -LRB- if I did , I certainly would n't own the Friday The 13th box set -RRB- , but if you 're gon na do it , you should at least put some flair in it . In this film , Woody Allen regular Tony Roberts plays a reporter who likes to expose fake psychics and hauntings . This is to assure us that we 're really dealing with skeptical man who 's gon na be tough to break . He winds up buying the Amityville house coz it 's cheap , available and no one wants it -LRB- kinda like alot of chicks I 've dated -RRB- . After he 's moved in , we get the usual Amityville shenanigans , but without any creepiness or zip . Hell , even if it were so bad it was funny , at least that could be something worthwhile . Problem is , it 's just bad , period . Boring too . This time around , the house actually attacks people and kills them . This is a first in the series -LRB- possessing the kid in part 2 does n't count -RRB- . Plus , it seems to be able to kill people away from the house . How about them apples ? There are a few decent scenes that spark a bit of hope , but it 's all too little , too late . A ghostly apparition of Lori Loughlin -LRB- remember ? Uncle Jessie 's chick from Full House ? -RRB- walking through the house while she actually lies dying outside is okay . And the grand finale where a rubber demon jumps out of the glowing well in the basement and spits fire into Robert Joy 's face is a bit of silly fun -LRB- the demon is the coolest thing in the movie and you see it for about 4 seconds -RRB- . Joy 's scream is priceless . Plus , I do remember the old vhs box for this film having a cool looking cover with a demon hand coming out at you from the house . Otherwise , you 'd do well to leave this one alone . Unless you 're a hardcore Tony Roberts fan , that is , and who is n't ? Still I 'd think about it .
 After the Horrid and sicking Second movie , Dino De Laurentiis bought the rights to the story and set about to work his magic on it . Mr. De Laurentiis had done `` STUNING '' things with his train wreck films `` King Kong '' , `` Orca '' , and later `` STUNNERS '' like `` Dune '' and `` King Kong Lives '' so who better to do a sequel than him.With nothing like a story or plot to get in the way , the scares come like free money ... . almost never !!! after this the series set dormant for almost 6 years !!! Yes , it 's that bad !!!!!
 ` Amityville 3D ' IS NOT in 3D on the dvd release . That 's about as scary as it gets . What we have here is a film that tries too hard to be scary , but none of the scenes ever connect . Thumping noises heard upstairs but then there 's nothing , the ` history ' of the house being evil and what happend there , but you saw that anyway in the previous 2 films ! The film is full of small ` events ' none really leading into the other , but not scary either . In the end , -LRB- and this is not a spoiler , because there is nothing to spoil , and besides it 's in the trailer -RRB- the house blows up , but the lights stay on in the front doorway after the rest of the house is gone . How can the lights stay on after the house is gone ? IT IS HAUNTED !!!!
 You ever want to have a little Halloween cheer , but you 're absolutely pressed to get the house tidied up , or wash dishes , or do taxes ? At ease , my friend
 This movie is absolutely dreadful - save your money and DO NOT buy it . It seriously has to be one of the worst , most cheesiest scary movies I have ever seen -LRB- although I did not watch all of it because I had to turn it off after the first 30 minutes -RRB-
 Hello all I normally do n't complaint about my orders from Amazon but this one really upset me I was planning a pajama party for my daughter and thought having 3-d movies will be a cool item . Received my movie and comes to find out the movie was n't in 3-d format . To make a long story short the company needs to get into details letting their customers know that the movie is n't really in 3-d .
 I WISH THEY WOULD INCLUDE IN THEIR DESCRIPTION , IT IS NOT MADE FOR SHUTTER GLASSES 3D . I KEEP WASTING MY MONEY BECAUSE THEY WO N'T DESCRIBE THE 3D 'S ACCURATE .
 My beef is n't with it not being `` 3D '' but with how boring and awful it is , the only spooks you get is scattered , You got this guy who is a `` Skeptic '' well needless to say so much for him being a skeptic and gets what he deserves for being so dumb , naive and stubborn or `` skeptic '' . -LRB- In the movie of course -RRB- , Lori Loughlin -LRB- Full House -RRB- , An ever Annoying as Always Meg Ryan -LRB- Why could n't she die in the movie ? -RRB- and apparently a hot well/fountain in the basement . You want scares Try part 1 with Uber-Liberal Pansy and Stressiand Bum James Brolin and Part 2 With Burt Young -LRB- Convoy , Pig Pen -RRB- all the other movies after really are a disservice .
 As a collector of 3-D movies that really work , this one is a total rip off !! Do not waste your time or money if you expect a 3-D experience . Movie was a bit out of focus , no viewing glasses included what so ever , and did not even work with any of the many different types of 3-D glasses that I own . Was not even worth the bother of returning it , so I threw it in the trash , do not believe everything you read ! This DVD was totally misleading in its description.BEWARE !!!
 There was a version released in the UK and it includes an excellent 3-D DVD extra disc , you need the right TV to play it but it looks fanatastic . Go for that one instead .
 Oh what a tangled web we weave ... when Amityville fans we try to deceive . There is so little that is appealing about this train wreck of a movie that it astonishes me to this day that someone had the nerve to pin the Amityville name on this schlock fest.The story is downright wrong , if you can call the contrived script a story . two non believers move into the house to expose it as a simple hoax and get the surprise of their lives when they discover as others before them had , that the house is definitely not one apt to be selected for Better Homes and Gardens magazine . Sounds interesting , right ? Wrong.The performances by Roberts in particular are flat and emotionless . Only the burnt in car victim on her way to tell the unsuspecting owner of the house 's true nature scene is slightly engaging . The script is horrible , the scares are non existent , and none of the original feelings that this could be really be true are there . Its a monstrosity of epic proportions that should NEVER be viewed by any true fan of the Amityville series . Avoid this movie ... . like a haunted house
 I ordered this because I love 3-D movies . Even terrible movies are more fun with the paper glasses.I was hugely disappointed when I opened the DVD case and found nothing but a disk . No 3-D glasses . The DVD is not 3-D . Just a flattened-out version of the ultra-cool movie I remember from the theater.So if you want a good 3-D movie , this is n't it . If you want a good horror movie , well , it 's the second sequel to a decent horror movie . When has a second sequel ever been any good ? Only when it was in 3-D
 Saying that this was the best of the first three Amityville films is roughly like saying getting hit in the head with a baseball is better than getting hit in the head with a bowling ball . The third film , Originally titled `` Amityville III the Demon '' did n't really have much to live up to as the first two films were pretty awful.It starts with the premise of John Baxter -LRB- Tony Roberts -RRB- and Melanie -LRB- Candy Clark -RRB- as two investigative reporters fora magazine who come to the Amityville house in order to expose a scam run by two fraudulent psychics . With their job done , Baxter actually decides to buy the home since the owner is selling the property so cheaply . Roberts moves in with his daughter Susan -LRB- Lori Laughlin -RRB- and of course , strange things begin to happen . Strange noises , doors turning up locked , not to mention the deaths of two people in accidents who recently visited the home . Add to that photos taken come up with strange disfigurations on various faces which Baxter , the dummy , just passes off as a defect . Does n't he watch TV?From there we get the usual haunted house trappings including Susan and her friends -LRB- including a oyung Meg Ryan -RRB- playing with a Quija board , and teams of psychic investigators coming to the home with all of their equipment and finding what any dimwit could have told you without thousands of dollars in electronics ... the House is haunted ... Get the Hell out!The film was originally done in 3D which was fairly lame when you saw it in theaters and absolutely stupid when you view it on VHS or DVD with the `` subtle '' objects flying straight out at your face . It 's a slow moving film and at the end we get a laughable looking latex demon that emerges from that basement hole but by then you 've probably fallen asleep . A shame because there were some talented people in the movie along with the fact that Director Richard Fleischer had made such films as `` The Vikings '' , `` Doctor Dolittle '' , `` Soylent Green '' , and `` Tora , Tora , Tora '' but clearly this film was just to collect a paycheck .
 The 3D I was looking for was crappy ! I would not recommend this movie to anyone . 4 more words required !
 Viewed
 When a famous psychiatrist commits suicide , his daughter -LRB- Pamela Franklin -RRB- asks an investigative news reporter -LRB- Stephen Boyd -RRB- - and one of her father 's patients - to prove it was really murder.This is a quirky and moody -LRB- one could say ` dreary ' -RRB- mystery that quickly becomes tiresome due to a poor script and melodramatic direction . Pamela Franklin always was a mature child actress , but here , at 14 , she speaks and acts like a 40-year old woman and it 's just not believable . Boyd overacts as the reporter who is at turns testy and dull with unexplained fits of rage . The two supposedly have a friendship , which is never explained or justified and they spend the whole story shrieking at each other . We also sit through a series of red herrings when it 's obvious who did what.While the movie is really awful , it is of interest to see Richard Attenborough wasted in a small role with bad make-up and a pretty , young up-and-comer named Judi Dench in her movie debut . Other than that , this is a manipulative , overwrought drama that should have had a better script and proper direction .
 I 'm surprised to see that other people actually enjoyed this film , since I would rank it as perhaps the worst psychological thriller I have ever seen . A turgid script , weak lead performances , and lackluster direction make for a tedious experience . The DVD transfer is acceptable , though the contrast is rather excessive -LRB- perhaps a recently struck print was the source -RRB- . With so many fine films unreleased on DVD , it is rather a mystery why this entirely lackluster effort has been released .
 I had a lot of hope for this film . As a huge fan of the first two films in this series , I was excited to see the return of Jet Li to the role that made him famous . Also , I had hopes that Sammo Hung behind the camera could only improve things ... I was wrong . The story is uninspired , a mix between that Star Trek episode where Kirk loses his memory and ends up living with Native Americans and ... well , bad westerns . The fight scenes , which are supposed to be the hallmark of any HK actioner , were weak and shot poorly , missing whatever art may have been there . If you are interested in the genre , avoid this picture and rent/buy the first two . You want Cowboys and Indians with martial arts ... well , watch old `` Kung Fu '' episodes , if you must .
 It 's hard to figure out what is the worst part of this movie . The Chinese , the Native-Americans -LRB- or Chinese -RRB- , or the white people . The native-americans , or bearers of national socialist propaganda , seemed more like Chinese people dressed up as 1950 's Hee-Haw style Indians . Jet Li looked like a more convincing Native american than the `` real '' indians . The fight scenes were terrible , but the romance made me cry . By which I mean the incomprehensible love triangle made me cry in agony . But the first one was good , which makes this all the more disappointing .
 I reviewed both this and Hitman months ago . Where are they ?
 The biggest flaw in this flick is it 's director , Sammo `` I 'll do anything to make you laugh '' Hung.Leave it to Sammo to do a great job of disrespecting a great Chinese folkhero by making him look incompetent and stupid . While the fight scenes were descent , I could not get over the fact that all credibility of the character had been destroyed . Sammo just did n't do this whole saga justice.On a side note , the DVD version that I saw -LRB- and reviewing -RRB- , the ChinaStar version , had about a 2-3 second delay in subtitles . Also the aspect ratio manually changes . Not a very professional job.I would rent this first . If you decide to purchase it , make sure it 's the Carnival version , as pictured at the top of the page .
 This has to the worst OUATIC series . The Story plot was a laugh . Jet Li sounded like a little boy in this movie . Once again , he was the untouchable wong fei hong . I actually felt sorry for the bad guy at the end when Jet kicked the living day lights out of him again and again .
 The story is not so bad -LRB- well ... Shangai Noon , which is quite similar , is much better ... -RRB- it 's just badly directed . The fight scenes are unwatchable and the dialogues are quite poor . Wong Fei-hung -LRB- Jet Li -RRB- is out of character -LRB- for example
 When Jet Li stars as legendary Wong Fei-Hong , you know you 're going to see lightning quick attacks and ferocious high flying exploits . The only problem is that in all the Wong Fei-Hong movies combined , Fei-Hong has almost never been hit during the fight scenes . Every adversary prior to this movie seemed relatively skilled . But in this one none of these guys stood a chance ! None of them had any skill at all ! If you just wanted to watch fight scenes , you 'll be sorely disappointed to watch Jet beat up a bunch of Americans . I suppose they were trying to focus more on the story line -LRB- which was dreadfully mediocre ! -RRB- . The previous Once Upon a Time in China movies are much better . If you ca n't get enough of Wong Fei-Hong movies , try Iron Monkey ! It 's a much more exciting movie .
 Although they managed to drag Jet Li back to the series for this installment , I personally wish they 'd left the saga on the more respectable note that was the fourth sequel . Though the production values are high , with the American locations and actors being considerably better than in most HK films , the movie 's plot is the weakest of the lot.While Sammo Hung 's direction makes the best visual use of the settings , it 's suprisingly the action sequences that are the biggest let-down . The number of them is fairly frequent and the choreography is reasonable , but they are just too short to hold the attention . The failure to have a strong villian for Wong Fei-Hung to battle is also a major minus point.There is also no attempt made to develop the characters and their relationships , as it seems the filmmakers think that dumping WFH and the gang in the middle of a Western is enough to justify making the film . It is n't . It 's a shame such a great series of movies signs off with such a weak parting shot . One for OUATIC completists only .
 I bought the DVD because I thought I would be watching Brad Paisley singing the songs in three different festive scenes or locations . But I was very disappointed to discover that Brad did not appear at all . I may as well have just bought the CD .
 this is not a dvd to watch ! it is only audio music of brad paisley , with 2 stupid background slides . they are not even real photos , just digitally created . a big cheat if you expect to see somehting of brad paisley ...
 This movie is watchable only because of Hrithik Roshan . I was n't surprised though . I was warned about this movie and Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai also starring Hrithik and Amisha was not worth buying . I purchased both anyway because I want to collect all Hrithik Roshan 's movies , so it was not a regret or waste of money . Amisha Patel was not easy for me to watch . She was too young , lacked depth , and was a bad dancer . I did n't find her that attractive either . It seems like the extras and dancers were all better looking including the lady flirting with Hrithik on the cruise . It was n't believable that Hrithik 's charater Rohit would fall in love with her . If you have a good character and personality then looks does n't matter but her character was a hot tempered spoiled brat which did n't help her looks . If this was my first Bollywood film , I would not have become a fan of Bollywood so do n't let this be your first ! If you have never seen a Bollywood film , there are so many great ones out there to watch first such as Kuch Naa Kaho , Jodhaa Akbar , Straight from the Heart , Devdas , Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge , Dil Ka Rishta , Ashoka , and a great Hindi film `` Black . '' Hrithik Roshan was great as always but Amisha Patel did n't deliver like the great female actors I usually watch , such as , Madhuri Dixit , Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , Rani Mukherjee , and Karisma Kapoor to name a few .
 Some movies stand the test of time , and some do n't . ` Kaho Naa ... Pyaar Hai ' was a box-office hit , generally liked by critics , and it cleaned up at the Filmfare Awards -- Best Actor and Best Debut went to Hrithik Roshan and Best Movie and Best Director went to his father , veteran filmmaker Rakesh Roshan . It 's evident in this , his first film , that the junior Roshan , now a superstar , is a natural-born actor as he skillfully assumes a dual role and gives each of his characters distinct personalities . The movie itself is mildly entertaining , but a disappointment in retrospect , given its strong initial reception . Bollywood has changed so much in the last decade -LRB- for good or bad is a matter of debate for some -RRB- that it 's amazing how dated a 10-year-old Hindi film can be.Hrithik plays Rohit -- a car salesman by day and a struggling musician by night . Rohit and his much younger brother Amit are orphans -LRB- although it 's never explained what exactly happened to their parents -RRB- and they live with an older couple -LRB- it 's never made clear if these two are related to the boys or merely renting a room to them -RRB- . Rich daddy 's girl Sonia Saxena is played by Amisha Patel , also in her film debut , but unlike Hrithik , she went on to have a middling career.Sonia 's father -LRB- Anupam Kher -RRB- buys her a car from Rohit , who delivers it to her personally . Rohit then crashes her birthday party and sings at it . They take a fancy to each other and go on a cruise together with all their friends . Sonia gets drunk on champagne , Rohit joins her , and they pass out in a lifeboat that breaks away from the cruise ship . They end up on a deserted island , but these goody-two-shoes do n't fool around . Sonia 's father suspects otherwise , however , and when he rescues the pair , he decides to keep them apart . Mr. Saxena is involved in some shady dealings , and when Rohit accidentally witnesses his associates shooting a police officer , the bad guys chase him down on his motorcycle and run him off a bridge . He drowns in the water below , but his body is never recovered.Mr . Saxena sends the grieving Sonia to live with her uncle in New Zealand , and she meets Raj -LRB- also played by Hrithik -RRB- , who looks exactly like Rohit -LRB- except Raj is edgier than her cloying first love -RRB- . Raj pursues her , even though she literally runs away from him , haunted as she is by memories of Rohit . Raj follows her back to India , where Rohit 's enemies target Raj , thinking they did n't finish the job the first time.Raj does not turn out to be the amnesia-stricken Rohit or his long-lost twin , and kudos to the film for not going in either of those predictable directions . However , there 's no explanation for why Raj is identical to Rohit . Even some symbolic reason would have sufficed , but none is given.There 's a lot going on in this movie , and plenty of high drama , and yet , it 's not terribly engaging . - The Bollywood Ticket
 This movie was only worth watching because of Hrithik Roshan -- great talent . He has the ability to turn a horrible script into a semi-masterpiece , if given the right costar ... which unfortunately was not the case here . His costar over-acted throughout the entire movie -- she singlehandedly was able to kill whatever life Hrithik was able to give to the script . I saw her in 2 movies and that was two too many ... the other was Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage , also with Hrithik Roshan ... Unless you are a huge fan of his and feel the need to watch all his movies , do n't bother with these two .
 The absurdities necessary to sustain a Young Earth Creationist -LRB- YEC -RRB- worldview are literally cosmological in scope as the DVD version of `` Starlight and Time '' -LRB- derived from the book of the same title -RRB- painfully attests . Forcibly mating biblically induced fundamentalist dogma and magical thinking with General Relativity and Cosmology is an act of intellectual and scientific rape - but contemporary YECs never have let their sense of morals prevent them from doing what is ` right . ' `` Starlight and Time '' purports to show how light could travel billions of light years from distant astronomical objects during the passage of only a few thousand years of Earth time . Even YECs admit that the universe is vast - beyond any biblical cosmology however burlesque their exegetical exertions - but dogmatically refuse to cede that the earth is old - a paradox of their own making , a single snowflake in the blizzard of ignorance that typifies so-called ` creation science . ` Humphreys and Baumgardner posit an alternative cosmology to solve the light travel time problem and assuage febrile creationist sensibilities . Humphreys ' white hole cosmology has been reviewed and found universally wanting by the reality-based scientific community and old earth creationists ! Even YEC stalwarts , who routinely swallow shallow sacro-scientific swill , entertain substantial doubts , although leading purveyors of misinformation such as Answers in Genesis -LRB- AiG , employer of Baumgardner -RRB- and the Institute for Creation Research -LRB- ICR -RRB- continue to disingenuously pimp `` Starlight and Time '' - even while they subtly admit that it is ultimately flawed.Humphreys jettisons the cosmological principle in favor of a non-uniform universe that takes the shape of a sphere with a finite radius . In this metaphysical morass only charitably described as a model ` god ' stretches a primordial black hole , located at the center of the sphere , and by so doing magically converts it into a white hole with bizarre time dilation consequences . Essentially Humphrey 's model enshrines numerous misconceptions about what the Big Bang actually says about the origin of the universe.He then attempts to determine the physical consequences by applying General Relativity to the resulting matter distribution , and claims that gravitational time dilation causes time to pass more quickly the further you are from the center of the universe . By placing the earth close to the center of the cosmos , Humphreys claims to solve a fundamental problem for Young Earth Creationists - reconciling the numerous lines of evidence for a 13.7 billion year old -LRB- + / - 200 million years -RRB- universe with their biblical claim that the earth was only created some 6,000 to 12,000 years ago.The gospel-motivated gerrymandering of General Relativity hawked in `` Starlight and Time '' places the earth and a white hole , the inverse of a black hole -LRB- white holes emit matter and energy , black holes voraciously ingest matter -RRB- at the center of the universe . Humphreys traipses over the inconvenient fact that X-ray and energetic particle emissions from a nearby white hole would incinerate the earth , but happily for the planet no observational evidence of a nearby white hole has been discovered - another laughable lacuna . Other problems stem from a bizarre misapplication of time dilation ; for time to pass more quickly in the distant reaches of space earth would need to be close to a black hole , not a white hole . Humphreys later tried to revive his moribund model by positing a time dilation effect inside the white hole , but this approach was equally unphysical . His faith-based fantasies also fail to explain astronomical observations ranging from the cosmic microwave background radiation and its anisotropy to light element abundance . Amateur-hour apologetic astrophysics ala Humphreys fails to correlate with reality and can be safely discarded.Humphreys ' findings are , to borrow a phrase from the Nobel Prize winning physicist Wolfgang Pauli , `` not even wrong . '' Humphreys later publication `` New Vistas of Spacetime Rebut the Critics '' orphans his original arguments by inventing fresh fallacies to replace his former fantasies - an unfortunate pattern that permeates all of his work.Ultimately Humphreys is wrestling with a preposterous hypothesis . His failure is spectacular and totally expected . Any YEC universe consistent with General Relativity must display extraordinarily rapid decreases in the observed redshifts of distant galaxies and can not contain visible objects which are more than a few thousand light years away!The redshift anomalies predicted are not observed and objects billions and billions of light years away are routinely surveyed and cataloged . General Relativity and the Big Bang as utilized by reality-based mainstream science trumps the hermit hermeneutics endemic to the ` genesis is an incontrovertible history of the universe ' claque of credulous YECs.If you enjoy convoluted and elastic reasoning as an art form , or wish to build a video library of classic YEC calumnies and conceits by all means purchase `` Starlight and Time '' - it is a tendentious treasure . By any other metrics the demon-haunted universe is brain dead and so is this DVD . If you prefer reality-based science purchaseNOVA - Originsby Neil Degrasse Tyson or the genre definingCosmosby Carl Sagan .
 I had previously read and purchased the book `` Starlight and Time '' which was excellent . When I saw the DVD for sale I could n't wait to get IT thinking a visual might even bring the subject matter even closer to the understanding . Alas , it is mostly two very smart , but also very UN-charismatic personalities droning on and on about the topic that had been so utterly clear and facinating in print ! BUY the book , but do n't even bother with this DVD rendition .
 Although they managed to drag Jet Li back to the series for this installment , I personally wish they 'd left the saga on the more respectable note that was the fourth sequel . Though the production values are high , with the American locations and actors being considerably better than in most HK films , the movie 's plot is the weakest of the lot.While Sammo Hung 's direction makes the best visual use of the settings , it 's suprisingly the action sequences that are the biggest let-down . The number of them is fairly frequent and the choreography is reasonable , but they are just too short to hold the attention . The failure to have a strong villian for Wong Fei-Hung to battle is also a major minus point.There is also no attempt made to develop the characters and their relationships , as it seems the filmmakers think that dumping WFH and the gang in the middle of a Western is enough to justify making the film . It is n't . It 's a shame such a great series of movies signs off with such a weak parting shot . One for OUATIC completists only .
 The biggest flaw in this flick is it 's director , Sammo `` I 'll do anything to make you laugh '' Hung.Leave it to Sammo to do a great job of disrespecting a great Chinese folkhero by making him look incompetent and stupid . While the fight scenes were descent , I could not get over the fact that all credibility of the character had been destroyed . Sammo just did n't do this whole saga justice.On a side note , the DVD version that I saw -LRB- and reviewing -RRB- , the ChinaStar version , had about a 2-3 second delay in subtitles . Also the aspect ratio manually changes . Not a very professional job.I would rent this first . If you decide to purchase it , make sure it 's the Carnival version , as pictured at the top of the page .
 This has to the worst OUATIC series . The Story plot was a laugh . Jet Li sounded like a little boy in this movie . Once again , he was the untouchable wong fei hong . I actually felt sorry for the bad guy at the end when Jet kicked the living day lights out of him again and again .
 The story is not so bad -LRB- well ... Shangai Noon , which is quite similar , is much better ... -RRB- it 's just badly directed . The fight scenes are unwatchable and the dialogues are quite poor . Wong Fei-hung -LRB- Jet Li -RRB- is out of character -LRB- for example
 When Jet Li stars as legendary Wong Fei-Hong , you know you 're going to see lightning quick attacks and ferocious high flying exploits . The only problem is that in all the Wong Fei-Hong movies combined , Fei-Hong has almost never been hit during the fight scenes . Every adversary prior to this movie seemed relatively skilled . But in this one none of these guys stood a chance ! None of them had any skill at all ! If you just wanted to watch fight scenes , you 'll be sorely disappointed to watch Jet beat up a bunch of Americans . I suppose they were trying to focus more on the story line -LRB- which was dreadfully mediocre ! -RRB- . The previous Once Upon a Time in China movies are much better . If you ca n't get enough of Wong Fei-Hong movies , try Iron Monkey ! It 's a much more exciting movie .
 I had a lot of hope for this film . As a huge fan of the first two films in this series , I was excited to see the return of Jet Li to the role that made him famous . Also , I had hopes that Sammo Hung behind the camera could only improve things ... I was wrong . The story is uninspired , a mix between that Star Trek episode where Kirk loses his memory and ends up living with Native Americans and ... well , bad westerns . The fight scenes , which are supposed to be the hallmark of any HK actioner , were weak and shot poorly , missing whatever art may have been there . If you are interested in the genre , avoid this picture and rent/buy the first two . You want Cowboys and Indians with martial arts ... well , watch old `` Kung Fu '' episodes , if you must .
 It 's hard to figure out what is the worst part of this movie . The Chinese , the Native-Americans -LRB- or Chinese -RRB- , or the white people . The native-americans , or bearers of national socialist propaganda , seemed more like Chinese people dressed up as 1950 's Hee-Haw style Indians . Jet Li looked like a more convincing Native american than the `` real '' indians . The fight scenes were terrible , but the romance made me cry . By which I mean the incomprehensible love triangle made me cry in agony . But the first one was good , which makes this all the more disappointing .
 I reviewed both this and Hitman months ago . Where are they ?
 Disappointing version of the C.S. Lewis book . One of the more exciting novels in the series , but this miniseries is just dull and boring . The acting is amateur and I discovered recently that Camilla Power who plays Jill in this miniseries , was known in the Czech culture for a dubb voice in the Czech movie , `` Alice '' by Jan Svankmajer . Oh , such talent ! Not all what I was expecting . Skip this part , if you can .
 i bought this movie because i enjoyed the lion , witch and the wardrobe , but this movie is like a home video , it stunk , even my six year old grandson did not like it , i feel i wasted my money
 I hate to give a bad review for anything related to Narnia , but this depiction of The Silver Chair , was soooooo bad . It was so slow and boring that me and my two boys , ages 8 and 6 , could literally not sit through it . The `` special effects '' are so bad its just funny . But the worst part for me was the voice and manner of Aslan -- he looks and sounds like an angry , mean , horrible beast -LRB- the voice is that of an angry , ignorant , stubborn old man -RRB- . I did n't mind that my kids were n't interested in watching the whole thing since I did n't want them to have that image of Aslan in their heads !
 After watching the Disney versions of Chronicles and Prince Caspian , I did n't realize the Silver Chair was not a Disney film . I was so shocked to see such a bad production of a story . The acting was so bad , the entire thing was so poorly done . If you have seen the Disney films , you must know just what I mean . I 'm sorry I bought this one , guess I will donate it to my local Library . Hopefully Disney will make this one too , and I would certainly buy that one .
 I ca n't begin to tell you how bad I though this movie was . I am so upset that I paid for this move . When I saw the The Chronicles of Narnia
 Do n't waste your money . Thankfully I borrowed this from the library . This is some of the worst acting I 've ever seen , and a complete insult to a great book and a great author.If the intention was to find a cast who is completely incompitent , than the goal was accomplished . Since it was made in 1990 , the poor special affects can be forgiven , but not the acting.There 's not much more to say . This was disgusting .
 I found this series to be quite disapointing . The BBC version seemed very plastic . The actors were too theatrical and their acting too over the top . Characters like Reepicheep were played by dwarfs and the whole thing seemed too stiff . I wish someone would take hold of this wonderful series of books by C S Lewis and make a decent go of it like Harry Potter .
 I wanted to get all the sequences of '' The Chronicles of Narnia '' . However , this film is so B-rated that it 's hard to continue watching , when I 've already seen the others . I mean better graphics , script , everything .
 Did not like this movie at all . I didnot finish watching it because it did not have the usual characters that we had grown accustomed to . The movie was boring and did not have any merit whatsoever . This was a total waste of movie time .
 If you love the Basil Rathbone/Nigel Bruce `` Sherlock Holmes '' movies like I do , then DO NOT BUY THIS DISC ! The film print quality is very poor and the sound is very muddy . The DVD box falsely states a running time of 60 minutes -- but the running time of film they put on the dvd only runs 53 minutes ! Do the math . The 7 minutes they cut out are key scenes !! ... and the Index of scene selections does n't even work . Holmes and Watson deserve better ...
 Tedious Sherlock Holmes entry that ca n't be salvaged even with the casting of the best theatrical Holmes and Watson ; Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce . The speeding train makes for a limited cinematic experience , and Bruce 's Watson comes off more imbesole than sidekick . The bigger mystery is where the title comes from ; although the train travels at night , ` terror ' is not the word that comes to mind .
 Looking for a review of the Legend Sherlock Holmes here ? Well you might be able to find one here but only after searching for the Legend needle among the haystack of reviews of other DVD releases of the many companies issuing transfers of the Rathbone-Sherlock Holmes series . A big thumbs down to Amazon.com for this idiotic postmodernist posting of reviews policy . Bah humbug .
 The item shipped was not what I ordered . The supplier substituted a Family Dollar DVD for the item ordered . The price of the digitally restored DVD was $ 10.99 , but the item shipped was prepriced $ 1 . If I wanted a cheap DVD , I would have gone to the dollar store myself .
 Now do n't get me wrong , the fight sceens were great . But thats all the movie was . There was know sturcture to the story the movie was trying to tell . You would have had to major in Roman history to tell where it was going . I know this was not suppose to be a girly movie , but it could of had some drama to it . Plus their was no substance to it . It was just laid out on the table for the taking . But if you like to see worthless people getting murderd in a ring of tigers , this movie is for you .
 Having seen this movie i must say that is was a waste of my time . The reason that i say this is that the history in this movie is messed up . I have had quite a few roman history classes this film has nothing to do with that . For those of you that want a good movie based upon acient rome this is not the movie . But if you have no idea what acient rome is about , their laws , or history , then you might like this movie .
 In one scene early in the movie , General Maximus -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- is a prisoner who is about to be executed . He is kneeling , with his hands securely bound . His executioner stands behind him with his sword-point on his neck , about to sever his spine . The next instant Crowe is on his feet , sword in-hand and with both hands free . What utter nonsense !!! The only reality in Hollywood today is that today 's movies have none . This movie , like most today , is annoyingly unrealistic . How can one possibly be `` entertained '' by such mindless garbage?In another scene , the Emperor -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- tells Maximus that before his soldiers murdered his wife they raped her repeatedly , and she begged them for more . Today 's Hollywood loves to wallow in such filth ! I do not , and I sincerely hope you do n't either.In short , this movie insulted my intelligence and assaulted my conscience , which is why I am giving it one star . Frankly , much of it does n't deserve that.BTW , I fully expect the negative responses to this review to outnumber positive responses seven to one , which is yet another indication of the serious trouble our culture , and our country , are in today .
 I just got to tell you that I was just bored to tears watching this long and stupid movie . This one does n't earn the rights for an Academy Award : - -LRB-
 I do n't understand why this won Oscars , or why people think this is good . It had one great scene
 Gladitar is my most hated movie . Especially the fact that it is over 3 hours long . The DVD features are good the movie isnt and even with the features it isnt worth the money avoid this one !
 I thought this was the most boring movie I had ever seen . I fell asleep to it twice . It seemed to move at the pace of 2 miles per hour . I defintely do not recommend this film .
 worst movie ever . why you may ask well lets think . first it had no historical content . if you can point out where a gladiator kills an emperor and make rome a republic i will give you a million dollars . second the acting was horible . none of the actors showed any of the characters emotions except for comodus . and third the effects were worse than the old godzilla movies -LRB- which werent that bad -RRB- . i could make a better coloseum out of clay . well there ya go . gladiator is the worst movie in existance .
 After much Hollywood hoopla in the media I decided to see this movie and I was disappointed at the typical way Hollywood drops the ball . Now if I spent a few million bucks on making a movie I would check some facts like , the Romans did not speak Italian , Latin was the spoken language and did anyone catch the sound byte at the start of the film , the big battle the inhabitants of Germainia war chant was taken right from the movie Zulu with Michael Caine.Now what was wrong with the'German ` actors chanting for themselves , what not enough SAG cards to go around.Now the rest of the movie was well worth watching but I would not buy it on DVD or VHS it is barely is rentable , a real shame too because there is some excellent acting , notable was Oliver Reed.Better luck next time Hollywood .
 but they blew it . I must say I 'm surprised at all the 5-star reviews . The dramatic scenes are awful , starting with the confrontation between the emperor and his son . You can see everything coming a mile away , and the scenes are long and drawn out , filmed with the subtlety of a ` Jerry Springer ' episode . You might as well have a narrator carefully explain to the audience exactly what they 're supposed to feel , instead of allowing them to derive their experience from the acting and context . The character development of Commodus is appallingly simplistic and one-dimensional . I liked the general plot , and the scene where we first enter the great Coliseum is fantastic , but the scripting and directing are second-rate . Its as if they said . . `` good enough , with our huge marketing campaign this 'll make us a ton of money , why put in the effort to make it really good ? '' The climax was a joke . The set-up totally fails to suspend my disbelief , and you see the ending from two miles away , lending it the impact of a mouse fart . Braveheart is a similar movie carefully -LRB- and well -RRB- made . I might rate it three stars for what good scenes it has , but it deserves to have one yanked for blowing the opportunity to make a truly good film .
 I know it 's a great movie and everyone loves it . However , I was VERY disappointed with the quality of the DVD .2 and a half hour movie is too small for one DVD . They compressed the movie too much into one DVD and the screen was very jerky when i played the movie.I hope they will release a new edition with double-side DVD .
 Historical hokum is what this movie is all about . Crowe 's character was made up along with the whole story . Any man or woman that knows anything about Roman history should be offended by this movie . I guess the producers and directors thought by showing you good costumes and battle scenes assumed they could trick you into not thinking for yourself . The sad part is they probably were successfull with a minute exception of viewers.The movies finale speaks for the entire film . A roman emperor doing battle with the gladiator in the colliseum . The absurdity of portraying something like this shows Hollywood 's true arrogance . The real shame is that the same type of movie could have been just as or even more entertaining based on historical reality .
 I wrote a much longer and more detailed of this film once , but They would n't print it so I 'll just give you the basic conclusion
 The Oscars have sold out . This is just a copy of Braveheart . Anyone who saw `` Quills '' knows that Geoffrey Rush 's performance was astondingly better than anything in this movie . Between Gladiator and Titanic , the Acadamy has lost all credibility .
 What a snooze-fest . Terribly over-rated . There 's so much talk , talk , so many long , long shots of facial expressions that you want to scream
 This film is simply overrated junk . The fact that it was so decorated at the Academy Awards made me lose my last remaining shred of faith in the Academy .
 I do n't know what all the hype is about . This movie was barely worth the rental fee that I paid . I would wait until it 's on TV personally . I do n't really think that Juaquin Phoenix should be acting and I do n't think that Russell Crowe is all that fancy either . I would have enjoyed the movie more if they had both been eaten by lions .
 I saw this movie when it came out and it was good at the beginning and the tiger arena was cool ; but then it dragged ALOT . Also the director was n't being reasonable , 'cause what are the odds that a roman emperor would fight a gladiator in an arena . Plus would n't the emperor 's courtiers realise that he was a phycopath . And he is because HE KILLED HIS FATHER . ...
 Okay , so I bought this BD release of Gladiator . I spent MY money on a supposed BD version . Well , after three and a half hours of sitting comparing the BD to the DVD . I can officially say that the BD looks maybe a hair better than an upscale of the DVD . This is an abomination . Especially , with a film of this calliber . How could you not go frame by frame and want to get the best picture quality out of the original print . This is the type of film you want to see with 1080p and the best picture possible . How dare they market this as a BluRay release . Very sad . We should all sign a petition , send it to Paramount and demand they re-release this film in all of it 's splendor . I will be returning this movie . I could have just watched the DVD and picture wise , not have missed much . However , DTS HD MA is beautiful . That is about it though . So very sad . There is nothing saphire about this . I have seen older movies that have been released on BD that look better . As Maximus rose above in this film , we too should rise above this atrocity and demand a re-release correctly done !
 This Blu-Ray is the topic of much discussion across the HD world and the Internet.Reputable sites like The Digital Bits who have seen the disc report : `` The problem is with the level of detail . The vast majority of the film has a slightly digital-looking quality to it , and there 's clear edge-enhancement `` haloing '' visible . The extended edition scenes , however , look fine - no halos , no digital patina - they 're very natural looking . If the whole film looked like the extended scenes , we would n't be having this conversation . What it looks like to me -LRB- though it 's impossible to be sure , obviously -RRB- , is that someone at Universal -LRB- keep in mind , it 's Universal that controls the assets for DreamWorks - not Paramount -RRB- , decided to re-use the original digital master of the HD transfer done back in 2000 for the very first DVD release.Now , that transfer was state of the art for its day , and it was approved by director Ridley Scott , but obviously it 's a far cry from the quality of new HD transfers done today , in 2009 . One of the biggest problems is that until fairly recently , video mastering engineers were still applying edge-enhancement to their digital masters knowing that they were going to be used ultimately for standard-definition DVD release , and also analogue VHS and laserdisc . It took the mastering community a long time to break the habit.In this transfer , you can see it in the image . It 's also clear that the 2000 digital master has been digitally-filtered to reduce the haloing and other artefacts - the signs of DNR are not hard to miss . That 's in contrast to the extended edition scenes , which were transferred in HD in 2005 and so look much better . They 're still not quite up to today 's standards , but they look far superior to the rest of the film and there 's no edge-enhancement or obvious filtering visible . The footage simply looks natural - as it should.There 's been some talk of DNR being so excessive that - for example - arrows and fireballs disappear from one frame to the next . This IS an issue , but the fact is that when you watch the image in full motion it 's not something you really notice . The arrow or fireball is highly visible in one frame , less so in the next , more so in the third , etc. . You still detect the object in motion , so you do n't go , `` Oh my god , that fireball just disappeared ! '' The image just looks generally digital and lacking in fine detail . `` So there , make up your own mind . I for one love this movie and have both the original and Special Edition on DVD and have just cancelled my Blu-Ray order with Amazon . I will not be forking out another 26 Bucks for a lesser quality Blu-Ray . Paramount need to fix this now !
 watched my friends copy this morning since he simply had to own it ... well ... for Paramount/Dreamworks to think this is worthy of their new ` Sapphire ' line is just pathetic - quite frankly it 's all out hideous . When watched in extended mode the new footage was obviousily sourced/transfered from a better print , the theatrical scenes look just plain bad - there 's digital artifacts everywhere , halo-ing , edge enhancement . I ca n't believe a product of this sort and specifically for this film , where given such a shoddy transfer - this is COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE . Rent it , if you must , but do n't buy it . A new hidef transfer of the theatrical cut should have been mandatory . To add insult to injury , the DTS-ES Discrete 6.1 soundmix , available on the ` extended edition ' DVD is not present on the bluray edition - wow ... whoever commissioned and oversaw this blu-ray edition should get nailed to a tree . If I were Ridley Scott I 'd be p-o 'd . ` Kingdom of Heaven ' on blu is demo worthy , ` Gladiator ' on the other hand is a major letdown
 Please direct your attention to the review directly preceding mine.If you 're going to buy Gladiator then for heaven 's sake buy this version.http : / / www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B00003CXE7/qid=1125353778/sr=8-2/ref=pd_bbs_2/103-5526114-1392609?v=glance&s;=dvd&n;=507846Do not buy the extended version . The studios must be stopped from making these multiple versions of their movies on DVDs.Backbeat is released by the studio with only a 2.0 track on it then released later in 5.1 . Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas was giving similar treatment.If you have a home theatre system then you have even less reason to buy this extended edition . Where do the studios get off releasing a movie with a DTS track on it then releasing a longer version missing the DTS track ? They tried to do this with The Bourne Identity . Guess which one I 'm keeping ? That 's right , the DTS version . Gladiator has one of the best DTS tracks ever on it , everything is so clear and perfectly balanced . I 'm sick of the way the studios keep screwing over the public by not releasing the `` Special '' edition as the normal edition.Gladiator DTS : ES 6.1 is the only version of this movie that should be released . Help teach the studios that they ca n't screw us around like this.EDIT - JAN 2011 - The newly re-mastered Blu-ray version is of course the version you should be buying , complete with both versions of the film and a lossless high resolution soundtrack . The initial Blu-ray has been replaced . DVD just does n't cut it , the BLu-ray is miles better .
 Although I own the regular DVD version of Gladiator , I figured I may as well upgrade to Blu-ray since it was on sale . Needless to say , I recommend saving your money and spending it elsewhere . Heck , gambling it away on lottery tickets may garner a more quantifiable return than the visual mess contained on this disc . It seems the technicians went on holiday and left the Blu-ray conversion process to the interns ; that , or the studio had a lens filter on loan from Janice Dickenson . Every single prior review is precisely accurate regarding the dismal toll DNR and EE have taken on what could have been a cinematic pleasure . To use an analogy ; it 's like living in the monkey house . After a while , one becomes acclimated to the terrible smell of dung , to such an extent one no longer notices the pungent odor . Whoever remastered Gladiator to this poor excuse for `` Blu-ray '' must have been so accustomed to seeing the same fuzzy and distorted images , they were incapable of realizing what a gratuitous and utterly worthless product they developed .
 Very bad Picture Quality!I was excited to buy this blu ray , but then I started looking at the reviews . The picture has been treated with EE -LRB- edge enhancement -RRB- , -LRB- DNR -RRB- digital noise reduction , and other filters which make the picture quality much worse than it should be . Looking at screen captures , this is very obvious . One such glaring errors is a large numbers of arrows are erased from a shot because of what is believed to be a scratch removal filter . I await a good transfer and will most likely buy that day one .
 I absolutely love this movie and it just came in , and I opened it today . I bought it because I did n't believe the people who said that the Saphire series dvd was bad quality . Unfortunately they were right . The picture looks good but the frames skip about 5 times every minute . I am still watching it as we speak because I love the movie so much but I 'm pretty upset that the frames are messed up . I 'm sure it depends on which DVD you get but now I actually believe some of the people on here - when before I did n't . There 's no way I could ever watch this again , and will have to return it but I was so pumped about watching it I 'm still watching it out of principal and then its getting returned . Bottom line
 This review refers to the blu-ray picture quality only . The movie itself is an absolute classic . Unfortunately this blu-ray was a victim of considerable DNR and EE that has actually removed and distorted picture detail . Here 's a good example . At the beginning of the movie where we see Maximus as a General leading a final battle , you see an amazing wide shot of flying , flaming , arrows . It should look amazing , right ? Wrong . The picture was DNR 'd so badly that it actually removed arrows and the ones you can see are a blurred mess ! Absolutely terrible . Do n't waste your money on this . Wait until they release a quality blu-ray because `` this is not it ! ''
 The version about to be released on 2009-09-01 is defective . Picture quality is from the 2000 DVD master . I would advise waiting until an updated release is made available , do n't let them make you pay twice !!
 What a disappointment for such a heralded and popular film.This disc is a retread of the 2000 transfer , made for the DVD . What this means is that considerable edge enhancement -LRB- EE -RRB- , or false sharpness , remains in place . Universal , in prepping the old , outdated transfer for release , smeared what is called `` digital noise reduction , '' or DNR , all over the picture , to remove both the natural film grain that provides facial detail and other wonderful Blu-ray things , as well as cover up the nasty results of EE , which include white halos around most edges.The result ? A terrible picture :1 . The detail that justifies a Blu-ray upgrade , namely clear backgrounds and great facial detail , is GONE . It does NOT look like film , and barely upgrades the detail on the DVD . Yes , it 's slightly better , but only because of the increased resolution . It 's a barely noticeable upgrade .2 . Some elements are actually missing ! Like arrows and catapult ammunition . Gone . Erased . Some spears have been magically segmented due to the errors.In short , DO NOT BUY THIS BLU-RAY . It is a mere marginal upgrade from the DVD , and you should send a message to Paramount with your wallet . This is not worthy of the Sapphire label , and is not worthy of your purchase .
 The picture is extremely shoddy in this Blu-Ray release ! Avoid like the plague , so the studio gets the idea ! What the heck is the studio doing releasing this atrocious transfer on BD when the movie itself is such a great one ? Unbelievable ! A movie like this should have a flawless transfer ! Argh !
 Gladiator was one of the most anticipated titles on Blu-ray , but this release comes from an old master -LRB- used for the DVD in 2000 -RRB- and suffers from too much DNR -LRB- digital noise reduction , which smudges detail -RRB- and edge enhancement -LRB- outlines around edges -RRB- . In fact , there are details present on the DVD that are missing from the Blu-ray . On the other hand , Braveheart -LRB- released on Blu-ray on the same day -RRB- has a fantastic picture and makes Gladiator look even worse . The best thing to do is to pick up Braveheart -LRB- if you like the movie , of course -RRB- and wait for the eventual re-release of Gladiator .
 Instead of giving us the existing HD master with a high bit rate we get a reprocessedversion on Blu Ray with thick halos from sharpening and a waxy look with fine detailgone thanks to digital noise filtering . Well done indeed . What a let down.Details here -LSB- ... -RSB-
 < Complete excerpt from review on digitalbits.com > for which I wholey trust and respect the opinion of Bill Hunt , editor.Okay ... so , I 've seen Gladiator and Braveheart on Blu-ray this afternoon . I should let you know that I tried to get the discs from Paramount directly . They 're usually very helpful and responsive in such situations , but they genuinely do n't seem to have them available to send them out until early next week , for whatever reason . Given the controversy around the Net regarding the Gladiator transfer , however , I still wanted to be able to see the discs today myself - rather than comment on all this screenshot silliness - to make my own judgments and report here in time for you all to have fair warning prior to street date -LRB- 9/1 - this coming Tuesday -RRB- . It 's your money , and you want to spend it wisely . You need information in order to do that.Let me first comment on the whole issue of screenshots . Judging a disc based on a few screenshots is , I think , silly . A screenshot represents 1/24 of a second of film . For a 2-hour film , that just 1/172 ,800 th of the total visual information . You just ca n't properly judge a transfer based upon that little information . Screenshots CAN be illustrative of various kinds of image-related problems . But you really have to see the image in full motion to judge the complete context and impact of anything you see in a single frame grab . There 's also the problem of potential alterations or artifacts that result from the frame-grabbing process itself , not to mention any changes resulting from image compression/editing software used by the poster - no matter how well intentioned - to present the frame-grab online . Finally , I 've seen enough deliberately Photoshop doctored frame-grabs posted in discussion forums in my day that I just do n't trust them . Ultimately , the only real way to judge these things properly is with your own eyes , first-hand , in context , in full motion , presented on proper equipment . Period.That being the case , an exhaustive search of retailers and rentailers in my area turned up a `` mom and pop '' rental shop nearby that had both Blu-ray titles available for rent prior to street date . I was able to pick up the discs this morning , and I 've since gone through the transfers in some detail . I 'm not going to talk about the extras - I 'll do that in more detail next week , and I can tell you with confidence that the extras on both discs are absolutely first-rate . No complaints there whatsoever . As for the A/V quality , however , here 's my two cents ... Upon first glance , and as expected , the HD presentation quality of Gladiator is n't as bad as some online would have you believe . Color and contrast is fine at all times . The problem is with the level of detail . The vast majority of the film has a slightly digital-looking quality to it , and there 's clear edge-enhancement `` haloing '' visible . The extended edition scenes , however , look fine - no halos , no digital patina - they 're very natural looking . If the whole film looked like the extended scenes , we would n't be having this conversation . What it looks like to me , is that someone at Universal -LRB- keep in mind , it 's Universal that controls the Gladiator assets for DreamWorks - not Paramount -RRB- , decided to re-use the original digital master of the HD transfer done back in 2000 for the very first DVD release . Now , that transfer was state of the art for its day , and it was approved by director Ridley Scott , but obviously it 's a far cry from the quality of new HD transfers done today , in 2009 . One of the biggest problems is that until fairly recently , video mastering engineers were still applying edge-enhancement to their digital masters knowing that they were going to be used ultimately for standard-definition DVD release , and also analog VHS and laserdisc . It took the mastering community a long time to break the habit . In this Gladiator transfer , you can see it in the image . It 's also clear that the 2000 digital master has been digitally-filtered to reduce the haloing and other artifacts - the signs of DNR are not hard to miss . That 's in contrast to the extended edition scenes , which were transferred in HD in 2005 and so look much better . They 're still not quite up to today 's standards , but they look far superior to the rest of the film and there 's no edge-enhancement or obvious filtering visible . The footage simply looks natural - as it should . There 's been some talk of DNR being so excessive that - for example - arrows and fireballs disappear from one frame to the next . This IS an issue , but the fact is that when you watch the image in full motion it 's not something you really notice . The arrow or fireball is highly visible in one frame , less so in the next , more so in the third , etc. . You still detect the object in motion , so you do n't go , `` Oh my god , that fireball just disappeared ! '' The image just looks generally digital and lacking in fine detail . Overall , I would grade the A/V quality of the Gladiator Blu-ray thusly : GladiatorVideo
 It is strange that Ridley Scott 's `` Gladiator '' is the one film he has directed that was honored with the Academy Award for Best Picture . It is strange because of all the films he has made , `` Gladiator '' is easily one of his more mediocre efforts . Hopefully , future film-historians will not consider this the apex of his noteworthy career.A general named Maximus -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- is a favorite of dying emperor Marcus Aurelius -LRB- Richard Harris -RRB- . After he spectacularly triumphs in a vital military campaign , Marcus names him protector of Rome . But the general is betrayed and left for dead by Marcus ' son , Commodus -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- , after he learns his father has decided to not bestow upon him the mantle of leadership . Maximus , however , manages to escape his executioners and winds up becoming a gladiator in North Africa . Under the mentorship of Proximo -LRB- Oliver Reed -RRB- , Maximus fights his way up the competitive ranks and becomes a beloved figure among the public . His celebrity soon brings him into contact with Commodus and gives the wronged warrior an opportunity for revenge . `` Gladiator '' is a mixed bag from start to finish . Every positive to the film is muted by a negative . The action sequence that opens the film is good but the gladiatorial battles that follow are average . The special effects work done with Oliver Reed 's stand-in is impressive but the special effects work done with the computer-generated tiger is horrible . Even the acting is uneven . Crowe , Harris , and Reed are fine but Phoenix and Connie Nielsen turn in weaker efforts . Well , a lot of directors usually produce at least one less-than-inspired work sometime in their career and `` Gladiator '' is clearly Scott 's creative hiccup . Do yourself a favor and check out his more noteworthy works like `` Alien '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , `` Thelma and Louise '' -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , and `` Black Hawk Down '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- to gain a better appreciation for the man 's talents .
 Okay , no . This is not the `` greatest movie ever made '' , nor is it anywhere up there with a `` movie of the year ! '' This was an average movie plagued with clich&eacute;s and themes already covered by better films.I loved the first battle scene . It was beautiful , despite the death and destruction taking place . However , once that scene is over , the movie takes a steady nose-dive through the rest of the film . From the death of his wife , the gladiator imprisonment and `` Spartacus-esque '' training sequences , the villains idiotic decision that taking on the most successful gladiator in Rome could be a good idea -LRB- not to mention he 's got the jones for his sister -RRB- , right down to the `` I 've seen that so many times before ! '' ending , there was n't really an original idea in the whole picture . Top that off with what literally looks like dirt and dust the director forgot to wash off the film reel , and you get a ho-hum movie that 's probably only worth watching for the fight scenes .
 I still remember watching Gladiator in the movie theater almost a decade ago . It was excellent , my friends and I talked about the movie nonstop . I even brought my girlfriend at the time to see it , and we talked about it nonstop . It is rare for this type of movie to be embraced by females , maybe it was Russell Crowe ? Who knows , regardless this movie was a masterpiece . Absolutely perfect from start to finish . I purchased the DVD the day of its release ages ago and am contemplating purchasing a Blue Ray player and this would defiantly be one of the first movies I purchase.Well , my brother happens to be a big fan of this movie as well and has a Blue Ray player . So he invited me over so we can catch up and watch this movie on Blue Ray . I could not tell that this was on Blue Ray . In fact , I thought it was even worse than the DVD I have at home . The extended parts that were included were pretty cool , but I was definitely expecting more from Blue Ray . My brother threw in another movie afterwards to ensure me that it was just the movie , and not Blue Ray in general , and I was blown away by the quality of Sin City on Blue Ray . So I still will give in to the Blue Ray , but not this movie.Here I am checking out what other people think of Gladiator in Blue Ray and it looks like everyone is in agreement that it was created rather poorly . Can this be redone ? I would definitely purchase this movie , but I already have it on DVD , so work that Blue Ray Magic !
 I do n't have to say it , since everyone knows , but just wanted to add my thoughts to this release . Paramount needs to give those of us who purchased this a free trade-in for the re-release that 's supposedly coming out that fixes this quality control problem . On cable and satellite , the broadcast version is actually the way it 's supposed to look , it 's true 1080p as opposed to this upscaled DVD-looking mess . I 'm sorry for all of us , and very disappointed . :-LRB- Get with the program , Paramount !
 This Review is for the Blu-Ray Quality Transfer
 Yep , I bit the bullet and bought this blu ray even after reading the reviews , knowing full well it would be bad . Why ? Because amazon had it on sale for $ 10 dollars , AND the Blu ray comes with a coupon so that if you own the original DVD release , you get $ 10 dollars back -LRB- so basically I got it for free , so why not ? -RRB- . The transfer is absolutely atrocious . Yes , people who do n't know any better wo n't notice it , but if you have a system properly calibrated and have seen a better transfer , the comparisons are ridiculous . It is impossible to watch this blu ray and not be distracted by the lack of resolution and all the haloes around every single strand of hair , every spear , every building . Why call this a `` Sapphire '' series ? Let 's hope Joe six pack -LRB- most of those who think this looks acceptable -RRB- buys as many copies as possible to watch between Nascar races , so a better version can be released ASAP . Even free this is not worth it .
 Finally getting around to this one ... Just because * Gladiator * was rewarded by the Academy for taking a gigantic risk with a lot of money -- i.e. , reviving the long-dead genre of the sword-and-sandal epic -- and then succeeding at the box office DOES N'T mean that it 's a good movie . In fact , it 's a lousy movie that gets nothing right . I 'm not referring to the veracity of its history
 Boring plot is more akin to watching WWF wrestling than a `` masterpiece . '' Boring characters , crappy special effects , ugly atmosphere , and pretentious acting do n't make a great movie . Why is this movie receiving so much praise ? I have no idea .
 Awful movie ! Why did it win best picture ? Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon was definitey robbed of the Oscar !
 I just switched off the dvd , after rolling my eyes , huffing and puffing , and about ready to throw an ashtray at the tv -- but wait I ca n't afford to replace my tv -LRB- or the ashray -RRB- so let me rant a little.First I clicked on the `` lowest ratings '' of all the other reviewers out there , and I found -LRB- with a few exceptions -RRB- they all saw the same thing I was seeing
 Dont buy this garbage . The plot is wire thin , the acting is sub par at it 's best moments , the directing is shoddy and the action scenes give the film gore , not merit . very very stupid . the fact that this was even nominated for academy awards makes me extremely angry , and the fact that this thing won awards , and Almost Famous , the true movie of 2001 , which had acting and a plot , is n't even nominated INFURIATES me .
 This is , without doubt , one of the worst films I 've seen in a loooooooooooong time . A sad reminder that even the best directors can have an off-day - and another , and another , and ... The action opens with a battle scene , filmed in the woods near Farnham in Surrey , England , which is so wrapped in gloom and haze that it tells us precisely nothing other than that the Romans had a more advanced armoury than their Germanic foe.Anyway , lots of noise and fire - looks like a good old-fashioned epic , right?Wrong!To cut a long story short , there 's a really hunky good guy - whose main problem is that he ca n't speak clearly , so most of the time we do n't know what on earth he 's talking about . But I suspect this does n't really matter , because even when he does stop mumbling he never says much of any interest anyway.Then there 's a bad guy , and he 's a patricidal creep of the first water who , amongst other things , has the good guy 's family killed - so you ca n't wait for him to get what 's coming to him . Only you do have to wait - for ages , and ages.Oh yes , there 's also a heroine - but this is a real `` mano a mano '' - type film , so she never gets to be anything more than incidental set dressing.Now , you 're never going to guess how it all turns out.The good guy kills the bad guy . But the good guy dies as well , so he can rejoin his family in the great bye and bye . Then the film ends.Bet that surprised you , did n't it!Actually there is one highlight in the film - Oliver Reed , proving what a very talented actor he was when in the right mood.Even so , that Ridley Scott felt it worthwhile to drag this pretentious drivel out to nearly two and a half hours simply beggars belief.Tip 1
 This product did not mention that it does not work in some regions.I did not think that there may be PAL / NTSC blu-ray versions and this one appears to be NTSC . . I will be searching for a regional fix to this . .
 I do n't know what all the hooplah is with Gladiator . The fight scenes ? COuld n't have been the fight scenes , the camera was shaky , much of the deaths were off screen , and , did I mention , the camera was shaky?The story ? Umm , seems to me just like your typical revenge type story strung together with the Gladiator battles to keep your attention along with some incest.Ah , the lovely scenery . Nope , just bland dark muddy colours here . They do n't reflect the theme much either , even good events take place in front of hideous backdrops.Maybe , Russel Crowe 's acting . Some of his lines are compelling , while others are bleak , empty and hollow.I nearly fell asleep between action scenes , which ultimately diminished into hand to hand battle . I did n't care how the movie ended , all I cared about was when . I yearned for another battle like the chariot one , but it never came . I yearned to see an umpredictable ending , but did n't . This movie failed to deliver in almost every category.But it did have an ample amount of gore ... is that why people liked it ? Blood may keep some people held , and blind them from a boring story and 1 dimensional characters , but not me .
 Five stars , five stars , five stars ... yeah , yeah , sure . GLADIATOR is as over-rated a movie as was released this year . While it 's no BLAIR WITCH PROJECT in that respect , it still gets an insane amount of praise for so ordinary an effort.Yes , Russell Crowe is magnetic -LRB- and I guess if you 're inclined in that direction , sexy and hunky -RRB- and Ridley Scott can still pull off his usual hat tricks -LRB- he remains the best director making bad films in the business -RRB- but really , this is a hollow effort.But , yes , the gladiatorial scenes are a sight to behold . No doubt about it , Scott is a visual master and the combat scenes are intense and rousing . If only the rest of the film were as vital and entertaining . It 's not just that we 've seen it all before a million times , it 's that it is so so ordinary about the whole thing . The critics grousing about PHANTOM MENACE should have been doing double duty here and I bet they were n't . So , for sure , if you have n't seen GLADIATOR yet , rent it , but buy it only if you , for some silly reason , really love it.If you are looking for some great action scenes and rousing conflict on the field of battle , this is a place to look . But , if you also want to see a great film to go along with it , I think you need to look elswhere.Thanks for your time people .
 You see less of Gianina Facio in this DVD than in theatre . Railly Scott selfishly deleted his girlfriend 's scenes . The horribly murdered wife and son were an ever-lasting wound in the Roman general 's mind . Now Facio 's scenes were cut , you can hardly see the drives in Maximus ' revenge .
 I am astounded by the rave reviews I read of this film . I am flabbergasted that it has been nominated for the Best Picture Oscar . My only explanation is that people who like this movie have never seen one before - yes I mean have never seen any other moving picture or television . Cliche after cliche - horrible acting - every scene stolen from another film or 19th century painting - every storyline stolen from every salacious thing you ever read about Roman History . A travesty . I can not say enough bad things about this movie .
 My son was bored in his history class , so I told him to toss aside those stupid books and watch GLADIATOR with us instead ! This movie looked so authentic that I had to assume it is historically accurate , and told little Steven not to bother studying anything other than this film for his test on the Romans , or whatever . Much to my surprise , my poor Steven received a D - ! I think it is irresponsible for the film industry to tout this film as a complete and accurate history of Rome when , in fact , it may be incomplete . Before you buy this to help you son get out of reading those silly books for history class , look into whether it is historically accurate or not . I have not read much about the Romans . I do not like to read much of anything for that matter , but it sure seemed o.k. to me ...
 Ugh . I consider this movie a total waste of time for anyone who has been to see more than 10 movies in their lifetime . That 's because anyone who might have , has seen every lame trick in this movie used again and again . I do n't know where to begin as the list would be too long.I liked Russell in LA Confidential and that 's about it . The mere thought of him having a Best Actor trophy makes me shudder.I mean , come on-all he had to do to prepare for this role was cut out 5 hours of sleep every night . His routine with the scowling and talking raspy got so old after the first half-hour , I still ask myself why I did n't leave the theatre at any point thereafter . My bad.I will give the movie credit for the few fightscenes that came across as very brutal and somewhat epic , but these moments are basically few and far between . Sets are pretty much flawless and the costumes are well done , both of which create total believability in the environments . Ok , enough with the compliments.Overall , I feel Im being generous giving Gladiator 2 stars , but had it not been for the re-re-re-re-hashed plot , the look and style of the film could have made it the classic so many seem to think this is . Avoid this fesces .
 i love this movie more than love itself . it is one of the most amazing movies ever made period . BUT the quality of this blu ray is garbage . wait until the re-release or just get the DVD ... to bad it looks so awful ... great movie
 * Gladiator -LRB- R -RRB- - Ridley Scott is a favourite director of mine and I waited anxiously for this . While I was never bored during the films lengthy running time -LRB- even when so much of the time is spent fawning over unimpressive CGI shots of the Coliseum -RRB- , I was absolutely enraged that the film is basically a remake of The Fall of the Roman Empire and the screenwriter 's of that far superior film are not even acknowledged . If you want a roman epic , rent Ben Hur , Spartacus , The Robe , Fall of the ... or countless others . Joaquin Phoenix was brilliant .
 The film shows Imperial Rome winning a battle in the Black Forest . But was n't that one of the few battle Rome lost ? Rome 's economy was based on slavery ; they had to continually conquer new lands to replenish the cheap labor needed for their plantations , owned by the rich and politically connected ruling class . Sort of like today 's corporations , except now the conquest of foreign lands means there is no need to import cheap labor ; they send the factories there.After the battle we see some high level intrigue among the leaders . The speech of a tired old Caesar -LRB- `` End the corruption , Restore the Republic '' -RRB- suggests the leader is senile . Handing power to a popular military leader is the antithesis of a republic ! And so the stage is set for personal conflict , a simplified way to explain economic and political conflict.The General rejects the new Emperor 's hand , and is rejected in turn . He escapes execution , his family does not . Somehow he winds up in North Africa -LRB- ? -RRB- without crossing the sea . -LRB- Does his travails remind you of ` Yojimbo ' ? -RRB- Then the gladiator scenes follow - to remind you of professional sports ? He is told that popularity makes the star , not statistics!The special effects recreate ancient cities , but the lack of movement in the backgrounds tell . Do some of the scenes remind you of ` Star Wars '' ? Or some of those costume imports from forty-plus years ago ? Like many other films , the action picks up when the story line lags . Do rulers still use circuses to entertain and distract the masses from their problems ? Only in other countries.Caesar and Maximus both expire , but they do n't say what their replacements do . This seems like the sickest movie since ` Silence of the Lambs ' , and appears to have done as well at the box office . Does this movie have any redeeming social values ?
 This has to be one of the very worst films to acquire an Oscar for Best Picture . I have n't seen many of the other contenders in that class -- I hear `` The Greatest Show on Earth '' is worth avoiding even more -- but this must have been a quirk of how the voting split that year . I figure the Politically Active types split between `` Brockovich '' and `` Traffic , '' the Art for Art 's Sake vote went to `` Chocolat , '' leaving a bare plurality voting for this over `` Crouching Tiger ... '' because it was n't subtitled . Or subtext 'd . My first exposure to this was on video , so perhaps I missed something that 's more evident on the big screen . I ca n't imagine what it would be , though . The battle scenes are impressive in a testostorone-charged way , I guess . The Colosseum is very lifelike , and so is Mr. Crowe . I almost believed that he wanted his warriors to `` Unleash hell . '' -LRB- And yes , I recognized that he was a soldier by duty , not desire , and therefore not a kill-em-all type . -RRB- He fought well enough in the gladiator scenes , which I suppose is the point ... That 's as well as I can do for compliments on this . The setup is obvious , the payoff is transparent -- I stopped watching halfway through and I was able to guess 90 % of What Happens Next . I did n't care how Maximus plotted his revenge , if Commodus was served with appropriate justice or ... or pretty much anything else . Nobody is interesting enough to be likable . Commodus is almost creepy enough to be disliked , and that 's as much of an impression as anything in the film made on me.Just do n't bother . If you want a revenge-fueled battle-focused period piece , see The Patriot instead . ... Two stars , because I do n't care enough to give it one .
 This movie did n't do anything for me . I thought the acting was ` wooden ' and the plot simplistic . I do enjoy action movies , but this one did n't fit into that category imho . I did like a few of the fight scenes , but they were n't enought to win me over .
 This movie has many inaccuracies -LRB- see
 All the awards this film garnered did n't quite make sense to me after viewing `` Gladiator '' on DVD on a recent overseas flight . The evil is banal , the hero is too stoic , and the special effects overwhelm the plot . Although Scott spent lots of money on exotic locations and spectacular stunts , a deft screenwriter would have been a welcome addition .
 This movie is so over-sharpened it 's painful to watch . I 've had to tone-down sharpness on my 60 '' 1080p Plasma all the way down in order to make this movie somewhat presentable . Whoever at the studio decided to run these sorts of filters for the Blu-Ray transfer should be looking for another job .
 I know I 'm not gon na find anyone to agree with me when I say I did n't like this movie . It was just too ... formulaic.The villain was the same type of villain we 've seen in all the movies -- dirty , rotten , stupid , yada yada . Then there 's the female role who 's all nice and we all have to like her . Then there 's the kid who 's just annoying.The only good thing is Russell Crowe , the special effects , and stunning overall look of this movie . I hated the cheesy moments -- the dream sequences did n't work . I do n't know why anyone would cry at this movie . You have to be a real softie to.Great-looking , but nothing new in the story .
 This Extended Edition is getting 2 stars for the following reasons ; cool box , new stuff . However , it fails on the one fact that it is NOT in DTS !!!! The Signature DVD was DTS which came out about 3/4 years ago , why on earth would they re-release Gladiator -LRB- for the 4th time -RRB- without including the DTS soundtrack . My advice would be to but the signature series if your gon na buy Gladiator , unless you dont want the amazing sound to go with your cool movie.PS . I cant stand when movies are re-released over and over again -LRB- Donnie Darko , Army of Darkness , Mallrats , Gladiator ... -RRB- Will ther ever be a ` final edition ' ?
 Seriously , either make the Blu-Ray copy the best transfer available or do n't bother . We already have the DVD version , so it 's not a rush to meet a street date . This movie has been around for a while now - the only reason fans are rushing out to buy it on Blu-Ray is because they love the film and they want the best quality version of it - duh !!!! To release a lame transfer of THIS film is inexcusable ! I returned my copy on principle alone and will wait for the the correct release -LRB- anyone remember Fifth Element -RRB- .
 This is a perfect example of how Hollywood politics often influence the Academy Awards . Because despite the enormous marketing muscle behind it , this film is essentially a B movie with grade A special effects . The acting is okay and the story is alright . But come on . This has to be the longest film ever made that contains no character development whatsoever . In a nutshell , after spending gobs of money producing it , the studio executives commanded that this movie win the big award . And `` the people '' obeyed .
 I believe this is one of the top 10 over-hyped films in recent years -- enough hype to garnish a Best Picture from the self-lauding Acedamy . In all of the two hours of so-called `` honor '' `` courage '' and `` loyalty , '' all I seem to get is bad acting , a contrived story , and fast-moving scenes . It reminds me of eating a large vat of buttered popcorn , a big box of jujubees washed down with a 64 oz . soda -- fills you up , but no nutrition .
 Gladiator is far , far less entertaining than the big sword 'n' sandal epics from the fifties and sixties . Russel Crowe 's Maximus could have been far more imposing as a character than he is now -LRB- he spends most of the film as a brooding wimp -RRB- . Joaquin Phoenix 's Commodus is a weak , immature villain who never really poses a major threat to the hero . The story is full of illogical events , the CGI recreation of Rome is dodgy , and the historical context ... well , the less said the better . And the fight scenes are shot and edited in such a way that they hurt the spectator 's eyes AND it is nigh impossible to make out what is going on -LRB- with the exception of the final duel , where the freneticism makes place for more traditional camerawork ; unfortunately , it is n't a very suspenseful or exciting one -RRB- . I 'm probably giving this movie one star less than it deserves , but nevertheless I was very , very disappointed . Anthony Mann 's Fall Of THe Roman Empire was n't perfect , but it treated the same historical subject matter in a much better way than this .
 I recently purchased a DVD Player , and choose Gladiator as my first DVD movie purchase . I will be the first to admit I did not understand the technical factors involving aspect ratios and their final effect on the viewing size of the movie on my television . I currently own a 35 inch 4/3 aspect ratio television , and I expected to see a full screen version when viewing this movie . Instead , I was presented with a `` ribbon '' of a picture , barely 13 inchs high , on a screen capable of showing nearly 29 inchs of vertical picture . I owe my thanks to anamorphic widescreen 2.35 to 1 technology . I did not enjoy the movie , due primarily to eye strain trying to watch it . What is the purpose of having a 35 inch TV if you are forced to watch a `` ribbon '' of a movie on it with no options for a different format , such as `` letterbox '' at 1.77 to 1 or even full screen at 1.33 to 1 . If this is a veiled attempt to move me to the purchase of a new widescreen HDTV , it is a failed attempt . According to my calculations , a widescreen TV with a 16/9 aspect ratio would still not format Gladiator at full screen , thanks to the 2.35 to 1 aspect ratio of the DVD . I do not intend to purchase any additional DVD 's that provide only the 2.35 to 1 ratio . Thanks to anamorphic widescreen 2.35 to 1 technology , I will continue to watch my movies in VHS format .
 I tried watching this on TV . I could not say which edition but the tonal background music was in a pitch that was giving me a headache . It tended to overlay the dialog , which in some cases seemed to come out like a mumble . I could have done without Hollywood 's idea of background music . It is really not necessary to have tonal music running through an entire motion picture . OK if you are not bothered by the pitch of the music . Otherwise forget it . I turned it off part way through and switched to something else .
 I have n't seen this movie yet because I wanted buy it and watch it . Am I the only person out there that doe n't like the WIDESCREEN format ? You can get the standard format on VHS and on some DVD 's . If you check all the new releases , they only come in Widescreen . Why is that ?
 personally i think it 's boring . but i gave it 2 stars anywayzzz . cuz some parts of it was actually pretty awesome . but i was just kinda half asleep when i was watchin ' it .
 Am I the only one who found this movie to be VERY slow and much too long ? People talk about `` Gladiator '' like it 's some slam bang action picture . The trailer sure made it look like one , yet everything in the trailer came from the last third of the film . Every scene in the first half of the movie is so protracted I had to stop myself from yelling , `` GET HIM IN THE COLISEUM ALREADY ! '' The film is well structured and a good story but there 's not enough meat on this bone for a film well over two hours . And so it feels s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d with pretty visuals , pretension and unnecessary talk-talk-talk . If we could get a 90 minute cut of this on the DVD set , I 'd buy and treasure it . Until then , I 'll keep watching `` Braveheart . ''
 Has anyone noticed the audio is only DTSnot DTS HD MA as one was led to believe.This blu ray audio is worse than both theoriginal 5.1 and the subsequent 6.1 from thelater release .
 I ca n't say that I hated this movie . It just did n't particularly engage me . It is a movie that ca n't decide what it wants to be ... is it your typical summer action flick , with lots of blood and gore and special effects , or is it a political thriller , full of scheming , machinations , treachery and betrayal ? This movie tries to have it both ways , without success , the result being that it is supremely boring much of the time.It is pretty obvious early on , after a nice big battle scene to open things up , that we have a tried-and-true story of revenge underway . The unbelievably heroic Maximus is betrayed and his family slaughtered by the evil emperor , blah blah blah ... it is obvious that a showdown is brewing.So why do n't we get to the showdown already ? Instead , we get blah blah blah ... Marcus Aurelius blathers a bunch of gobbledy-gook and nonsense to Maximus about restoring the Republic -LRB- oh sure ! -RRB- ... blah blah blah ... we find out that Commodus is evil and corrupt , but all he really ever wanted was his father 's love and approval , blah blah blah ... the emperor 's sister has had the hots for Maximus all of this time , blah blah blah ... the senators are frustrated with the emperor 's indifference to administrative affairs , blah blah blah ... oh god just make it stop . None of this blah blah blah-ing is of any real substance , so you just sit through it , waiting for the next gory fight scene.I enjoy movies that have plenty of dialogue , and some of my favorite movies have not a whit of violence in them . But the massive amounts of dialogue in this movie do nothing to propel the plot forward . It only bogs the movie down . Trying to make the characters multi-dimensional in what is , in essence , a live-action comic book , in fact makes the characters only look all that much more ridiculous . Do n't try to make Commodus look `` sympathetic '' by portraying the conflicted nature of his relationship with his daddy ... who cares ?!? He is merely a plot device , like so many Shakespearian villains . He does not need to have his motives explained . So do n't explain them , again and again.Even the fight scenes left something to be desired . Why not just stick a bunch of cardboard figures in the stand and a stuffed tiger in the arena ? The technology certainly exists for making better special effects than this , for crying out loud.When my wife brought the video home a second time I popped it in and started to watch it . Without realizing it at first , I fast-forwarded through one combat scene to the next . Ultimately , I realized that this is truly the proper way to watch this movie . It should take you only about 35 minutes this way . How efficient!Never mind the appalling liberties that the movie took with historical fact ; I think we all have come to realize that no movie is going to be particularly faithful to the historical record , especially where Rome is concerned . With movies like this , the viewer is not looking for a history lesson -LRB- I hope -RRB- , but it would be nice to have some decent pacing so that we do n't die of boredom between the fight scenes .
 Knowing that the movie would be -LRB- basically -RRB- historically inaccurate , I went expecting to like it anyway . However , despite some excellent performances , the movie is too long and does n't really realize it 's potential . My biggest complaint was the very obvious transitions between live action and computer animation - something that should n't occur with the techniques available today . Russell Crowe 's performance is the saving grace of the movie , but I ca n't recommend it to anyone interested in historical fact or riveting drama .
 This movie was so bad . I thought I would puck . Nothing signifigant about ancient Rome was said just -LSB- junk -RSB- . If they had this technology I say that the really ancient Romans would have made it . It was perverted and pro slavery . Want a good movie pick up Aspartigus or other classic Roman films . This is terrible .
 Thin on dialogue and plot . OK for fans of action movies , which I 'm not . Cecil B. DeMille did this kind of thing more colorfully .
 A predictable `` ride '' as maximus , the big strong , chisel-jawed hero , climbs his way up the ladder of opposition and difficulty , defeats his enemy , and gets to see his wife , in slow-motion , to some cheesy music . The universally evil and reprehensible Emperor sure made a good villain . No reason to sympathise for him at all . The best scenes , in my opinion , were such simply because of the difficulty of the production . For example , the battle bewteen Germanic tribes and Roman Legionnaires . Amazing battle . The scene amazed me , simply because i have not witnessed anything of that nature.If hollywood ca n't make something original , or believable , then it should n't make anything at all . there are plenty of fine films that have already been made.Good set design and costume dose n't make a good movie . Case in point
 It 's very boring.All other movies nominated in the Academy Award for the Best Picture are better than this one .
 I first saw this movie in the theatres against my own will because I had heard it was so bad . Two and a half hours later the bad things that I had heard about the movie were confirmed , so I dismissed it as just another Waterworld-like Hollywood flop . But several months later I saw it get nominated for and win the major golden globe . Whatever , the Golden Globes are stupid . Then it beat Traffic at the oscars also . I was wondering if i had seen the same film as everyone else . So I took another look at it , and its flaws were more present than ever . It was just too standard a film . Nothing special about it . There was the typical plot of the protagonist losing everything unfairly and then having to get it all back himself using whatever means necessary . The visuals were very good , but that 's about it . Russel Crowe won the Oscar , and it made up for his loss in the previous year , but this was in such a bad film that he won . The golden age of Roman Movies is long gone . We had n't had one in so long I guess everybody wanted it so bad to suceed and be a good movie . And everybody thought it was a good movie . With the exception of the realists who judge a movie based on its content , not its idea . Because you can have the best idea in the world for a movie , but it 's all in the execution .
 Why use the names of real people if you are not going to follow real hisorical data ? This movie is mostly fiction , it would have not hurt the story to stop pretending that it was non-fiction . Movies like this just confuse the `` popular '' uneducated public . I did appreciate some of the references though , for example when some ideals from `` Meditations '' were talked about before the emperor was murdered .
 As other reviewers explain technically , the picture quality on this release is horrendous for bluray . Do not buy .
 I am too annoyed to bother describing just how bad this disc is . The other one star raters hit the mark perfectly . Hopefully , few people will buy it after reading the reviews and the company will be forced to release a proper Blu-Ray transfer soon . I love this movie and have been waiting since I got a Blu-Ray player for it to be released . They should be ashamed to accept money for this disaster . What an insult .
 First , let me say I love this movie , and was looking forward to see the extended edition on DVD . What a disappointment this re-edited version of the film has been ! While the new packaging and the extra documentary features are OK , this new edition does n't really add anything of interest . Let me list some of the problems I found with the Extended Edition : - First of all , no DTS soundtrack , which detracts a lot of value from any updated version of the film . The DTS track in the original DVD release was extraordinary , and it 's difficult to understand why it is missing in this special edition . - The new Dolby Digital mix included in this Extended Edition is problematic . The middle/center channel seems much lower than the rest , so the conversations are barely audible at times , yet fights and action scenes are very loud . None of these problems existed in the original DVD release
 After I read the reviews I was expecting action and tons of it or a little gore . Now im not going to lie there are some great parts but very few . In my opinion this movie was just basically boring but if you like long droning conversations and drama where it should n't be then this is a must see !
 I ca n't decide if this is more of a rip-off of SPARTACUS or BRAVEHEART.With all the hoopla made over this film I was VERY DISAPPOINTED . The acting is one dimensional , the story is not original -LRB- but drawn out and plain boring -RRB- and when you watch this film see if you really care about Crowes character . The answer will be NO.I gave it 2 stars because it was mildly entertaining . However NOT oscarworthy !!! Do yourself a favor . For the real story see SPARTACUS instead . Or if you want some real acting look for Paul Newman .
 Really , I do n't understand its appeal . Its plot is moronic
 Hyped up too much and is extremely boring , but i have to admit the fighting are pretty cool but not enough to buy it ... . maybe rent
 `` Gladiator '' the much hyped , Oscar nominated flick was ninety five percent lame in this reviewer 's opinion . This seemingly endless film gets two stars only for the presence of the late great Oliver Reed -LRB- who has played much better roles -RRB- , and decent costumes and fighting sequences.Gladiator tries to be a Ben-Hur or a Spartacus but instead succeeds in being only boring and laughable.Comodorus 's character was particularly inane , and it is impossible to believe that all those soldiers could n't bring down Maximus-great soldier or not.The film 's plot , if you can call it that , is totally uninvolving . I found myself completely uninterested in the plight of Maximus , and the killing of Maximus 's son and wife was just predictable and lame.I kept checking my watch to see how many more interminable minutes were left . Avoid at all costs , if entertainment is your aim . If you enjoy plotless films with lots of fighting and strange incest subplots by all means pick it up .
 Why pay money for a poor transfer ? Wait until the re-release ! This sort of studio avarice is akin to that of the distributors of Lord of the Rings , who will release a Blu-ray in the shorter thetrical version in April , only to snatch more of your money by releasing the longer definitive version within the next 12 months thereafter .
 instead of taking their time and doing the job right . . . they did a quick rush job to get it on shelves ... i was looking for the whole super fly home theatre experience , and this just bombed .
 For the Gladiator Blu-Ray Sapphire Series - got this unknowingly at the store , thinking it would be a vast improvement over my regular DVD and what a HUGE disappointment it was ! I 'm getting rid of it immediately - smudging was unbelieveably bad and quality overall was terrible . I ca n't believe anyone would release this as is and think it was a good idea . Thankfully I got on sale , wish I had checked though beforehand . Anyone who loves this movie definitely should stick with their regular DVD format until a better blu-ray comes along . Totally disgusted with this version !
 this comes from an action fan , and this aint no action film i was expecting something to keep me excited and on the edge of my seat . no way . there are like 4 fighting scences , and admitedlly these are very good but that does not lift the whole film , the dialogue in between these fight scences is laughable , i went to sleep 4 times in the cinema . now some people might like borin `` chat '' but i dont if a film is goin be based on the talking it should at least be well written like shawshank redemtion but this is borin i repeat borin borin borin . i know a lot of people will disagree with this but then maybe they werent expecting an action fest like it billed . so if u like boring chatter -LRB- a lot of -RRB- and a fighting -LRB- not much of -RRB- then buy this but i personally would not buy it . the end of my rant : -RRB-
 Just to let everyone know the pre-order fans get ripped off by amazon . I still have not received my order and wont until the 10th . Walmart has it cheaper than what I ended up getting it for on this crappy website and I could have had it on the 1st . Me and amazon had a good relationship for a while . Thats all over with , NEVER AGAIN AMAZON !!!! YOU SUCK
 I was very disappointed in this film from Scott . I have liked most of his films . I did n't think the action scenes were that impressive . The first battle , you could n't see what was going on in it . Russell Crowe 's character was never really challenged throughout the film . I did think Crowe did a good job in the film . It was to expected after standout performances in LA Confidential and The Insider . The story just did not draw me in . Everything looked too easy for Crowe 's character -LRB- I know I am repeating myself here -RRB- . It is just disheartening when a good director and a good actor get together and they make a mediocre film . A similar film is Braveheart . Braveheart is a much better film than this . That film thrust you into the battle scenes and made you care about William Wallace . That film had heart , while this film seemed cold and distant . I am sure Scott and Crowe will bounce back with their next projects .
 Ordered this item before Christmas with enough time to ship . Got a notice it would ship after Christmas . Never got the item .
 I am amazed by the number of people who seem to think that Gladiator is a great movie . I was extremely disappointed . Is everyone blind to the plot ? It is so simple-minded and crude . I have seen better cartoons . Certainly , a couple of action-sequences are interesting -- but is that all you expect from a movie ? And the ending is corny . And now some people are actually hopeful that this movie will get an Oscar for Best Picture . How sickening ! But then these are the same people who gave Titanic two dozen Oscars . I say do n't waste your time or money
 Have not been able to watch it as the picture and noise -LRB- not movie noise -RRB- is so bad . Sorry
 You could get the same effect of watching this movie by playing Enya at full volume all the while stabbing your leg with a fork . This movie falls way short of Braveheart by focusing too much on wooing the audience with digital effects . The soundtrack mimics Titanic by pulling at the heartstrings with cheesy vocal sonets that overlap every interesting part in the movie . It does n't get anymore melodramatic than Gladiator .
 The effects maybe great but I could n't stand watching all that voilence . I know it 's a true story but they could have avoided showing all those heads coming off . It 's a waste of time to watch this movie.If it was bad for Rome to have it 's people enjoy those gladiators killing each other , it is equally bad for movies if one enjoys watching all that violence .
 A delightful , care free romp through olden times . I laughed out loud several times . Definetly one for the whole family . A must see comedy ! F
 This movie was completely boring all the way through until the big fight scene -LRB- which is the only reason this gets two stars -RRB- .
 '' First principles , Clarice . Read Marcus Aurelius . Of each particular thing ask
 A sluggish , lumbering , behemoth of a film that proves lavish sets and period costumes do not an epic make . Russell Crowe is alarmingly uninspiring as the wronged Roman general , Maximus . Only Joaquin Phoenix shines light on an otherwise drab film as the ... confused , dysfunctional Commodus .
 With Ridley Scott 's name attached to a gladiator movie , I expected something good . Unfortunately , that is not the case . I hated the dog jumping through fire . I hated the musical score blatantly ripping off Gustav Holst ' `` The Planets '' . I hated the little boy who looked like pre-adolescent Adrian Lyne . I hated totally the UNCONVINCING cgi effects . I hated that the tigers did n't EAT any of the stadium combatants . I hated the completely miscast Joaquin Phoenix . I hate that the trailer featuring Kid Rock 's `` Bawitdaba '' was n't included on this dvd .
 Paramount is now releasing only on HD DVD , therefore this release will never be available . Get the HD DVD Version if you wa n't Gladiator in High Definition .
 This movie was lots of fun . The story was so gritty and affecting . I remember after watching it for the first time , I made my own sword from scrap wood & laid into some mailboxes and windshields . Ancient Rome burned in my heart . GLADIATOR charges the blood with electricity . The characters are so compelling , deep and human . The villain , played to perfection by Joaquin Phoenix , was pure brilliance . Russell Crowe dips his hand into the gritty Earth and produces a hero of uncommon , brutal honesty . The lions , the vicious cheers of a blood-thirsty crowd ... I give this movie exactly ONE STAR . The story , even for an epic , was compelling for a grand total of five minutes . The plot blunders predictably along , creating little or no emotional momentum & absolutely no sense of adventure . Kids in a sandbox could contrive a better story than this piece of garbage . About an hour into this vacuum , I just wanted Russell Crowe to kill Commodus so I could get back to my life.Joaquin Phoenix `` vexed '' me with his paper thin performance as the twisted , impotent usurper . Perhaps Phoenix ca n't be blamed for the job he turned in ? They gave him such a narrow , cardboard role to play - a weak foil to the driven , fertile , masculine Maximus . There was no descent into madness ; something vaguely human that would have at least given some dimension to this silly story.Ridley Scott created a beautiful film . The cinematography was masterful - like a crazy European car commercial . A wild , powerful sports car rolls into the coliseum , everyone stops their torturous acting & begins to feel the fine interiors , check under the hood , blare some music and then comment on the trunk space . Maybe a quick ride to showcase the vehicle 's performance ? A lion could sit on the hood and roar a little bit - an obvious appeal to the grunting desire to identify with virility and power that lurks in all of us . Oh well.The mass appeal of this bore was a clear demonstration of the famous quote
 Again , this review is not about the movie , which is 5 stars all the way . I have a Sony Bravia 1080p with HDMI and was excited to see the difference from the normal DVD . Sadly , there is practially NO difference . I actually popped in the orignal DVD just to make sure . The ONLY thing it has is an extended director 's cut . If you already have the regular DVD then this is a complete waste of money .
 This movie was probably the worst I 've seen in years . Take a beautiful story , try bringing it to life using CGI , bring on some very un-talented actors , and this is what you get . Granted , I admire the effort , but it 's not good enough . The sound track is the exact same soundtrack used in ` The Rock ' , with the addition of the talented singer from london -LRB- who actually did do good in this sound track -RRB- . Poor work with the CGI - you can see when the image is real and when it is n't . This movie is certainly not the ` epic ' it promised to be .
 I watched Gladiator on TV last night - what a piece of ... Oscars all around for this garbage ? -LSB- I -RSB- always knew the Oscars were BS , but now I really know it for sure ! Was Ridley Scott sleepwalking when he did this ? I know he 's inconsistent -LRB- see Bladerunner for one of his great films -RRB- but this verges on Paul McCartneyesque erosion of talent . This is from the same year `` Traffic '' was released - not a perfect film but surely more Oscar-worthy than this waste of celluloid -LRB- and waste of my time -RRB- . I will grant that this type of `` epic drama '' is best suited for the big screen , not chopped up for television , but ... is ... whether it 's 20 feet tall or the size of my TV.This movie is glaringly dumbed down - it relentlessly plays to the lowest common denominator , whether in its annoying and intrusive musical score -LRB- the placement and use of the music more than the music itself -RRB- or it 's laughable `` faux Shakespearean '' dialogue ... what , the Romans spoke fake Elizabethan English ? Bad fake Elizabethan English ? I realize there 's precedent for this type of speech in historical dramas , but it frequently does n't work and it 's certainly misplaced here . The special effects , scenery , etc. look good but , as with the recent Star Wars movies , the window dressing does n't really matter ... Forget Gladiator.Edit
 Gladiator is a poorly directed movie with a weak script . The opening battle scene is horribly stylized and crude , consisting of scenes repeated at different angles and obvious use of computerized graphics . The gladiatorial combat scenes consists of quick cut-aways and unneeded close-ups which hide detail . A non-action scene in the movie involves a sequence of long , weary , and meaningless dialogue . The characters , especially Commodus , are poorly written for while the plot lacks structure . Russell Crowe does give a strong performance , which somewhat saves the movie . Ultimately , if we compare Gladiator to a good movie in the genre , such as Braveheart , its shortcomings become apparent .
 Man , this is supposed to be a really good movie , so I had high hopes . These hopes were shot down about ten minutes into it . Not only is this film boring , but the sound effects drove me nuts . The music is way too loud , the voices are so soft and muddled that I could n't even understand what was being said half the time . Lots of violence - if that is what supposed to make this film great , it does n't do it for me . -LRB- A headless horseman , big deal . -RRB- Parts of it were very confusing and hard to follow . I still do n't understand the poisonous snake scene . Maybe if I could have heard the dialogue over the background noise I 'd have a better opinion of the movie . Part of the problem , I think , is that it 's a guy film . Perhaps it 's something a woman like me just ca n't appreciate . What WAS that snake doing there ?
 Hello everyone , Just to bring it to the attention of all region B player owners.The version of this movie that Amazon is selling will not play on region B Blu-ray players.I did do my research on www.bluray.com . There is information there that says it is region free but this information is wrong -LRB- at least for this version of the movie anyway -RRB- . I like this movie by the way , it was my first purchase on DVD.I hope this saves some people from making the same mistake I did.Amazon are not to blame , they resolved my issue in less then 1 day . I love shopping for Blu-rays here and this will not discourage me from any future purchases . Just make sure you do your research before you buy.All the best .
 I believe that there are serious quality control problems with this new Gladiator Extended Edition based upon my own experience.I purchased my first copy on the day it was issued 8/23/05 at my local big box electronics store . I was very frustrated to find that there were multiple quality control problems with disc 3 . The only feature that it would play was the production design primer . It would not play anything else on the disc . When I tried to go to each new section it would freeze up each time . I tried over a dozen times with no luck.I returned the set on 8/28/05 and exchanged the extended edition for another . They claimed they had no other complaints about disc 3 problems.Well when I tried to play the new exchanged extended edition disc 3 I was even more frustrated because now no features would play on disc 3 . I will be returning this set for a full refund this week.I 've seen other posts on other DVD sites where customers are also having problems with this Gladiator Extended Edition . I just read one where the customer could not get multiple features on disc 1 to play properly and he said he would be returning the set for a refund and stick to watching his two disc DTS version that came out several years ago.I plan to do the same . What a major disappointment . It is sad that there is so little quality control on a set that costs almost $ 30.00 most places.So buyer beware is my message . I 'd be interested to know if other customers had problems with their Gladiator Extended Edition sets as well.JayHarrisburg , PA
 I watched and compared the Blu-ray to my DTS DVD . Do n't support this kind of crap transfers . I will wait for this to be done right . I gave it two stars only for the audio . The video is really annoying !
 The movie itself is great , but the picture quality of this Blu Ray sucks . I hope they will issue a version with a decent transfer , this movie deserves one .
 Cancelled my pre-order after seeing screenshots of how badly ` damaged ' this release has been by over-zealous use of digital processing . The studios need to wake up . The battle scenes are INTENTIONALLY grainy , for goodness sake , so removing the grain just destroys the movie . Thanks , but no thanks .
 Paramount destroyed the picture in this blu-ray release . In order to get the picture to look smoother , they applied effects that not only got rid of grain , but immense amounts of detail . Matter of fact , the effects they applied to the picture even got rid of things like distant arrows being shot through the sky . Simply put , the broadcast version looks better , and even the DVD has more detail in certain scenes.This is a crime to such a wonderful movie . Wait for them to fix this . Please do not support them .
 As mentioned by others , this BD transfer relies on digital noise reduction methods and edge enhancement to clean up the image . What this means to the average viewer is an artificially enhanced picture sub-par to the standard and potential of 1080p . You may get away with it on a 720p set.Otherwise great movie.May a rotten tomato find its way upon the producer 's mug !
 Paramount has now informed customers that the new revised Blu-ray with the vastly improved HD transfer WILL have a YELLOW UPC symbol on the packaging , as was the case with Saving Private Ryan . Amazon.com needs to re-confirm if they have the NEW stock here !
 Equal parts Hollywood spectacle , extraordinary computer special effects , simple Goodie v. Baddie plot and maudlin sentiment . Russell Crowe -LRB- and this is a fellow Aussie writing here -RRB- proves conclusively that Best Actor Oscars really are given away with the Cornflakes . Save your money or buy `` Lord of the Rings '' , or even `` Harry Potter '' - much more fun and much , much less pretentious .
 Stay away !! The transfer on this is AWFUL . This is not why we buy Blu-ray -- to watch sub-par presentations ! Wait for the `` next generation '' . Like I did for the Fifth Element .
 Do n't believe all the five star reviews this release has received , many of those are for the film itself and were entered in before the blu ray was even released.As others have said , the picture on this blu ray is pathetic , DNR and EE everywhere , I 'm no A/V fanatic but even I can tell when a blu ray looks like crap , especially this one . If you love the movie just buy the DVD version and watch it up-scaled on your blu ray player , it 'll save you some serious money and frustration .
 No , I will not buy this so called Blu-ray version of Gladiator . Too many agree it 's just awful . Unfortunately , I doubt if there will ever be a better version . For some reason our words make no impression . Even though we help keep them in business , they choose never to respond to our concerns . Sorry , that just the way it is . Sure hope they prove me wrong . This title deserves better .
 The regular DVD has the same picture quaty -LRB- Even better -RRB- and the sound is also better on the regular DVD.I do not call that a blu ray . They used the same master than the regular DVD . About correction . I can correct better with my 82 '' projection screen.Iam going to write to the distributor and ask a refund and a real Blu Ray from the Gladiator 's movie . Ido not like to be riped offOf courde I love the extended version . I keep it only for that reason . But the quality of the picture is not a 1080 Blu Ray . No way ! Guy BodartFilm director / Director of photography
 For months I 've anticipated this new , extended version of Gladiator . During the wait , I upgraded my entertainment system to one that supports DTS 5.1 . I 've been thrilled to finally hear the superb DTS tracks on films such as `` Master and Commander '' and `` Lord of the Rings '' . But now upon hearing that this `` new '' version is without the DTS track , I regret to say that I will NOT be purchasing it ... ever . Instead , I went straight to Amazon and ordered a used copy of the signature version with DTS -LRB- which I did not have yet -RRB- . Am I going to miss the 17 minutes of added footage ? Sure . But I 'm certain I 'll catch them when viewing the DVD that someone ELSE has purchased . They can have their 17 extra minutes -LRB- with substandard sound -RRB- and I 'll have the rest of the movie in DTS .
 I have read articles where it is mentioned that Director Scott first wanted Mel Gibson as Maximus , but Mr. Gibson , feeling his years a bit , replied that he was to old and recommended Crowe as the best person for the job . So Mr. Scott lost Mad Max , But stole so many plot and scene ideas from Gibsons ` Braveheart ' , that if Gibson had appeared , this Hollywood pap festival might have been considered a sequel . How Crowe snared the best actor award for his gutteral , mono-syllabic General/Slave/Gladiator is beyond me . The myriad computer effects are so poorly done , that almost all the generated landscapes look like a childs water color . The fast/slow motion moments , the the realing camera work , all make for virtual indigestion . Crowe , after being enslaved , becomes even more reticent , and is the least impressive physically of all the would be Gladiators . Joaquin Phoenix plays the new Cesar on the Pax Romana block , and plays it very poorly . Scott seemed to want him to come off as a wicked , evil , back stabbing , incestious dog . Instead Phoenix is more a sniveling , cringing annoyance than a mad tyrant . The plot , which is hackenyed and thin , is also incongrously slow . I think Rome was Built and conquered in less time then it takes for this dud to complete . Save your money , time and patience , because this movie isnt worth any of those .
 This has to be the worst movie ever to win an Academy Award for best picture . The opening battle scene is impressive , but the movie takes a nose dive from there . The plot is incoherent . The action sequences are edited in such a way as to completely obscure the action . The acting is not terrible , but the script is simply ludicrous from beginning to end.This movie wasted two and a half hours of my life that I will never get back .
 The only thing that really makes this movie worthy of wasting our time is Russel Crowe 's acting as `` Maximus '' , a Roman general . I have to say , however , that this movie was a brave attempt to make an epic like those of Hollywood 's golden age . Unfortunately it did n't work out and one of the main reasons for this is probably the arrogance of the filmmakers that literally distorted and changed the entire Roman history so it could fit in there movie , as if the history of the great Roman Empire was not interestig enough for hollywood . The worst of all is that Hollywood underestimated the audience 's intelligence by filling the movie with frenetic scenes of battles and putting aside the real roman story -LRB- wich is much more intersting -RRB- as if the public could only be impressed by scenes in wich someone 's head is cut off and not by the amazing history and legacy of the Roman Empire .
 I expected way more from this movie . I had heard all the buzz , and when I finally saw it , I was pretty excited . But much to my dismay , this film fell flat . Impressive as an action movie , but lame as an epic film in the same vein as Braveheart . Russell Crowe acted only a little , but did not deserve the Academy Award . The movie was too slow at times , like after the battle in the beginning . The whole time afterwards I could n't wait for Maximus to become a gladiator because I heard so much about those Colesseum fights . Too much talking , and I really was not interested in the story at all . I do have to admit , the fight sequences were very well done , and the technique Ridley Scott used to give the film that look of quickness -LRB- I do n't know how to descibe it -RRB- works extremely well . Gladiator is nothing but an action movie . I really did not care for the characters , and it certainly did not deserve best picture . I would have voted for Crouching Tiger .
 What I mean by that is I ca n't play the D.V.D. . It was the Europeon verssion . I have returned it . Please send me the correct one.I live in the U.S.
 I can not seem to get over the fact that Russel Crowe won an Oscar for this ! He swung a sword around for 2 hours , come on ! If you want to see the Best Actor of 2000 , i 'll refer you to Javier Bardem -LRB- Before Night Falls -RRB- . Crowe 's character reached no emotional level whatsoever . We saw his wife & kid through 40 seconds of silent flashbacks , tell me why we should sympathize with his grieving ?? Well photographed , well choreographed , but the rest -- Craptacular .
 You would n't think so from the title and the expected action and fight scenes , but this is a beautiful epic . The love story behind it is lovely but bittersweet . Ridley Scott makes the characters come to life and he makes ancient Rome come to life . Now , I am a teenage girl . I went to see Gladiator with my friend for two reasons
 As others have mentioned already , the studios pretty much butchered the Bluray release of this masterpiece . It 's sad really , because they did an excellent job with the BD release of Braveheart which was released at the same time as BD version of Gladiator .
 I agree with the other recent reviews , the Blu-ray version of this is a travesty . The EE + DNR persistent throughout makes it almost unwatchable . The only good parts are the extended sequences , but they only last for a fraction of the movie 's running time . Avoid at all costs !
 As reluctant as many people may be to admit it , this movie would n't have been made if it were n't for `` Conan '' , not to mention Hollywood 's earlier Roman extravaganzas `` Ben-Hur '' , `` Spartacus '' , and the others . The problem is that all the testosterone has been drained away
 Although I did not purchase this from amazon , I feel this will be helpful . I was very disapointed in the quality of this recording format . I kept asking myself is this how grainy this picture is . It does not fit the new BD quality period . I have dvd 's that look better then this BD copy on my same player . Before you purchase this google reveiws for this BD saphire series . There are even some threads that have rumors of Paramount offering a free limited exchange for this disc . Dont waste your money untill they re-record this in the newest highest BD standards .
 Gladiator has somehow garnered adulation . It snagged the Oscar for Best Picture -LRB- no mean feat -RRB- , made lots of money , and collected a reasonable share of critical acclaim . But even after watching it -LRB- twice -RRB- , I steadfastly stick to my conclusion that Gladiator is not a great movie ... not even a good one.Gladiator holds promise for a heroic story with a liberal dosing of medieval battles . In the end , I am left with a feeling that the film is a blatant retread of Braveheart and other more successful varieties of the `` hero fighting for freedom and revenge '' plot . Our hero , Maximus , spouts several turgid speeches that sound as if they were ripped directly from Braveheart , and his lack of emotional power render his recitations tepid and uninspiring . Maximus ' forgettable dearth of emotionalized feeling when his family is mercilessly slaughtered is nauseating . Crowe 's entire role is too halfhearted -LRB- he won Best Actor !?!? -RRB- , helped little by the mimetic script . Do n't even get me started on the implicit affection between Maximus and the emperor 's sister , which was retch-inducingly contrived.The battle scenes are ambitious in their orchestration , but ultimately they are filmed poorly thanks to erratic camera movement that forsake clarity or the exhilarating involvement of , say , Saving Private Ryan . Admittedly , the chariot battle is stunning , with its breathless sense of urgency that the filmmakers captured here . But why did n't they do it for the rest of the movie ? It does n't help that the different battles seem like disparate events unforgivingly adhered to an existing story line to add violent physical conflict . What Maximus is fighting for becomes unclear amidst the series of battles , which lack fiery emotional intensity that SHOULD be present when someone is fighting for freedom and revenege . One area that deserves accolade is the incredible sound . All around , you can hear arrows whiz by , the cacophony of clashing steel , and anguished screams . Very impressive!And then comes the big kick in the face
 I 'm astonished and saddened to report that on 31 August 2011 , my order for Gladiator on blu-ray was fulfilled with the old , digitally overscrubbed , edge-enhanced version , complete with a Paramount mail-in offer that expired on June 30 , 2010 ! For means of assuring that you have the remastered version , you 're advised to consult the advice from other reviewers -- which , unfortunately , continues to be timely.Gladiator -LRB- Sapphire Series -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 I do n't think I 've written a review on Amazon yet for as much as I 've shopped here , but I felt compelled to review this Blu-Ray release . Gladiator is one of my favorite movies and I was quite excited about this release . To much dismay , most of the movie visually feels like I am watching an upscaled DVD . There are some moments that shine , but the difference between the great quality of the extended scenes and the processing that plagues the theatrical scenes are very noticeable that it has really made me question why the whole movie could n't be transferred with the superb visuals displayed in the extended scenes.Overall , the movie is still great with a nice bundle of extras included , but I am still very disappointed with the video quality of the theatrical footage which is what I was mostly looking forward to with this purchase .
 My respect for Oscar Awards received a jolt watching the movie . The jury has probably been carried away by the exotic subject matter , the inherent brutality or by the purportedly grand spectacle of the Roman Empire . Or may be some unknown consideration has influenced their decision . To be impressed by grand scale only , without caring a fig for storyline , characterization , smacks of childishness . Even in that parameter ` Gladiator ' will get a thumbs down from me . Richard Attenborough recreated a grander scale in ` Gandhi ' and handled more people on the sets , without sacrificing order and coherence.Haste seems to be the bane of the movie . So much has been squeezed into so little-both in terms of space and time . Both the opening battle scene in Germania and the fighting scenes inside the Colosseum present such a medley that even someone with 6/6 vision will be left groping for sense . And the murky shots will help compound his woes.Speaking of time , the narrative and characterization get a raw deal on that account too . Ultimately the movie comes out as a smorgasbord of disjointed visuals replete with blood and rage . This story of chivalry , velour , revenge , Roman politics , intrigue and not forgetting incest deserved a slower pace and more gradual development.The only saving grace for the movie is the masterly acting of Russell Crowe , the Gladiator .
 `` Gladiator '' was the box-office blockbuster of 2000 , so you probably should see it if you have n't seen it already , just to be informed . Still , this is a mediocre and vastly overrated film -- both as a would-be epic and as an action film -- and do n't let all the hype and hooplah fool you into thinking otherwise.I first saw this movie in the theater when it came out . I was unimpressed . I just rented it again on DVD to find out whether I missed something the first time . If I did , I missed it the second time as well . I still do n't think it 's a great movie . In fact , I still do n't even think it 's a * good * movie . In my book , I 'd say it 's just a bit below mediocre . If I were giving this a grade , I 'd say it was a solid C - . In this review , I try to explain why.In the spirit of optimism and fairness , I 'll start with what I liked about the movie , before I come to my dislikes . I generally like the first half an hour or so . In fact , I think the opening scene of pre-battle preparation -LRB- before the legion 's battle with the Germans -RRB- is the movie 's high point . Even after the battle , there 's still a lot of good stuff going on here
 This is another case of a well prepared advertisement campaign . Weeks before the film entered the cinemas the world was praising the film as something nobody else had ever seen before . Now , there lay exactly the problem . The 1964 version of `` The Fall of the Roman Empire '' -LRB- with Sophia Loren -RRB- tells more or less the same story but without all the sound effects available now . Take those Dolby Suround/THX effects and you will have a very dull story . That 's why I insist watching The Fall of the Roman Empire might lack some technical quality but it beats The Gladiator in most parts . If you like battle scenes and man-to-man fights you get the right movie . Anything beyond that is an insult .
 Having heard so many wonderful things about this film , I expected a lot . I was quite disappointed - great cast but not great acting . I was bored through most of it and not even Russell Crowe was worth watching . He is most brilliant in ROMPER STOMPER!GLADIATOR certainly does not measure up to the great SPARTACUS !!!
 Okay , I FINALLY got tired of all my friends telling me I had to see this movie , so we rented it over Thanksgiving holiday . What is the big deal ??? Yeah , Russell Crowe looks great with muscles . Here 's a tip for ya ... he looked good without 'em , too , AND he seemingly could act better -LRB- Recall `` LA Confidential '' if you will , and the incredible performance he turned in for `` The Insider '' -RRB- . He was sleepwalking through this film . The effects were passable ... I did like the overview of the Coliseum on the first day of the Games . But beyond that ... yawn.The best thing about this film was Joaquin Phoenix , who proves once again , after the dreadful `` 8MM '' , that he can shine in anything !
 No argument that this is a great movie . Unfortunately , the blu-ray -LRB- sapphire series -RRB- quality is a horrible end product to watch in comparison to other blu-ray movies on the market . This needs to be fixed . A shame , waste of money for the quality you expect to get from blu-ray video .
 I kept waiting for this movie to get better . Alas . Each chunky scene in this self-conscious , overweight `` virtual '' spectacle just sort of drops out of the sky , connected by only the thinnest conceit , to what precedes it and what comes after . There 's a feeling after a very short while into the film , that it might never end . The screenplay , its characters , the actors who portray them are entirely gratuitous , and serve no purpose than to justify the choreographed violence that takes up two thirds of this very long film . This is a movie that Ridley Scott made because he could , not because he should . The whole thing seems designed merely to show off the -LRB- art -RRB- director 's flamboyant , and shamelessly artificial vision of a high-tech antiquity . The plot is nonsense . Why is our hero allowed to live past the first thirty minutes of this movie , for example ? The digitalized cinematography is gaudy and overwrought . The actors are boring and the dialog is stiff where it 's not plain cheesy . I bought this movie . I do n't recommend even renting it .
 This movie was better when it was called `` Ben Hur . '' And I hated `` Ben Hur . '' The effects here were so overdone , the computer-generated scenery so artificial , I felt ill . Computer imagery ought to be used only when necessary , and with a budget like this clunkers , ' real scenery would have been easy . The acting was fair , I 'll admit , but the script so trite and forced one wonders why the actors even bother . Oh , yeah ... money . This movie is all hype . bleckt
 The only thing this movie inspired in me was sleep . It was like watching a movie while being high on novacaine , a truly mind numbing experience . The whole experience was a terrific letdown after seeing the previews on television . I went to the theater thinking I was going to see an epic , and came home deadened and thanking God that there are other good movies to see . If all movies were this horrible , I 'd never set foot in a theater again .
 `` Gladiator '' is an astonishing success -- and by that I mean that I am astonished by the level of success this mediocre flick has attained.Why are people so enamored of this film ? Why was it even made ? Clearly spurred on by the fortunes of the ultra-realistic `` Saving Private Ryan '' -LRB- which is infinitely better than this movie -RRB- , `` Gladiator '' is a long , dull , boring slog through action sequences we 've seen before in other , better movies.The obvious CGI is ugly , the photography dank and dark , the script ridden with cliches and the performances as stiff as nails -- including the lead performance of Russell Crowe , who is about as dour , joyless and inert as any actor I 've ever seen in any movie . Mel Gibson played a similar character in `` Braveheart '' -LRB- lone man takes on the aristocracy to avenge the death of his wife -RRB- , but with much more verve and energy than Crowe musters here . Crowe is a complete flop in this movie.But , people love it . It won Oscars for Best Picture and Best Actor -LRB- over `` Traffic '' and `` Crouching Tiger '' ! -RRB- . I remain baffled by the money and the kudos spent on this movie .
 ... I seldom dislike things and if I do I seldom feel compelled to speak on my dislike here in Friends and Favorites . I did not like this because after the big build up after the Oscars , it led me to believe that this was gon na be more . The graphics and the recreation of the Area and those firght scenes were alright , but the story line I found kinda boring ... not too different from those B Gladiator Movies from the 50s and 60s starring Victor Mature or Chuck Connors . I am one of the few people on earth who is unimpressed with Russell Crowe , he of the same pompousness that created Richard Burton -- you never saw Burton in a comedy and you never will see Crowe in one because each takes/took himself waaaaay too seriously . Case in point , this product . My wife paid for the tickets so I was forced to keep my eyes ...
 It was way too long of a movie to have such a stupid ending . One minute , he was going to get his army , the next , he was fighting the emporer in hand to hand combat . I did n't get it . It was like they ran out of money and could n't pay the army , so they had to slap together a quick ending . And Russell Crowe 's acting ? Please . He plays every single role the same
 Version
 I realise I am voicing a minority opinion here but I just did not enjoy Gladiator . For me , it was an ok movie and nothing more . It certainly does not compare favourably to classic Roman epics like Spartacus and Quo Vadis . The acting and the dialogue were mediocre at best . I certainly did not feel any sympathy for Maximus in his time of sorrow . Derek Jacobi 's senator was a waste of screen time . Commodus came off as a whiny cowardly brat.The best movie of 2000 was Titus . The acting was first class , the directing superb and the movie had a dialogue from a true master , William Shakespeare . Too bad the academy did not agree with me .
 Well , the movie itself is brilliant . Cameras , scenes , shots , actors , everybody did a great job . However , it seems to me that the movie 's a little bit too brutal . In almost every shot you see somebody getting killed or somebody dead . After an hour or so , I was really bored by this movie .
 I saw this movie five years ago . It was called * Braveheart * . -LRB- And it was n't much better than this tripe . -RRB- There 's so much to dislike , I 'm not even sure where to commence . OK , the music . Laughably portentous rot by someone named Hans Zimmer . Tragic violins . Arabesque singing . World Beat bongos . The idea was to elevate the sophomoric material . It failed.Number two -- the notions of the Roman Empire . The screenwriters seem to think that Senators were , rather like Hillary Clinton , ELECTED by ballots to their posts . This made me chuckle . A sad-looking Derek Jacobi , in a conversation with Joaquin Phoenix , proclaims at one point that the Senate , as opposed to the Emperor , is CHOSEN by the `` people '' . May I interrupt ? -- No . They were not . It was a hereditary right . Speaking of the people
 I 've been a big fan of Crowe since Romper Stomper and thought he was great in LA Confidential , but in Gladiator there 's really not much for him to do but grunt . The opening battle scene was a mess and early on set the pattern for all that followed in the arena . Scott seems to have gone for the typical high gloss form of Hollywood filmmaking , employing quick cuts with something flying into the camera every second -LRB- the latter seems to be the action norm ever since the Twister trailer -RRB- . The ending is the very definition of anti-climatic . Bottom line , Gladiator never figured out if it wanted to be Braveheart or 13th Warrior , and as a result ended up stuck somewhere between an epic film and a fun movie . Too bad it could n't make up its mind . Still , I 'm looking forward to the DVD 's commentary tracks ; if nothing else , at least it looked pretty .
 IT REALLY STINKS !!! FIRST IT WAS SINGLE DISC , THEN THERE WAS A 2 DISC RELEASE AND NOW AN EXTENDED 3-DISC EDITION IS UP FOR PRE-ORDER . CAN SOMEONE AT DREAMWORKS CLARIFY HOW MANY MORE EDITIONS WILL WE HAVE ?? PUBLISHING HOUSES LIKE DREAMWORKS ARE TOO BUSY CASHING IN ON GREAT MOVIES LIKE GLADIATOR AND ARE JUST NOT BOTHERED ABOUT THE HARD EARNED MONEY PEOPLE SPEND ON BUYING EARLIER VERSIONS OF THE MOVIE .
 I did n't find this movie that much of an attention grabber . The storyline was very slow and very long . You have to really be interested in ancient Rome to enjoy this movie . Or just be into Russel Crowe . I also found the storyline hard to follow . One of the only good things that caught my eye , or my ear I should say , was the soundtrack . The composer did an excellent job with the soundtrack.The other thing that caught my eye was some of the special effects.The acting by Joaquin Phoenix was just atrocious . I ca n't believe they made this guy such a cry baby . His mellowdramatic scenes were some of the worst that I had ever seenI would only recommend this to someone that really likes Russel Crowe . Women , I have to tell you , you do n't see that much of him . In fact , they must have run around everywhere wearing armor , because that 's pretty much what he wore the whole movie .
 Well , there is no denying that pretty much everything there is to say about Gladiator has already been said . Great acting , great story and great scenery , etc. etc. . But what I found was the most outstanding feature was how disappointing this film was . This film was hyped as much as possible and I held off seeing it until it made money at the box office , got great reviews , and even after watching a special making of Gladiator documentary . I admit the trailers reeled me in . However , while this film was not terrible , it certainly was not very good and not worthy of all the praise it has gotten.The acting in it was good . Russell Crowe , Joaquin Phoenix , and Connie Nielsen all did a good job with what they had to work with storyline wise . I think Phoenix did the best job with his multi-faceted villian . He made you feel almost sorry for his insecurities one minute and hate him the next . The chemistry between Crowe and Nielsen was nice and quite apparent , but grossly underused . I did not even mind the creepy incest story between Lucilla and Commudus because at least it was showed this movie was not afraid to be a little daring.However , what I did mind was the lack of cohesiveness that the plot of this movie had . Certain aspects of the story were not properly addressed , if they were even addressed at all . Maximus -LRB- Crowe -RRB- was mourning the loss of his wife and son , but if the movie never showed why Maximus loved his wife so much , why were we the audience supposed to care ? I did n't . I failed to see a great love story there because the producers could not even spare a minute in this lengthy movie to establish sufficient base story . Also , why did Commudus -LRB- Phoenix -RRB- hate Maximus so much for having been involved with Lucilla -LRB- Nielsen -RRB- when in the mean time since their breakup she had been married to someone else and bore that man a son . This did not make sense . And the worst of all was that the big buildup scenes were a big letdown . The scene were Commodus finds out that Maximus is still alive was a huge disappointment as was the final fight scene between the two . The ending was completely and utterly predictable . I knew before I even saw the movie how it would end.In closing I just want to say that this film had great potential , but did not even come close to reaching it . The actors all did as good of job as possible , but the story was just not there . For its considerable length it still felt unfinished and uneven . This movie just left me bored -LRB- despite the graphic action scenes -RRB- and deeply disappointed . This movie is not the worst I have ever seen , but it certainly does not do justice to the glory that was Rome .
 One of my favorite movies of all time is Braveheart and I had heard such glowing reviews of Gladiator and often comparisons to Braveheart that I could n't wait to see it . I found it mostly boring . The storyline never caught me ... I never felt for the character Russel Crowe played -LRB- though he was GREAT in the Insider -RRB- . Joaquin Phoenix did make a pretty good `` bad guy '' but overall I was disappointed .
 After this movie won best picture , I can no longer give any respect to the academy awards . The story line is completely predictable , the character development is nonexistent , and the movie is filled with gratuitous gore to make up the difference . Some of the acting is humorously terrible -LRB- like the scene where Commodus kills his father , oh dear ... -RRB- Crowe 's performance is decent but certanly not an Oscar winning one.The film probably deserves two stars on account of visuals , soundtrack and passable acting by Crowe but I 'm giving it one star because it has been so ridiculously overrated .
 Why this film won the Academy Award for Best Picture and Best Actor , I will never know . I suppose the Academy was simply trying to flow with the general public 's -LRB- shallow -RRB- opinion by rewarding both this overhyped film and its actor Russell Crowe the 2 major awards . Of course it is Hollywood 's tradition to honor films that are big-budget , big-epic productions . Most people who rooted for this film to win Best Picture probablly only saw this film out of the 5 nominees . Personally , to me , a good film is not about whether a film is `` spectacular '' visually , but about the deeper internal meaning behind it . Men clad with masks fighting and beheading each other ... and you call that Best Picture ? To be totally honest , it only deserved one Academy Award
 This movie was boring and too long . I whatched it with high hopes because all of my friends told me that it was great , but when I whatched it , i could n't stand it ! Was it just me ?! StayAway from this mess .
 * Gladiator * is the story of Maximus -LRB- awesome name , eh ? -RRB- , Rome 's best general and heir to Marcus Aurelius ' throne , and his subsequent downfall thanks to the Emperor 's sniveling , scheming son Commodus -LRB- an even more awesome name , based on an actual guy ! -RRB- ... AND his subsequent escape from slavery via the gladiator trade.The film attempts , I think , to be a `` throwback '' to all those tunic 'n' toga epics of the 1950 's , but with a modern sensibility . The first question I pose is
 The movie formula is well known
 WOW . We 've seen a lot of war movies . This one just has a `` GLADIATOR '' theme added into it . I just have one word fir this movie
 This is the best movie of 2000 ? Nothing but gore , and more gore . The acting was horrible-Russell Crowe has two expressions , angry and stoic . This is a Ben-Hur wannabe but it fell far far short of that great movie . Sad that this pitiful excuse for a Best Picture will go down as an Oscar Winner .
 I was excited to see Gladiator , I really was . I expected a lot from the man who gave us Alien . Then I actually saw it and thought to myself , what a waste of money -LRB- I 'm talking about the film , not my six bucks -RRB- . In the first battle , the film takes a decidedly `` Hollywood '' turn . The battle is shot in a mixture of slow motion and blurred shots that leave everything to the imagination and leaves you hanging before the movie 's hackneyed plot even begins to unfurl in its oh so predictable manor . Compared to Braveheart , Gladiator 's battles are nothing more than campy and predictable fight scenes ala John Woo films . The acting and the characters are paper thin . Rather than come across as a mean-spirited monarch , Juaquin Phoenix -LRB- who 's bad in any movie -RRB- simply acts like a whiny baby and spends the whole movie trying to get into his sister 's pants . Russel Crowe -LRB- pure window dressing -RRB- acts like a typical Russel Crowe and spends the movie rather void of emotion . In Ben Hur , you could see and believe the anger and fury in Charlton Heston 's face when he was framed by his best friend . In Gladiator , Crowe looks like he 's trying to remember whether or not he left the oven on . The best performance in the movie by far comes from veteran actor Richard Harris . Unfortunately , he 's not in it for too long . The film is basically a carbon copy of oscar winning epics such as braveheart . Man loses someone close to him and is forced into a position he does n't want to be in . He goes up agains tremendous odds , triumphs , earns the respect of his people , and dies in the end , and right before he dies , Crowe sees a vision of his deceased family -LRB- Braveheart anyone ? -RRB- . If you 're looking for a good Roman epic . Wait until March when Ben Hur comes out on DVD .
 I really ca n't see why this film became so popular . It 's basically the same story as Anthony Mann 's THE FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE , with the thematics of SPARTACUS added to it . This should have been a good idea for a great entertaining as well as powerfully emotional movie in which the audience engage themselves in spite of the fact that the story is 2000 years ago.SPARTACUS is still a powerful film because it 's also a story about humanity and idealism ; the equality of all humans , freedom , etc. , . It 's also has a lot of strong visuals and fine performances through out the entire film ; the subject matter is so engaging the actors should be good.THE FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE is a flawed film perhaps , but still is a great one in the way it investigates the corruption of power , which is also a very contemporary theme . -LRB- by the way , SPARTACUS was also partly directed by Mann -RRB- . Now comes GLADIATOR , which is a recent film , but I find it quite obselete because the thematic matter is reduced to one over-used stereotypical idea ; the guy wants to fight against a poweful but corrupted empire because he wants to ... see his family who are already dead ? This mutilated hero does n't even have the guts to revenge that precious family of his . Come on ! Is that a bad joke or something?How an actor , as good as he may be -LRB- and Crowe is a terrific one -RRB- can put his emotion in a character like this ? Well , obviously he could n't . All that remmains is the fact is that he is still good looking ... The other actors are horrible . For instance , just compare the portrayal of the emperor as Anthony Mann envisioned him and the shallow vilan in this Ridley Scott version.This film made me think again that Hollywood now has a lot to learn from its own history . Scott is basically a good , very skilled and inovative director I ca n't see why he could be satisfied with such an empty , uninteresting script.Okay , I admit , the first 20 minutes battle sequence is quite interesting visually , and that 's my reason for the one additional star . I hoped the filmmakers could keep that tention through out the film . But with such a bad script , I guess it must have been difficult to look continuously for interestitng things to interpret as image .
 Gladiator , a most anticipated viewing experience , turned out to be one of my most disappointing . The movie , directed by the talented Ridley Scott , whose craft and visual style is one to be looked at in awe , is sadly a waste of a good director 's talents and good performer 's time . The movie makes use of many grisley effects , most of which are overly blatant , and meaningless . Whenever the gladiators fight , the blood flys everywhere , and the photography is highly jumpy and aggravating -- it is very hard to keep track of all the action . Some of the footage appears to have even been sped up , I presume in an attempt to make the action look more exciting , however it only proves to make it all the more confusing . I felt like I was watching a cheap music video set to the film 's soundtrack.As far as the actors are concerned , I felt they performed well . Although the film is highly short on dialouge , what lines that are spoken are delivered very well . Russell Crowe is a terrific talent , and he plays the grief stricked , revenge hungry Maximus with a great quality . It was hard to take my eyes off of him . I only wish that there was more for him to say.The makers of this motion picture did a fabulous job of bringing ancient Rome to the screen . The visual depictions of all of the Roman landscape amazing , and breathtaking . The movie 's photography is very beautiful indeed , until the fighting starts . The action cuts too quickly , and the violence is a step past the gratuitous line . By the time I finsished the movie I had little or no desire to even watch the special features , for I no longer cared what was left out of the film . If the makers felt it needed to be cut from what they finally ended up with , then it does not deserve my time or attention , for the what made it to the screen as `` Gladiator '' was giant box office draw with no meat , no character developement , and far too much blood . If you 're going to give us a bloody movie , Ridley , at least do it with some taste . The makers of other historical epics have achieved the same , it is a shame that the makers of Gladiator could not .
 If films were judged by looks alone , then this one would truly be a classic . The film is Ridley Scott 's attempt at a post millennial sword and sandals epic akin to SPARTUCUS or BEN HUR though the final product bears a closer resemblance to CONAN THE BARBARIAN plus some added pretension . With GLADIATOR it 's obvious that Scott really wanted to make an important film rather than an exploitive action yarn like CONAN , though his expository scenes are dull and lacking in the charge of his spastic action sequences . Still , even those sequences really do n't work on quite the level they 're supposed to.Thus begins our B-movie epic
 Boring , typical , overrated , uninspired Hollywood tripe.Spectacular action sequences , decent cinematography and brilliant performance -LRB- by none other than Phoenix -RRB- marred by EXTREME lack of substance , and a truly hokey and predictable script . Scott 's frantic direction ca n't save this utter waste of film . Not for a second . As far as I 'm concerned , this movie just caters to the random and puerile 15 year old . Did anyone care about Maximus ? I sure did n't . Robbie the Robot has more life and emotion than this guy ! Crowe 's performance is dull and destitute , and quite frankly , makes the whole project destitute with his dull and empty presence . He 's like paper-mache up there . Yeah , I know Maximus ' world takes a tragic turn for the worst , but COME ON ! He 's a paper-cut-out for the entire movie ! Very annoying . What 's worse is he actually got an Oscar for it . Yikes ! Who knew wooden acting was awarded so shamelessly?Yeah , I liked the hyper , ultra-violent action scenes . The movie had the potential to be a great action film . Thus the reason it gets 2 stars . Well , not the only reason ... this abysmal failure of a movie has somewhat of another saving grace . Yep , Joaquin Phoenix 's abrasive performance as the villain , Commodus . He 's too good for this tedious mess . It 's just too bad his brilliance ca n't correct the errors that litter the rest of this tedious insult.In the end , Gladiator is completely void of any intelligence , originality , and soul . People bawled at the end . I did n't . How could I ? I did n't feel for Maximus . He was a dry , sour and ridiculous character . He 's extremely hollow . So is the script ! I ca n't understand why so many people commend this ... So many awards for such a weak little meaningless , forgettable movie.So , in summation , this inferior pile of wretchedness is literally clubbed to death with more cliches than you can shake a stick at . And to tell you the truth , I laughed at the end . It 's THAT -LSB- weak -RSB- . A movie that struggles for 2 hours to build up this intense level of emotion and drama , and failing so miserably . Makes me chuckle.Recycled piece of boring regurgitated Hollywood junk .
 I 'm sorry , but I need to take this movie down a peg or two . I liked it well enough when I saw it in the theater , but I immediately began to grow a distaste for this movie when I came to school on Monday and suddenly everyone is messing themselves over what a great film _ Gladiator _ was . `` It was , like , better than Braveheart ! '' `` Dude , that was the best movie I 've seen in years ! '' `` Russel Crowe 's gon na win Best Actor ! And that Commodus guy was great ! `` These were a few of the many comments that triggered a boiling resentment deep within the bowels of my intestines for this film which I still carry with me today . It will now be like that permanently , thanks to the Academy 's ridiculous presumption that this was the best film of the year . First of all , the winner of the Oscar should have been either _ Traffic _ -LRB- which , thankfully , Steven Soderberg got Best Director for -RRB- or _ Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon _ -LRB- which , thankfully , won for Best Foreign Film -RRB- . Both of these films were twice as well-acted , twice as well-written , and ten times more satisfying to look at . Gladiator , all gore aside , is one of the most grainy and ugly films I 've seen in years . The actors seem to be walking through an endless haze , which is easy to ignore during the battles , but annoying when a conversation is happening.As for Joaquin Phoenix , his character of Commudus is cartoonishly and inexplicably evil . Ebert & Roeper used a word I particularly agree with
 I do n't get it . Everytime I see one of these mega-movies they all look the same . The filmmaking style just bored me to tears . Talk about a formula . All the elements are just recycled from every other period action/adventure film . They lost me with the opening battle scene.By the way , If you want to see a great battle scene with a wonderful score check out `` Ran '' by Kurowsawa . He turns the battle sounds off and turns up the score , for a truely amazing experience.Everytime the action is indoors we get a cut and a close up every 4 seconds . No hold on the master shot where the actors are free to move within the frame . Terrible filmmaking -LRB- editing -RRB- . I felt like I was watching TV with an overblown budget . Needless to say I `` walked out '' on this one early and never finished the DVD . I 'd rather `` read the book '' and use my imagination.I give it one star for the effort it took to stage the opening battle scene . But then again , most of it was probably computer generated . No soup for you ! Zero stars .
 One reviewer described _ Gladiator _ as ` one of the best movies ever , ' and adds that ` if you liked _ Braveheart _ , you 'll love this movie ! ' That ought to tell you everything you need to know . I will never cease to be amazed at the amount of praise that was heaped on this movie . The story dragged on and on ; historical verity was pure Hollywood , so far as I could tell ; and nothing seemed so important as pretty scenery and luminous cinematographic effects . Finally , the dialogue was nothing short of embarrassing -- towards the end , my friend and I gave up all efforts to conceal our laughter . Neither Crowe 's bedrock solidity nor Joaquin Phoenix ' Fiennes-like homoerotic flamboyance could save this film -LRB- check out the latter 's ` busy little bee ' tirade -RRB- . If you * must * see this film , get extremely high first -- your critical faculties will require dulling in order to get through it .
 It is most sad that so many people wasted their time on such a vapid film . They tried very hard to make it seem `` deep '' through the use of dream imagery and excessive computer whizzery . It was impossible to ignore the phonyness , particulary in the coliseum battles with tigers and the giant in the gold mask . It was way too obvious that extreme closeups , swirling camera movement , and overly zealous Foley -LRB- sound -RRB- effects were intended to disguise the truth , which was that nothing real was happening.As for Russell Crowe , I am still waiting to find out whether he can act . In this film , his mutterings tapped into all the emotions he could express from A to B. Perhaps with a script , he might do better . Maybe when I see `` A Beautiful Mind '' , I 'll find out.I have always been a fan of action films , but this one , alas , was so contrived and obvious in it 's use of two-bit trickery that no matter how hard I tried , it was impossible to believe in.If an audience does n't require more than this film delivers , then how long will it be before movie-goers just salivate and shout their approval just because a film was overhyped to the maximum extent possible . Has anyone ever heard the story of `` The King 's New Clothes '' ?
 I 'm still quite surprised at the praise heaped onto `` Gladiator '' - even film critics I admire seem to believe that it represents the second coming of epic filmmaking . I could not disagree more - `` Gladiator '' is a terrible movie , a lumbering dunce of a film parading around like the next `` Ben Hur . '' Russell Crowe is appropriately sinewy as Maximus and Richard Harris makes a fine Marcus Aurelius -LRB- if he were from the British Isles , that is -RRB- , but everything else is so contrived as to be suffocating . Everything in the film is big and dumb and loud , and the producers apparently believed that an utterly abysmal script would be compensated by scenes of surprisingly dull , clanging combat , usually consisting of two armored men slinging swords around until somebody gets stabbed and falls over -LRB- and maybe a computer generated tiger is thrown in from time to time -RRB- . I would have expected more creativity from Ridley Scott , but `` Gladiator '' reminds me most of `` Braveheart '' - it desperately wants to be a great film , but it simply does n't have the script , talent , or purpose to be anything more than a glorified popcorn movie . I 'm absolutely amazed that everyone I know worships this film ... but to me , beneath Russell Crowe 's charisma , the mock historical lesson , and the earsplitting battle scenes , there is absolutely nothing of consequence .
 ` Gladiator ' pretends to be a great movie , but it did n't fool me . There not a single original idea in the entire film ; an outcast 's family is killed by the evil emperor , the outcast trains himself to get revenge , the outcast kills the emperor in the end . Has n't this story been told many many times before and with much better acting and storytelling ? I guess millions of other people were fooled because this movie won a bunch of awards and made millions .
 This is undoubtedly one of the worst movies of all time . I am totally shocked that Ridley Scott directed it , since he is one of my favorite directors -LRB- e.g. , Alien , Bladerunner -RRB- . ... Some of the moronic things about this horrible movie that drove me up a tree follow.The opening scene shows the Romans using something akin to napalm against their enemies . I thought napalm was invented by Dow Chemical in WWII ! The main character rides from Germany to the Mediterranean coast of Spain on a horse - in one day . Did you know that tigers live in Africa ? The Roman gladius -LRB- the sword they used -RRB- could not be used for hacking only for stabbing due to its fragility because of the metallurgy of that day . A Roman emperor entering the Colliseum to fight a gladiator ??? Sure . Reed gives a truly horrible and cadaverous -LRB- fittingly I guess since he died during production -RRB- performance . There are continuous nauseous flashback sequences of Crowe 's son that made me ill . There 's absolutely no evidence that Marcus Aureleus decided to make anyone other than Comodus emperor!Did I mention that the plot is totally boring and predictable , being a typical Hollywood formula with no surprises?The only good thing in this movie was the historically accurate reproduction of the Colliseum . I admit to being impressed with that.For the rest of the movie
 I have the DVD myself I bought from the store and does not come in the way this one did , it is very dark , can hardly make out what is going on , very hard to watch , not happy with it .
 How about this
 Honestly , it surpasses this flick by FAR .
 Garbage ! Leave it to these new hollywood directors and very bad actors to try to made a serious movie . I 'm sorry , but i found this movie very funny . It was totally unbelievable ! It should have been titled `` Hollywood goes to Rome . '' This was a joke ! If you want to see a great epic and if you can find it , get `` The sign of the Cross . '' It 's a very early talky but a wonderful story and great acting for it 's day . You think Hollywood would have learned something after all these years in the business . First and foremost Hollywood needs to get actors that can act and not talk with a New York accent .
 My buddy Beau and I went to see this movie a week after it opened . We had heard a lot of hype about the `` film '' and we were very excited about the potential orgiastic cinema experience that lay ahead ! Needless to say this is the cinematic equivalent of blue-balls . Never before have I left a theater with a feeling of such utter disapointment . I am still waiting to see the version that was screened for members of the academy , because the version I saw was about as Oscar-worthy as `` White Chicks '' . If you are looking for a truly great `` gladiator '' movie , buy the special edition of Conan the Barbarian . The commentary alone is worth the price , trust me .
 This movie could have been great . Russell Crowe is , despite the not so well written screenplay and mediocre plot , very convincing in his role , in fact he is the only one who makes a pretty good job in this movie - Phoenix was not bad . But that just because Russell Crowe in an excellent actor . The movie fails because it was bad told , and not well directed . You could n't identify nor share the characters feelings because of the large distance there seemed to be between them and the audience , and that 's where the director fails , in the telling of the story .
 Please people do n't buy this movie . I 'm not a picky movie guy but I did notice the difference between the regular scenes and the extended cut scenes . How could anyone at the movie studio say ` looks good to me . ' ?!?!?! I was invited to watch it with a local newspaper reviewer who said he knew of the issue before hand and , with out telling me that there are issues , asked me after the movie how I felt . I told him I think his TV is messed up or the disk is bad . He then told me what was wrong and it all snapped together.He saved me and many in St. Louis who read his review some money .
 I will not rehash all the explanations on the problems with the Gladiator Blu-ray - please read the other reviews for a technical explanation . Suffice it to say there is a `` new '' version that has been cleaned up and looks gorgeous and there is an `` old '' version that is junk . The old version was so bad that the studio recognized it and decided it needed to be corrected.But guess what , Amazon insists on clearing out their old stock and selling you the junk version . I ordered this last week and figured there is no way they would be doing this . But guess what , I WAS WRONG.Here 's a giveaway - on the cover of the case there is a mail in rebate that expired in JUNE 2010 !!! Absolutely pathetic showing by Amazon .
 The picture quality for this one is very poor . It 's a total mess . Universal just did an upscale of the DVD transfer creating artifacts , noise and blur over the picture . I really do n't know what they 're thinking with this one . This movie should have a re-release with a proper picture quality.Besides that , the movie deserves a better sound mix like the first DVD release.Shame on you Universal : -LRB-
 Honestly I thought the reviews on the blu-ray version were a bit harsh . But after seeing the HD version myself I can not fathom why anyone would fork over their hard earned cash for something so sub-par . Honestly , Ridley Scott HAD to have known about this . . or maybe he just does n't care about his products anymore ? The faces honestly look like something out of a wax museum . Yes , the arrows in the beginning are GONE . Facial close-ups resemble a painting . My Open Matte version is light years aheads of this drek . Please do not give in to such shoddy marksmanship . . whomever mastered this abomination should be fired immediately and replaced by an agent who knows what they are doing.Sad .
 Steer clear of this Blu-Ray title as it is a very bad transfer and is DVD quality and maybe not even that to some eyes .
 Well , Amazon did it to me too - the picture shows the remastered version and I ordered on that basis , but today what do I receive ? The original version . Sending it back today for a refund . BestBuy , here I come .
 So , whom was I supposed to be rooting for ? Russell Crowe 's character was essentially a killing machine , first as a tool for the expansionist Roman empire and then for a slave owner and blood-thirsty Romans . After the guy and his soldiers slaughter a bunch of overmatched barbarians , I 'm supposed to feel sympathy for him ? I mean , it would be like cheering for Gen. Custer after one of his rampages against Indians . This is kind of a problem with Ridley Scott movies -LRB- most of which I like -RRB- . You ca n't really get too involved with characters like Decker in Blade Runner or Sigourney Weaver 's character in Alien . But you can appreciate the special effects and cinematography . And you can do that with Gladiator . Which is good because you ca n't figure out some of the plot and you do n't really care . It 's also at least 30 minutes too long . I 've seen all five of the 2000 Best Picture nominees . This one was better than Chocolat . The other three , particularly Crouching Tiger , were far more worthy .
 Universal Home Video was responsible for this horrible contribution to the much lauded , premium `` Sapphire Series '' for Paramount 's Blu-ray division . According to Bill Hunt at The Digital Bits , they more than likely used an HD master from way back in 2000 for all theatrical footage and a newer HD transfer from 2005 for the extended scenes.Therefore , the 2005 material looks pretty good , though not as good as the best modern HD telecine work and definitely not as good as Braveheart -LRB- it received a fairly recent HD transfer -RRB- , with no trace of Edge Enhancement and only minor Digital Noise Reduction applied . In comparison , the 2000 transfer for the bulk of the film is a completely waxy , smeared mess devoid of fine detail with EE up the wazoo.Hopefully , pressure can be brought to bear towards Paramount and Universal and they will re-release this modern-day masterpiece with a brand new HD transfer devoid of all the various problems presented here , and issue an exchange as Sony did with The Fifth Element.You have been warned ! Avoid Gladiator at all costs and instead spend your money on Braveheart on Blu-ray instead . Of the two , it 's the only `` Sapphire '' title worthy of its name .
 The BLU RAY version is a mess . The flaming arrows disappear , the other details in the opening scene are destroyed due to improper use of noise reduction , the faces look as though waxed over , EXCEPT for SOME of the extended portions that were added to the theater version , which are okay and better than those portions in the original release shown in theaters . Appearantly , this movie done without re-creating a master version from using actual ENTIRE film . Cancel your pre-ORDER ASAP , and keep your regular DVDs as the upscaling standard DVD is MUCH better.Gladiator in blu ray a rip-off , and those resposnible should be fired . Maybe a class action lawsuit should be filed -LRB- however Braveheart is a good one in blu ray -RRB-
 I rented the early released copies of Gladiator and Braveheart on Blu-ray from my local video store and while Braveheart received top notch treatment in its transfer to Blu-ray , Gladiator did not . It looks like the studio applied a bit too much processing to the film . The film looks a tad bit to bright at times . Also , I immediately noticed very visible halos around the heads of the actors and edges of buildings in the film , indicating that the studio used a bit too much digital sharpening , i.e. edge enhancement , to make the picture look sharper than it probably was in the first place . I further noticed flashes of unnatural color here and there in the film . If there is an upside to the HD transfer of Gladiator it is the HD audio which is very good . Gladiator is a film deserving of a dynamic visual presentation in High Definition . It is a shame the studio did not produce a beautiful transfer , like they did for Braveheart , being that Gladiator is such a great film . It deserves better than this release . I would seriously recommend you rent this version of Gladiator before you decide to buy it .
 I 'm no expert on Digital Noise Reduction -LRB- DNR -RRB- and Edge Enhancement -LRB- EE -RRB- and how it affects Blu-ray picture quality , but even I know something 's seriously wrong when parts of the picture are * erased * . Compare the screenshots on the AVS Forum post : bit.ly / EkTmM -LRB- Amazon seems to screen out external links in reviews , so just copy and paste this into the address bar -RRB- Especially shocking to me -LRB- in terms of parts of the images being erased -RRB- are images 3 and 7 . If you compare one of the broadcast HDTV versions with the Blu-ray version , you 'll see that in image 3 -LRB- with the `` Germania '' caption -RRB- part of the spear on the left-hand side has been erased because the image-processing software thought that it should blend in with the tress in the background ... Even worse , in image 7 , I can count at least 15 flaming arrows that have been removed from the Blu-ray version , presumably because the software thought that they were scratches or imperfections that had to be removed . Also , if you look on the right of the image , part of the fireball has been erased by a blue splodge . You can see what it looks like by downloading the video clips linked from the second post -LRB- you 'll need a reasonably fast computer to play the 10-second 1080p clips and software such as VLC Media Player from videolan.org -RRB- . Gladiator is a fantastic movie and one of my favorites , but I would recommend sticking with the DVD until they release a version that does n't have parts of the images erased .
 This is an absolutely terrible transfer . It is ridden with edge enhancement -LRB- halos on contrasting edges -RRB- and severe noise reduction -LRB- smoothing the image to reduce film grain -- AND detail -RRB- . This is so severe that film elements such as arrows and spears in the battle at the beginning are not visible . It 's barely an upgrade over DVD , and simply not what a movie of this caliber deserves . It is extremely unfortunate that such an outstanding movie has been treated so poorly . Stick with the DVD and do n't buy this blu-ray disc .
 This edition of Gladiator on Blu-Ray is a joke . I 'm a huge fan of the film , and was really looking forward to this movie getting a picture quality overhaul . Instead , we are treated to an old transfer of the film , with a bunch of image processing slapped on . They tinkered with the picture so much that some of the scenes are actually missing details seen on the original DVD !!!!! Some of the flaming arrows are missing from the battle scene , every close-up shot of a character has a halo around the actor -LRB- due to a process they applied call Edge Enhancement -RRB- . These studios need to wake up , we do n't want the film altered ! We just want the cleanest conversion of a movie possible , even if that includes film grain!This is just really disappointing as one of the first Blu-Rays to be dubbed `` Sapphire Series '' . They need to fix this , or Sapphire will just become a joke .
 Checkout this comparison , when the mouse is off of the picture you see a picture of the HD broadcast version , when you move the mouse over you see the blu-ray version . Along with the arrows in the battle disappearing , due to over processing.h -LSB- ... -RSB-
 When I first saw the battle scene and heard the battle cry of the Germania barbarians , I had to replay that scene a couple of times to make sure of what I was hearing . I thought that somehow a soundtrack from another movie made in 1964 had been accidentally included with this film . The 1964 movie I 'm referring to is called `` Zulu '' and is based on an actual battle in January of 1879 between British troops and Zulu warriors in South Africa.So based upon this `` historically inaccurate '' event , what are we to deduce ? That the Zulu nation of 1879 used the same war cry as the Germanic tribes of 180 A.D. because they were somehow descendents and migrated from North Central Europe to South Africa?I wonder if the same people responsible for this gaffe had worked on `` Zulu '' , if they would have had the Zulu warriors yelling `` Banzai '' ? `` Gladiator '' was OK . I probably had preferred that Commodius had been dispatched as he actually had been from the historical point of view , and that Maximus had escaped , been reunited with his army and returned to Rome to battle Quintus and then found out he had been cheated out of his revenge with Commodius.Another point between `` Zulu '' and `` Gladiator '' - in 1964 there were no computer enhancements done for `` Zulu '' . What you saw was real , not digitally done to show the overwhelming force of Zulu warriors . Also the battle scenes were more `` stable '' ... shot in real time ... not done in 3 different speeds then spinning from here to there and back again .
 As mentioned by other reviewers the video transfer of the Blu-ray edition of Gladiator has been reduced to VHS quality and suggest anyone hire 's & views before buying but recommend all stay well clear -LRB- as this is a lemon -RRB- - if you absolutely must have it regardless of quality do so at your own risk . I 'm sticking with my DVD edition for now . For more detail on specifics of all the issues see the discussion on the AVS Forum & the review at The Digital Bits - looks like we will all have to wait a couple of years until the studio 's concerned with this release -LRB- Paramount & Universal -RRB- do a new edition and remaster the original without all the excessive DNR , EE , and such ! Compared to initial reports of Braveheart this Blu-ray release is clearly a disaster . : - -LRB-
 I agree with Roger Ebert , this -LSB- was terrible -RSB- ! I thought Crowe would be great , like he 's a great actor ! He -LSB- was n't -RSB- ! Pheonix had no depth like he did in Signs ! He showed no enthusiasm , he was dull and his character was in love with his sister , how dumb is that ? The sister was n't any help ! The hero was a gladiator , no problem there , only a dull gladiator , problem ! The only one I liked was the slave that helped out Maximus -LRB- Crowe -RRB- , he was pretty good ! And of course , I like Russel Crowe but he was bad in this movie , get another one of his , any other of his is better then this , ...
 I clicked on DVD , it brought me here , I was tired did n't pay attention and got the VHS , no one watches VHS why would they put gladiator on VHS ? best movie ever but craziest thing ever .
 Im sure there was nothing wrong with the company itself but the movie they shipped me , which was marked as `` good , '' did not play on three dvd players as well as an xbox and ps3
 The only things that saved this movie from mediocrity were the acting qualities of Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix as well as some of the excellent editing achieved in some of its scenes -- particularly the initial battle scenese with the Goths and in some of the gladiator scenes when in Rome . Otherwise a historically inaccurate depiction with set designs resembling Ceasars in Las Vegas than Rome in the distant past .
 If you love this movie , you must import German Blu-ray 's Gladiator 10th Anniversary Edition ! Excellent picture and sound quality and 2 disc set . Region code free for both discs ! and more special features !!! I imported Robin Hood Limited Steelbook from UK and it was not good ... Second disc was DVD and region 2 and PAL ... I could n't watch it ... But German remastered 2 Blu-ray set Gladiator 's great ! You can watch everything !!! You must check amazon.de now !!!!!
 Ugh . I consider this movie a total waste of time for anyone who has been to see more than 10 movies in their lifetime . That 's because anyone who might have , has seen every lame trick in this movie used again and again . I do n't know where to begin as the list would be too long.I prefer the real life action like Ultimate street brawls at least thats real.I liked Russell in LA Confidential and that 's about it . The mere thought of him having a Best Actor trophy makes me shudder.I mean , come on-all he had to do to prepare for this role was cut out 5 hours of sleep every night . His routine with the scowling and talking raspy got so old after the first half-hour , I still ask myself why I did n't leave the theatre at any point thereafter . My bad.I will give the movie credit for the few fightscenes that came across as very brutal and somewhat epic , but these moments are basically few and far between . Sets are pretty much flawless and the costumes are well done , both of which create total believability in the environments . Ok , enough with the compliments .
 Just what we need . Hollywood has outdone itself . A new low in bogus history and gratuitous ultra-violence . It appears that our kids have n't yet been fed enough ignorance and callousness to human life . Excellent technical production , very good acting , corny script , and criminal intent by our commissars of popular culture . In a more enlightened society , the purveyors of this poison would be dragged from their Rolls-Royces and shot .
 For the Gladiator enthusiast , this DVD set does it proud , supplying almost everything you could desire in a collector 's edition . It 's a pity that the movie itself does not deliver . The production values are gorgeous , but the storyline is so thin that its straightforward unfolding contains no surprises , and in essence the movie devotes its more than two hours of running time to a story of just three characters .
 The movie Gladiator was a very good movie ; right up to the last 20 minutes . Director Ridley Scott did a very good job at making a Rome , let 's not take anything away from him . But I must say that I did n't like the ending . I like history , and I do not like how Hollywood is re-wrirting history . First `` The Patriot '' , and now this . When people come out of the theater , they really think that Commodus was killed by a slave , general then slave sorry . Hollywood is filling people 's , espically kid 's , minds with flase information that they think is true . I mean , come on , where were the historacal adviors in these movies ?
 I did not buy this from Amazon.com but I must say that this DVD is defective . I have already gone through 2 of them and they have severe video problems . It was n't my DVD players fault . I would n't suggest buying this until they recall them and fix them .
 A movie with stunning visuals and great action scenes . Does that really warrant all of the wet pants everyone seemed to have after watching this movie ? By such a standard , ` Men In Black ' could at least have scored a Best Supporting Actor . `` Epic '' it is not . The tendentious movie reviewers of this country are all about as laughable as Columbia Pictures ' `` David Manning . `` Apart from the great effects and visuals , and well-planned arena scenes , the laughable factor is greatly increased by how seriously the movie takes itself to be . The most boring , two-dimensional dialogue keeps happening over and over . Whiny-pants Russell Crowe 's monotonally incessant , `` I do n't want to be a slave anymore , '' spiel is constantly shoved down our throats in lieu of any content ; it is certainly no `` CINQUE MAKE FREE ! '' Crowe 's glottal delivery is strangely reminiscent of the manic-depressive Marvin the Paranoid Android from the ` Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . ` The interaction between Crowe and the princess is so hammy one 's fast-forward finger just begins to itch out of embarrassment . The loopy emperor-guy is so evil , and so pale you 're thrilled when his purple-clad guard comes stomping in so that there is something interesting to watch . The incest line is supposed to be creepy , but all it does is help convince everyone that THIS CREEPY MO ' IS GOING DOWN BLOODY-STYLE . If you want to see an exquisitely acted bad-guy , watch John Huston in ` Chinatown ; ' your skin will crawl.As is this review , the movie went on for far too long for the completely tragic , touching , and poignant -LRB- blandly inevitable -RRB- ending it produced . I 'll let you in on a secret
 Ridley Scott 's made TV commercials before feature films . I never saw that style in his films -LRB- Alien , Blade Runner -RRB- before . In commercials there is not time to develop an idea so commercial makers get you aroused with style rather than substance . So it is with Gladiator . The fight scenes are exciting but meaningless . I could n't really tell what was going on but it was exciting . Some of the transitions reminded me of a car ad . The dialog was not good . There was no economy in developing the characters so the movie is 20 minutes too long . If you want to see a great spectacle then rent Ben Hur .
 This was a good action flick , and all the fights and battles are great . Russel Crowe does a great job and deserves praise . But the movie does n't flow logically . The reasons Crowe was made a slave are n't clear ... he 's crying at the death of his family , and a foot appears ... next he 's a slave . This coming from the man who has fought his way out of so many battles , including death in Germany when the current ruler was overthrown . There are several moments where I was n't sure why things were happening . That 's okay for an action flick , but I expect more from the Academy . Are we ready to throw plot development out the window when the action is good ? Man , I hope not ! By the way , the recreation of Rome was awesome , another plus for the movie . So why did I give it only two stars ? Well , to be honest , in protest over the Academy 's nomination ... not that the field was all that great this year ...
 I think Gladiator has to go down in cinema history as the worst movie ever to win any academy award -LRB- s -RRB- and yet , it got Best Picture.First , the historical research into the period depicted was nonexistent . The initial battle scenes were done incorrectly , according to my Roman military historian friends , and the armor and weapons were totally wrong . Simon Atherton has no excuse for this ; he could have consulted any number of reenactment groups in the UK for how to make Roman armor and weapons.Then , when the movie company moved to Malta , things went downhill from there and never recovered . I remember some discussion about the slave tunics not being hemmed ; they were made wrong in the first place , so it did not matter , anyway.The costumes , which to my surprise , won an academy award , were also equally incorrect for the period , turning the cast into just about the silliest bunch of clowns I have seen in a long time , especially Crowe in that rediculous silver helmet worn in the gladiator scene.However , sometimes a movie with bad background research can be redeamed by good acting . Gladiator has about the most wooden acting I have seen in a long time , but I ca n't blame Russell Crowe and other members of the cast , they had a terrible script to read . The plot line was nonexistent and went nowhere slowly , and the ending did not resolve anything except to strengthen my resolve to never to see a Ridley Scott film again.The only way this disaster could have won the awards it did was due to somebody who owed somebody favors and `` lets my people get together with your people and we 'll do lunch . `` The one thing that deserved an Academy Award were the computer graphics which did to a very nice job on restoring the Coliseum .
 This movie was okay , and maybe i should have given it at least a three , but what I am trying to stress is that this movie , while good , was totally filled with holes in its story that it was n't even funny . And Russel Crowe ' performance was -LSB- bad -RSB- ! The only good scene was when he was crying , with how he acted the rest of the movie , they probably had to zap him with a cattle prod for him to do it . The Academy made one of their worst mistakes this year . They gave Gladiator an oscar for Best picture , and it should have been given to Traffic . And Russell Crowe won the award for Best Actor instead of Ed Harris for Pollock ! -LRB- the Academy was probably making up for when they did n't give Crowe an Oscar for `` The Insider '' -RRB- Ed Harris was excellent in Pollock , the story of Jackson Pollock a painter who was really crazy , and had a pretty bad life . Traffic was so much better than Gladiator , it makes you wonder how the Academy sleeps at night . Traffic is about the war on drugs . I would tell you more about Traffic , but I want the film to intrigue you from beginning to end as it did me . While I am outraged at the Academy for their mistakes I realize that Academy Awards mean nothing , and it is really if you like the movie or not . So go see Pollock , The Insider , or Traffic . They are excellent movies . Do n't waste your money on this garbage .
 I went into this film with and open mind and a sense of excitement . I left however , bored and baffeled . Bored because the plot of this movie was ridiculus and insulting , but above all dull and cliche . How many times am i going to see this movie ? Correct me if i am wrong but `` man of power runs into bully king , becomes slave , rises back to prominence via ancient athletics '' is that not the plot of Ben Hur.That was a dull movie but more compelling due to Chuck `` Gunrack on my golfcart '' Heston 's 4 facial expressions as oposed to Mr Crowe 's 2 . Yes I said two , along with his time tested `` angry '' face good old Rus dusted off his brand new -LRB- what I like to call -RRB- `` Brooding '' face . If a man does n't deserve an Oscar for being slightly less expressive than Mr Potato Head , then I do n't know what he 'd have to do . Another problem with this movie is that nobody had a conversation . Every charactor belted out a series of monologues in an apearent attempt to be powerful and moving . I guess i am old fassioned but when i watch and epic I expect a moving story , great acting -LRB- or over the top acting from Chuck -RRB- , and movie style dialoge not this Stoner Shakespere meets Sparticus Vs Ben Hur movie i was unwittingly subjected to . ps this movie was n't very good
 What is all the hype about this movie . After 30 minutes I was so bored that I turned it off and watched Battlefield Earth , good movie BTW . The video quality is awesome , the sound quality is ok . This movie is too predictable . Too much time was spent getting a million different shots on the battle seens . This is one of the worst movies I have ever watched in whole or in part .
 I bet it 's a great movie , but it wo n't play on my new Asus DVD ROM drive which other DVD 's I 've rented play on just fine . This uses some `` PC Friendly '' branded software front end that my DVD could n't negotiate , it did not see a disc in the drive . I 'm looking for technical info to explain this problem so I can avoid renting or buying such DVD 's in the future .
 this movie totally sucked -- someone else agreed on here so i ` m not alone -- the dialogue the plot everything is ridiculous but i agree too - all the hype had me expecting something great -- not one scene was any good and nothing that even approached that chariot scene from ben hur and that was made a million years ago -- nothing was convincing or beleivable or exciting or anything -- hated it ! rip off !
 Why not issue the extended edition -LRB- 177 minutes -RRB- in a set with the theatrical release ? A rip-off , as is so common .
 I have been of the opinion that Ridley Scott is an opportunist with no originality . While Braveheart itself fabricates history , it is not without some enthusiastic immitators . Ridley Scott evidently took the Braveheart forumla to heart , and his attempt to clone it is the flick Gladiator.I realize it 's a matter of personal taste , but the choice of Crowe as the leading character is a poor one . There 's always something filthy and unseemly that comes through Crowe . I ca n't put my finger on it , but it 's a persistent problem with Crowe as far as I am concerned.Now back to Scott . His latest venture , Kingdom of Heaven , again follows the Braveheart formula , and exploits the hatred towards Islam in the West . An opportunist he is .
 This movie was boring and too long . I whatched it with high hopes because all of my friends told me that it was great , but when I whatched it , i could n't stand it ! Was it just me ?! StayAway from this mess .
 They lost me when they gave this one the `` Best Picture . '' I disliked it so much , when my video store would n't buy it from me , I left it on the counter and offered it to the first person who was willing to pick it up . There 's much better out there , and although the cinematography is fantastic , I would n't want to wade my way through this movie again , unless I was fast asleep .
 Unbelievable!Gladiator was the film that I was looking forward to the most when I got into `` High Def '' . Ironically after waiting for Gladiator to be released in High Definition , now that I have see seen this `` blu-ray '' , I AM STILL WAITING FOR GLADIATOR TO BE RELEASED IN HIGH DEFINITION ! I do n't know if this transfer was meant as a joke or not , but after watching the blu-ray and DVD side by side , the difference is so minimal that it is really making me rethink any catalog repurchase on Blu .
 After watching this Blu ray , I have to agree with many of the other people complaining about the transfer . Although it was a little bit better than I expected , I too often found myself pulled out of the experience of the movie by distracting artifacts or what looks like excessive digital processing . It 's sad because many shots look good , and the colors definitely `` pop '' more than on the DVD , but more of the movie looks like I 'm watching it on TNT HD or even DVD . At least the audio is a steup up , although why did n't they go for 6.1 or 7.1 ? This was supposed to be Paramounts `` Sapphire Series '' . If this is what they have in mind , I 'm not buying next time.I also watched `` Braveheart '' , also part of the Sapphire Series , which has a beautiful transfer on Blu ray . It 's a shame when you think that `` Gladiator '' could 've looked like that , too . Winner of 5 Academy Awards , and less than 10 years old , and this is the best they can do?I 'm just glad I got Gladiator on sale , and I also get a rebate for being an owner of the DVD version . If I was anyone else , I 'd wait for the price to drop below $ 14.99 . Paramount should reissue this movie with a new transfer for Blu ray .
 The Blu-Ray release has filtering and over processing in the image . It looks terrible ! Do not buy .
 Well , I like this movie as much as my fellow neighbour and has waited for this a long time , because it is one of the most sought after mainstream movies , that would deliver a stunning picture and awesome sound . In Ridley Scott we trust , right?But would is not would , but could ! The blu-ray release here , is defect!It has been processed by software that automatically removes fast moving objects . In the intro scene , a lot of arrows are missing flying in the air . The fireballs are distorted . Movements are distorted.That 's not all . The picture has boosted sharpness resulting in edge enhancement , halos around objects , making the scenes artificial looking . There are introduced digital noise reduction , that smoothers details in skin , textures , organic objects . You like wax faces , then by all means , buy.That 's not all . The extended cut scenes are fault free . So watching the extended cut , you will have the theatrical and extended cut scenes , mixed in , making the viewing seems like an even greater travesty.I can not recommend this release to anyone . I watched this on a 104 '' screen and I would prefer to watch the DVD in upscaled form instead . The Braveheart title , also available on the Sapphire label is stunning . Really beautiful , but this one ... do n't buy ! It IS defect and Paramount have to strike a new master and redo this .
 Checkout this comparison , when the mouse is off of the picture you see a picture of the HD broadcast version , when you move the mouse over you see the blu-ray version . Along with the arrows in the battle disappearing , due to over processing.h -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Gladiator is a movie that I 've eagerly anticipated on Blu-Ray for quite some time . That excitement has now been quashed . I 've looked at comparison screen shots over at AVS Forum , and the overemphasis of DNR and edge enhancement on the picture is shocking . I will not support studios who charge top dollar and deliver sub-par quality .
 I ordered Gladiator this week hoping for the new version per other discussions & reviews . Unfortunately , Amazon is still sending out the old version at least in my case . I called Paramount Home Entertainment -LRB- 888-889-9456 -RRB- and they verified my copy I rec 'd on Aug. 10 was the old version . They also indicated the old version had been pulled & discontinued . Verification was done by asking two questions
 Unfortunately this blu-ray is way under par.They have used an old master , which they have DNR :d -LRB- filtered -RRB- and then tried to sharpen artificially.The result is astonishingly bad.No resemblance to the blu-ray of Braveheart , which looks extremely good !! Unfortunately so , since this is one of my favorite films.Even if its ' hard to resist - do n't buy it . You 'll thank me later.Sapphire series - what a joke !
 We do n't want an old master . We already own that version on DVD . The only reason we buy it again is to see a glorious new HD remaster , which has not been provided . Fail .
 The most overrated and disappointing movie in years . Cheesy special effects , lurid overracting , ponderous , cliche-filled story . I have rewatched it several times , thinking , `` It ca n't be that bad . I must have missed something . There must be more to it . '' Well , it is that bad , I did n't miss anything , and there 's nothing mroe to it than that .
 I thought `` Gladiator '' was remarkably uncompelling . The much ado about its CGI effects only made everyone think virtually every scene was computer generated . The effects themselves look totally unreal and strangely prototypical , as if they had n't quite figured it all out yet . And the DVD is reverently packaged like everyone involved was confident they 'd made a masterpiece . They did n't . And the last shot of Russell Crowe walking toward his wife and son reminded me uncomfortably of that idiotic walk into the clouds at the end of another preposterous Roman epic , ` The Robe . ' Kubrick 's ` Spartacus ' is nearly 40 years old , but it 's infinitely more advanced than ` Gladiator . '
 More recently , the critics took aim and fired collectively at Michael Bay 's Pearl Harbor . One of the criticisms was the film 's -LRB- alleged -RRB- lack of attention to historical fact . Indeed , Michael Bay took some liberties with Pearl Harbor . He altered history.With Gladiator , history was not altered , but put through a paper shredder and completely re-written . Early in the film , the audience is asked to go along with the most ludicrous of propositions . It goes like this.Caesar , -LRB- played by Richard Harris -RRB- is weary of war and conquest . He would like to die knowing that Rome will be reformed . Thus , he makes known his desire to make Marcus Aurelius , -LRB- played by Russell Crowe -RRB- the new Emperor . He would rather have a soldier be Emporer than his own son . Why ? Because he wants to give power `` back to the people . `` Anyone who knows anything about Roman history ought to be ashamed for swallowing this whopper . The real Caesar did n't give a rat 's behind about giving power to the people . One has to get past this ludicrous idea from the get go , or spend the rest of the movie scratching his head.And the battle scenes ? Well they are so obviously computer animated , I felt l as though I was watching Rogger Rabbit vs. Ben Hur.And what 's more , the basic plot seems stolen straight from the Mad Max movies and placed in an Acient Roman setting . The hero 's family is murdered , and so our hero must rise up against seemingly unstoppable forces to get revenge . Sound familiar?I can agree that Russell Crowe is a fine actor , as are the other players in this film . But I do n't understand how that excuses all of the other flaws.Even still , lots of folks out there liked it , so I guess its just a matter of taste . Check it out , but be ready to seriously suspend your disbelief .
 This movie won best picture at the Oscars and I was n't at all surprised , as the Acadamy tends to NOT award the best picture of the year with the honor . A lot of people loved this movie and it 's easy to see why
 I went to see Gladiator knowing that it would n't be historically accurate but expecting at least a good movie . Unfortunately , the movie dragged . If it had been shorter/tightened up it would have been better . The biggest surprise and disappointment was the bad visual effects . The transitions between computer-generated images and live action were obvious and sloppy . It would have been easier to forgive the freedom with historical fact if the overall effect was better . All-in-all , I was very disappointed with the quality of the movie . Russel Crowe did a good job , as did several other actors , but they could n't save Gladiator from mediocrity .
 Tried to watch it on both my xbox360 and dvd player to find that its some cheap copy that wont even work . Very disappointed .
 Before I could write this review , I had to view Gladiator a second time to be sure I was being fair to the movie . In all honesty , this is a slick production and the DVD was excellent . Unfortunately the story was so lame and the acting so weak that the best I could rate it was 2 stars , primarily for the quality of the picture and the extras.The characters are one-dimensional -LRB- which is not a pan on any of the actors , you can only perform what 's written -RRB- . The story is worse than weak , it is not believable . At least in Ben Hur , there is an explanation as to how the character becomes a galley slave and then later wins his freedom . In Gladiator , Rome 's greatest general becomes a slave , then a gladiator who later fights in Rome and no one wonders what happened to him and why the transformation.If you want to view a great `` Gladiator '' DVD , check out Spartacus , it does n't have nearly as much action but the story has some substance and the characters are much better acted . If you are interested in a period piece , I would suggest Ben Hur.I have only bought two DVDs without seeing the movie first . Gladiator is one of the two and I am now firmly convinced that I will never purchase another DVD without seeing it first . What a total waste of money and time .
 If you have the packaging with the white -LRB- as opposed to yellow -RRB- bar code background , you probably have the defective disc.You need to mail disc one to : PHE MKTC/O DELUXE MEDIA MANAGEMENTPO BOX 801464VALENCIA CA 91380-1464Their phone number is 1.888.889.9456 They will send you a free replacement disc within two weeks .
 I fully concur with the other reviews here of the Blu-ray release of this film . Outstanding move , atrocious picture quality.But there 's hope ... Paramount has just announced the release of a newly re-mastered version and an exchange program for those duped into buying this version . Call this number to arrange for your replacement disk
 Agree with other reviews - the disc is a mess and no better than DVD - in fact with DNR and EE on blue ray - the processing shows up even more!A disasterWhat were they thinking?Paramount , please do this right and remaster the movie for true 1080P - no processing is fine ; film grain is fine - just give us all of the detailDo not buy !
 As universially popular as this movie is , I am apparently a closet case . I hated this movie . The saving grace is Joaquin Phoenix . Now although I understand in the world of internet reviewers , my assessment means squat , but I think I need to get this off my chest.Gladiator is an over-hyped money machine that happened to be released in a down year for Oscar worthy contenders . The huge reason why is because it is nothing more than the merger of Spartacus , Ben-Hur , with some Braveheart sprinkled in for good measure . There is even a scene in which a `` teacher '' paints a would-be gladiator with different colored paints to show the different kill areas of a body while in combat - an alomst exact copy of Spartacus . I do n't understand what the appeal is to this movie , except that those other movies have been long since forgotten and this can be viewed as a `` fresh epic . `` Another overrated aspect of this film , aside from the film itself , is Russell Crowe . While I admired his work a year later in A Beautiful Mind , he did n't show me anything Kirk Douglas could n't do . Oscar voters were floored by his ability to look angry and mumble lines and swing a sword . Tom Hanks , who also was nominated that year for Cast Away , had to lose 70 punds , grow a 2 foot long beard and carry a movie by himself for 75 minutes , but Crowe 's ablilty to kill people was one of the greatest acting jobs ever ! I 'm being sarcastic , by the way . Phoenix , who plays the villian , is the one who wowed me . He appeared to actually loate Crowe , as I 'm sure people do when Russell goes to a bar at night and starts beating them up.I 'm not a fan of Spartacus either , but rent that instead of over-rated hype machine of 2001 , otherwise known as Gladiator .
 With over a thousand reviews here already , my opinion is not going to count for much , but I have to say this . I strongly believe that the tremendous success of this movie at the box office and the awards is tragic testimony to how the art of film-making has declined from story-telling to mere sensory stimulation.Consider
 I must admit that I really liked this movie the first time I saw it on the big screen . I liked it so much that I saw it again . I bought the DVD when it was released way back when . I popped the DVD in the other day to watch it again and I could not watch more than 20 minutes of it.The opening battle scene is impressive and exciting along with the excellent score . But the dialogue was too much -LRB- or too little -RRB- -- corny , pretentious , SHALLOW , and outright ridiculous . Every word that Maximus says is sooo politically correct and he 's so gooder than good . Every line that Commodus utters is so nefarious -LRB- in the shallowest of ways -RRB- and he 's presented as the epitome of evil . But the character development does n't cut it -- like the 95 % of all movies made today . Watch the movie . These guys sit around and try to say the most meaningful and insightful things in as few lines as possible . But it does n't mean anything . The scenes involving the two senators talking about the games and any conversation between Commodus and Lucilla are perfect examples . They try to pass these conversations off as deep and revealing , but they make me gag over how stupid they are . I noticed these things when I watched it the first time , but I overlooked them because I wanted to enjoy the movie and not critique it too much . I ca n't do that anymore . It 's not in my nature.The special effects are so overdone . They 're impressive in the fakest sense . I watched Spartacus again before I watched Gladiator again , and there is no comparison . Gladiator ripped off so much from Spartacus , but the result is so cheesey . Spartacus took its time to develop the characters while Gladiator just introduced some traits and assumed that the audience would accept the rest -- I do n't think so . Spartacus is complex and straightforward at the same time . Lawrence Olivier , Kirk Douglas , Peter Ustinov , Jean Simmons , and the rest of the cast were excellent . There were good good guys , mean good guys , so-so guys that were both good and bad -LRB- Peter Ustinov 's Batiatus -RRB- , and bad guys that were still somewhat good if you understood them -LRB- Lawrence Olivier 's Crassus -RRB- . I could go on and on . Watch the movie . The end scene between Olivier and Simmons is worth the price alone -- beautiful acting and moving drama . Then watch Gladiator -- MERCY !
 The movie Gladiator -LRB- Sapphire Series -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- gives error `` THIS PLAYER IS INCOMPATIBLE WITH REGION MARKING OF THIS DISK '' while playing on Sony BDP-S380 . It works perfectly on my laptop 's blu ray disc drive . The picture quality is good but the audio is just okay . NOT WORTH THE ENTHUSIASM.All other bluray movies play perfectly on Sony BDP-S380 . Only this particular movie is showing error.BPD firmware is already updated through internet . I have requested sony to deploy new updated firmware to solve this problem .
 After purchasing the Avatar blu-ray/standard dvd set , I will never buy another blu-ray until the studios get their act together vis-a-vis formats . The Avatar blu-ray ca n't play on any of my blu-ray players because the format is not compatible ! So now we have different formats of the blu-ray format ! How convoluted will this format become ! It was an expensive lesson to learn . If not for the included standard version , I would not have been able to view this film at all . Thank you very little , F ___ you very much - to all who were responsible for this marketing disaster !
 -LSB- I wrote this review some years ago under an anonymous account . I 'm resubmitting it so that it will show up under My Reviews , as it sums up what I think about a lot of modern movie-making . -RSB- I strongly believe that the tremendous success of this movie at the box office and the awards is tragic testimony to how the art of film-making has declined from storytelling to mere sensory stimulation . Consider
 I give it 1 star just because of the video quality ... my regular dvd copy looks better than the bluray version . . Gladiator is one of my favorites movies and i wanted to get the bluray version , but after getting it i noticed the qualitywas terrible . . please , wait for another edition for the bluray ... this one is horrible ...
 `` Gladiator '' tries so hard to become an epic of sorts . After all , Ridley Scott 's drama revives a genre long thought to be dead
 The original disc with all of its edge enhancement and plastic-looking skin tones was replaced this summer by Paramount . They posted an address where you could send disc one of the original blu-ray . After waiting four months and sending a couple of emails the end result is I 'm out the original blu-ray and never received the replacement disc . I will avoid Paramount discs in the future as the way they handled this entire exercise was a mess .
 After hearing all the hype about Gladiator , I was dissappointed to see it for myself -LRB- DVD version -RRB- . I was told that the fight scenes were good , and they were , but the rest of the movie is just filler . There is almost no plot whatsoever , and what little there is is so incredibly predictable it 's almost sad . The best part of the 2 disc DVD set is the real history of the gladitorial games on the second disc . Give this one a miss .
 Here 's the way I see it
 Personally , I have anticipated a LOT from this film , because of the director Ridley Scott as well as my favorite film composer Hans Zimmer who is a genius , as well as the cast , including a fine cast
 The hype surrounding Gladiator led me to believe that this would be an incredible movie . What it proved to be was a TYPICAL epic with the basic plot of every other epic ever made . The acting is done fine but was not superb by any means . Are n't we getting a little tired of revenge as the main theme for movies ? It 's time to expand our minds . Movies such as Traffic accomplished this goal . It was an original film . Gladiator won because it had `` cool battle scenes '' which were not the greatest ever made . They were poorly designed and the speciall effects were not as well thought out as the special effects in Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon . Gladiator proved to be typical in many respects . The plot was obvious to begin with . It 's heartwrenching that his family was murdered but give me a break . Let 's talk about ultimate movie cliche . My family was killed , I must avenge their death . Gladiator follows the Last of the Mohicans pretty well , differing only in the time period it takes place . The Academy needs to become more true to the nature of their awards . The BEST movie of the year should be chosen , not the most typical .
 VHS ? Of course I 'm kidding -LRB- but not that far off -RRB- . I know nothing about all the technical bruha about this transfer and that transfer and this quality and that quality . But it does n't take a technophile to see how bad it looks does it ? Just got my copy in the mail today . I ignored all the hate mail and bought it anyway as I love the movie . Do n't we all . Ummm , yeah it 's bad . Kinda off putting . I can see the Dreamworks Execs foaming at the mouth . Fortunately I live in Japan and Blu-rays here are $ 40 ~ $ 50 a pop so I can sell it again and get my money back . Too bad though as I really love the movie . I like these Amazon forums . Very helpful for my next purchase . 2001 is in the mail . Hope its good .
 I have seen both Gladiator and Braveheart on blu-ray as of street date Sep 2 . I watched Braveheart first and was pleased with the natural film like quality of the transfer and the amazing level of detail , kudos on Braveheart ! Gladiator , on the other hand , was a disappointment in all areas . When the level of detail is taken to this extreme with DNR and EE it results in a very artificial and harsh picture . This is the case with Gladiator . So extreme is the `` scrubbing '' of this film that actual parts of the movie are missing , as reported . This is unacceptable . Any QC could have easily spotted this before production . To make matters worse , this is part of their `` Sapphire series '' which apparently means ... we dont care , just give us your money you idiots . Not me ... not a chance . Not until this is is re-issued and confirmed . Shame on you Universal and Paramount .
 Most reviewers seem to point out the edge enhancement -LRB- EE -RRB- and noise reduction as the primary issues with this Blu-ray release of this modern historical epic that has become a classic . After viewing , I 've concluded that may not be the entire story . It looks to me like the source film scan may have been lower resolution , perhaps coming from a previous DVD release . The aim of the EE , which is an unsharp mask filter , is to increase visual acuity , or the perceived resolution . This is okay when there is resolution there to enhance , but the film does not seem to have the resolution you 'd expect from high bitrate HD , and appeared more like up sampled DVD . Throw on top of that noise reduction , which can destroy details in the process of hiding noise , and you have a heavily compromised image . In addition , the colors and contrast were not very ` punchy ' . Overall the image seemed muted and stale , I 've seem better HD images on Comcast.My playback set-up is a Mitsubishi 73 '' DLP on PC with the best available hardware and software . It could be that I 've become spoiled by modern releases such as The Dark Knight and Transformers 2 , both of which look absolutely jaw dropping on a DLP . But I do n't believe that 's the answer because I 've seen much older films released on Blu-ray that look excellent , Goodfellas for example -LRB- on HD-DVD -RRB- . Additionally , the sound track seemed heavily compressed on my 2-channel set-up . I 'd describe the sound as ` dead ' . The dialog was muddy and the LFE track was nonexistent.The only redeeming quality of this release is the film itself , which was just as superb as I remembered it . This was the first time I 've seen the extra scenes . I felt they changed the flow of the film and compromised the plot on several points . The scene where Commodus takes a sword to a marble sculpture of his father Marcus Aurelius stood out for me . This emotional outburst showed commodious as even more physiologically weak than I remember , nearly to the point where he is sympathetic . Another scene that stood out was the execution of two Praetorian guardsman when Commodus manipulates General Quintus into giving the execution order in spite of his pleas to spare the accused traitors . This scene changed my perception of Quintis . Why did he suddenly decide to support his former friend Maximus in the final scene where Maximus fights Commodus when he could have over thrown him on several previous occasions ? Who does Quintis really stand behind ? Is he a moral character ; or merely a soldier following orders ? Does he fight for Rome , or does he fight for the emperor ? Overall , I understand why these scenes were cut in the interest of time for an already lengthy film . They do fill in some holes and add some interesting details to the film and were worth watching , but subtract from the plot as much as they add.In summary , do n't buy this Blu-ray release . If you 're a big fan of the film , and want to see it on Blu-ray , I would recommend renting this and buying a later release that will hopefully be much better .
 Note that this is a review for the Blu Ray release of Gladiator -LRB- Sapphire -RRB- , NOT the movie itself . Watched it over the weekend having picked it up a few weeks ago when it was on sale at amazon . The negative press this release has been getting is WELL DESERVED . I am not exaggerating in the least when I say the video looks like a 480 source scaled to 1080 resolution with overly aggressive sharpening and digital filtering . Edges look enhanced and fine details get blurred over throughout , all of which takes away from the viewing experience . In my opinion , it is marginally better than the Extended Edition DVD scaled on my Toshiba HD-XA2 , and nowhere near the quality that the Blu Ray medium is capable of . My recommendation would be to stay away from this release unless you absolutely must watch it in `` high definition '' today .
 Somewhere in Ridley Scott 's grandly engineered epic , hammered on and tinkered with by a horde of writers and rewriters , is a flesh-and-blood story that gets lost in all the bread and circuses.Crowe plays Maximus , the most-trusted general serving the aging Caesar Marcus Aurelius -LRB- Richard Harris -RRB- , leading troops into battle against Germania in 180 A.D. . But Marcus Aurelius wants Maximus to fight a tougher opponent -- the corruption of Rome -- by taking power after the emperor 's death and restoring the republic . Maximus is reluctant , preferring to return to his wife and son , but he agrees to serve his Caesar . But his Caesar does n't last too long , thanks to Marcus Aurelius ' snotty son Commodus -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- , who kills Daddy and takes the throne - and orders Maximus and his family executed . Maximus escapes , only to be captured by slave traders who train him as a gladiator . Maximus gets a chance at revenge on Commodus when his owner/promoter , Don King , er , Proximo -LRB- Oliver Reed -RRB- , gets Maximus the big gig at the original Caesar 's Palace - the Colosseum . Maximus is a hit with the crowd , setting him against Commodus in a battle for the hearts and minds of Rome.Gladiator is pretty to watch but does n't have enough plot to be a Roman epic -LRB- and what plot it has is pinched from Stanley Kubrick 's Spartacus -RRB- , and too much plot to be an action movie -LRB- even with the 2-1/2 hour running time -RRB- . A few things get muddled in the course of things , like the relationship between Commodus ' sister Lucilla -LRB- Connie Nielsen -RRB- and Maximus -LRB- or , Lucilla 's relationship with Commodus -RRB- , and some intrigue with the Senate -LRB- led by Derek Jacobi , who knows his way around a toga after starring in `` I , Claudius '' -RRB- . Also , there is the distraction of Phoenix , who plays Roman villainy like a very weak John Malkovich.As far as the DVD itself goes - It 's awesome - Better than the movie itself . Presented in an anamorphic 2.35:1 transfer , the visual presentation found on the Gladiator
 This is one of the worst movies to come out in years . The history is appallingly bad . It 's down right offensive to anyone who knows anything at all about the Roman Empire . The costumes -LRB- which won an Oscar ! -RRB- are even worse -LRB- note that the emperor 's sister is wearing a Victorian corset , complete with busk , over a sari in one scene ! -RRB- . It 's criminal that Hollywood gets away with such travesties , and is rewarded with praise and adulation for them , especially when these so called `` historical '' movies end up in our children 's classrooms as study aids . Why ca n't the entertainment industry spend the extra five minutes to check their history , or hire a consultant ? The ONLY reason to see this film is if you 're a die-hard Russell Crowe fan -LRB- and even then in falls into the same group as the quick and the dead
 The one star is for Scotts use of that much film without losing his guild card . The pacing of this movie , with the exception of several fight scenes , is leaden . Regardless of what is happening , everyone moves at the same slow pace . Even when the bad guys are hot on the trail , the good guys just sleepwalk through another scene . This might be because this 2.5 hr movie only has 1.25 hrs of plot . Even with all this extra time , nobody thought to add a little dialogue to clean up all the loose ends . For example , after the early battle , he says he wants to go home to his farm & family . If he had said his farm was in Spain -LRB- easily done -RRB- then it would make sense that he was called the Spaniard when he was a slave . This is just one of many examples of this films many failures.Save your money or buy some porn . The dialogue is almost as good and the acting is better .
 Thus the combatants would have spoken had the Games forced them not to engage in combat mortal but to a much more terrifying fate
 It is a great action movie . Keyword there is action . Best picture is supposed to be a drama , and Gladiator is far from and excellent drama . In fact all the dramatic scenes were pretty bogus . I cant even believe people voted Gladiator the best-best picture of all time . Gladiator should never have won best picture . If action movies won at the oscars than why has n't Arnold won an oscar . Arnold 's action beats Ridley Scott 's any day . Another epic by another Aussie is 6 thousand times better
 In an interview prior to this film 's release , Russell Crowe disclosed that when asked to read the script he found it to be only ' 70 % ' complete - a friend of his advised him to do the film anyway , on the strength of Ridley Scott 's past record . Some 8 months later , with the shooting about to begin , Crowe looked at the script again , and much of it had been discarded , leaving only about 30 % intact . Somewhat apprehensive , Crowe took his concerns to Scott , who consoled him with a confident , ` We 'll make it up as we go along ' , or words to that effect . This attitude betrays the cynicism with which Hollywood treats its own products and , in particular , its screenwriters . If the budget allocated for , say , the rather fake looking CGI tigers had been allocated to script development , then -LRB- who knows -RRB- a good movie might have been created . Instead we have this . The deficiencies of story not withstanding , it was surpising to see the film fail on many technical levels . Firstly , the editing deserves to be singled out for special condemnation . Clumsy abrupt cuts , gratuitous effects , poorly compiled battle and fight sequences
 I must have seen some kind of `` director 's cut '' of Gladiator ; that 's the only way that I can explain the fact that everyone seems to like , or at least to tolerate , this complete waste of film stock.I 've rarely seen a movie with a real budget that was more poorly written . Every line made me wince . And the historical inaccuracies are so widespread that it 's really not possible to talk in any meaningful sense about this movie being a tale of ancient Rome.You 'll probably like it , though -- everyone else seems to .
 poorly directed , written , acted , photographed , designed , edited . everything about this movie is from a technical and entertainment standpoint very BAD . it 's totally muddled , one-sided , ridiculous , inaccurate , and silly . avoid at all costs
 When I heard this film won best picture , I was shocked . Okay , maybe I was n't ... but I was appalled . This movie is NOT GOOD ! There are some great actors in Gladiator ... but what a waste of talent . The plot is so hackneyed and Hollywood , and call me female , but I do n't find prisoners being hacked to bits entertaining . He 's forced to be a Gladiator , so he decides to be the best darn gladiator there ever was ... Yeah ! Does n't that fill your heart with a warm , rosy glow ?? UH , NO !! And the emperor getting down there to fight with him ... that was the last straw ... even Caligula would 've called that crazy . If we 're cheering when people are being slaughtered , I do n't see how we 're any better than the ancient Romans . Sure , it 's a movie , but to find it entertaining ...
 I got a laugh watching this movie times simply because the actors did n't even attempt to hide their true accents or try sounding Roman . And if you watch the fight scene that includes Tigers , you can see the Tigers lying down -LRB- and sleeping -RRB- in the background . I doubt that this was intentional humor.Overall , the movie was kind of a blur for the action scenes then slow and plodding during the drama . I predicted the final outcome 20 mins into the movie and was sadly correct . The script just did n't have any life to it.On the positive side , Russell Crowe has a great voice and the non-incestuous sister was very attractive . Although the computer animation was obvious , it was impressive to see Rome in all it 's glory.Rent before you buy may be my best advice on this one .
 Maybe it was all the hype this movie received but I can not remember a movie that was worse than this one . I had to turn it off half way through to take a break before returning to the tripe . I was hoping that somewhere along the line it would get better . The only saving grace of this movie was Joaquin Phoenix . Russel Crowe 's could n't act his way out of a wet paper bag . Only epic movie I have seen where I actually was hoping someone would kill the `` hero '' and put me out of my misery . With all the money that was spent on the movie I would have thought the computer generation would have at least been good , but even that was poor - the scene with the tigers was comical . As for the historical inaccuracies , using archers or saddles is minor , but a complete distortion of historical fact takes creative license too far . Did Scott bother to read any Roman hisory at all ? First Aurelius - what the hell was Richard Harris doing in this movie - was not killed by his son Commodus , Aurelius had made Commodus co-emperor several years before he died , Commodus had his sister Lucilla executed after a failed assination attempt , and Commodus was strangled while taking a bath after a failed poisoning attempt by his mistress . The most amusing thing about the film was that with all the British , Irish , and Australian accents I started to think that the British Empire started long before it actually did . Overall , a thoroughly terrible movie . How this movie can be nominated for Best Picture is beyond me . If you want to see a great movie of this type go rent Spartacus or Ben Hur .
 This movie lost all credibility , and me , after the first battle scene between the Romans and the Germans when the Germans were chanting in Zulu.I 'm pretty sure that whoever did the sound editing on this film was high when they inserted that little gem.It sounded great at Rourkes Drift * , but really stupid in the German forest.I assumed that from that point onward the film would go downhill accordingly ... and I was not disappointed . * The movie was `` Zulu '' with Michael Caine , Stanley Baker and Jack Hawkins .
 If I wanted accurately depicted history I would go back to school ... I found it be very entertaining , and have watched it several times ...
 Actually , I would like to give this movie a negative star rating . Ridley Scott basically raped the Roman Empire and put a modern socio-political spin on a time when there were n't even free elections . Seeing Maximus throw down his sword and shout , `` Are you not entertained ? '' at spectators of a gladiator fight had me screaming , `` Die next time ! '' Of course , Maximus had to be the adult , white male , accepting of all other colors , creeds , and genders -LRB- and he loves those innocent little kids -RRB- . Good stuff , for today to be sure , but that 's what makes this movie fiction and not historical fiction . It 's odd that this happy , feel good concept is juxtaposed to a dark , gloomy back drop and morose faces on characters . Scott was clearly trying really hard to say something , maybe even something important , which makes this bad movie all the more embarassing .
 I thoroughly HATED this movie . The fight scene with the tigers was visually spectacular , but that does n't make up for a drudgingly dull plot & awful acting from Russell Crowe . He Is , in my opinion , the single most over-rated actor in the last 20 years . He has gone above and beyond when it comes to OVER ACTING , none of his roles that I 've seen have been convincing OR entertaining . I am certainly not qualified to critisize an actor and nobody may find my review to be helpful , but I have to be honest in my opinions and mine is this
 I love this movie . It was one of the first PG-13 flicks to come out , so when I was a kid this was quite exciting . It had some action , some nudity and a snake-monster all rolled into a fun pseudo sci-fi package.Imagine my disgust and horror upon discovering that the DVD of the film had been edited for content ! Do n't believe me ? Compare it to the video or laser version . The comical sex dream scene at the beginning has been altered so that there are no breasts . There are also no children watching . This may not seem all that important to you , but I think that this silent trimming is quite insidious . The film is rated PG-13 after all , which means that parents should be cautious about showing it to younger kids . Why then must it be cut without telling us so on the package?To sum it up , I love the movie , but I hate this version . Hooray for Hollywood .
 I am disgusted that companies can market a movie as a blu ray which implies enhanced sound and picture only to provide you with an unaltered straight from DVD transfer . While the sound was on par with standard DVD audio the picture was horrible . The movie had all the little white static-like spots in every frame as if you were watching a high school reel projector movie . It was VHS quality visuals . Nothing is touched up visually from the original movie . The green screen scenes are obvious . And with barely 5 minutes of extras , most of which are still photos , this can hardly be considered a `` special edition '' of anything.Image Entertainment has made a name for themselves releasing IMAX and concert blu rays . Reviews of those discs have me scratching my head as to why they would release `` Dreamscape '' on blu ray at all when they enhance other films for the blu ray upgrade . It is apparent to me this movie came out to capitalize on the upcoming blu ray release of `` A Nightmare On Elm Street '' which shares some similar themes.Do not buy this blu ray . You can purchase the `` Special Edition '' DVD release here on amazon.com for $ 6.99 or this movie shows up in the Walmart $ 5 bin from time to time . There is no difference in the quality of the DVD and blu ray releases except for the price . Someone should prevent these companies from releasing `` fake '' blu rays at once . And amazon.com should pull this release from their site before someone else makes the same mistake I did and purchases this `` fake '' blu ray .
 The film has always been one of my favorites , but this new DVD version has edited out some of my favorite most memorable scenes!I really wish I had know this before I picked myself up a copy of this title ! I 'd have rather rented it just to see it again than own this terribly edited version of the film . Heck , you could tape it off of television and get this print of the film.I hope that some other company will release the real version of this film one day , as it stands , I really wish I could return this poor excuse for a release . I would love to complain to Image Entertainment about this release but after searchin all over the place , can not find a single email address or phone number on their site ! If anyone has any contact information for this purpose please contact me.The film in itself is one of my all-time favorites , the humor and horror , along with it 's sci-fi elements I 've always loved in this film . Back in the day when this was released along with the film Nightmare On Elm Street , the invading people 's dreams was a pretty new topic in film . Now it may have been overdone since , but this is a gem . It 's just too bad that this cut ruined one of my favorite funny scenes , and even lowered to blood content .
 i love this movie , however , for some reason , someone has decided to edit all of the romantic scenes , brief nudity , etc. from the dvd version . if that is n't bad enough , they do n't tell you that it has been altered from it 's original content . i bought this dvd thinking i was getting the original that i loved only to get a chopped up version . rotten deal !
 No movie censored for content deserves to be called a `` Special Edition '' . Recommend this as a possible rental , but not as a buy , even for the current price .
 I saw this during the eighties when it originally came out and thought it was terrific and scary . However , this movie does not hold up at all . It 's not just the technological advancements in special effects that makes this movie so dated , afterall movies like `` The Thing '' and `` The Exorcist '' came out before this . A scary movie is scary no matter when it came out . This movie is just silly . The president 's fear of nuclear war is treated so brazenly that it does n't hold up now that the Day After decade is over . The story is so brisk in the extreme nothing is giving time to develop . Only the ideas are presented and not explored . Quaid and Sydow are good but even they ca n't save this movie . The dialog is very stilted at parts . Christopher Plummer is just silly , not menacing . Tommy Ray is n't scary any more . The snake man looks so rubbery and stupid that I ca n't believe I was ever scared of it in the first place . They did a terrible job with it . The transformation effects are now laughable . They did n't have to be . Kate Capshaw is awful -LRB- she always was ; maybe that 's one of the reasons you do n't see her in much anymore now that she is married to Spielberg -RRB- . This is just not that strong a movie and time has not been kind to it . I thought it was great when I was 10 but it just is n't scary or fun . Awful music by Maurice Jarre . Not because it is an electronic eighties keyboard soundtrack like Jerry Goldsmith 's Runaway . No this is just bad and it sounds bad on this DVD . No themes develop and even the chase music is boring . Very weak . Similar genre movies from the eighties that hold up and you might want to check out instead
 Dreamscape has a great cast of actors and an interesting story , but the special effects are often cheesy and the production style is a little weak.In the hands of a better producer , this could have been a much better film . It looks a little cheap .
 The year is 1987 . Two couples are taken on a cruise in the South Pacific lead by Captain Macho -LRB- Manuel Fihman -RRB- a portly Hispanic who does not know port from starboard . They land on what appears to be a deserted island for sun , fun , and cocaine . The movie stars Amanda/Kitty Cole -LRB- co-writer and costume designer -RRB- and Suzi Lorraine , best known for her appearances in the soft core Misty Mundae movies.I was under the mistaken impression the movie would be about young couples frolicking on an island , then having to fight off cannibals and zombies . It is not . PLOT SPOILER The landing party dies in quick order , except for one girl . There is a needless flashback scene to add some time to make this movie 70 minutes . The rest of the movie was how our Ms. Cole tries to integrate with the tribe . The movie was short and misleading . It is a movie with zombies , but not a zombie movie . It is a movie with cannibals , but not a cannibal movie . The acting was above norm , but overall the film was fairly lame.F-bomb , sex , no nudity .
 By far one of the worst animes ever ! Minimal story line , old school animation , and unnecessary skankiness in the first part of the series .
 ok anime but was a little too absent minded with a Buffy the vampire style plot . the anime was also full of some mindless nudity that made this show a little more immature for adults . Not my best recommendation .
 When you watch it , it 's so unrealistic that you cant help your from laughing .
 I ca n't find anything good to say about this movie . The acting is poor ; the plot seems to have a mind of its own -LRB- like a 2-year-old 's -RRB- ; the fighting scenes are some of the worst I 've ever seen in a movie . They 're so unrealistic , it 's more like watching a cartoon . Dennis Rodman does seem to try , sometimes . Most of the time , he 's just trying , unsucessfully , to be cool . Half of the characters in this thing seem to be there for comic relief . Seriously , half of them . It 's that stupid . Do n't pay money to see this movie . And do n't EVEN consider buying it .
 While the film can be funny sometimes and it does have some decent action scenes . Dennis Rodman was okay in this film . Not great but pretty good . The plot is soo stupid as wacthing a John Cena match . The Cyber Monks & Dane Cook are soo annoying , you wish they were in a Final Destination film so they can get kill off right away . Overall , it 's ok if you are a Dennis Rodman fan . I give this film a 4 out of 10 .
 I watch this movie than gave it away or pawned it . Whatever . It 's a lame movie .
 ORDERED BEFORE JULY 4TH . STILL NOT RECEIVEDEMAILS NEVER ANSWEREDNO CREDIT GIVENI JUST WANT THE 2 DVD 'S I ORDERED
 Simon Sez is , more than anything else , a movie that -LSB- stinks -RSB- . It is , however , also a movie that is n't likely to irritate because of its badness.The plot revolves around a bunch of totally over the top characters , one of them being Dennis Rodman ... I mean , Simon -LRB- played by Rodman -RRB- , an ex-CIA agent now working for Interpol -LRB- although I frankly doubt his are Interpol working methods -RRB- . Simon works in a small town on the french coast and is helped by two monks of death who live under a church and seem to be equipped with very sophisticated electronics . Whether they are real monks or not is never explained but , then again , nothing is really explained in the movie itself.Although Simon seems to be investigating on some kind of story about a kidnapped girl , it is only when a former friend , Nick enters the scene that he really gets involved in the whole thing , which turns to be almost a story of some kind of disc for some kind of secret weapon . I guess I can stop here because , quite frankly , the story is absurd and ridiculously illogical.The characters in this movie are some of the most over-the-top I 've ever seen . Nick , for instance , behaves like an idiot most of the time
 Produced as a pilot for a television series of the same title that did not come about , this work displays a good deal of the shallow characteristics that mark 1970s United States cinema , and features singer and entertainer John Davidson cast as a convicted confidence man , Max Castle , currently employed as investigative assistant for his attorney brother Steve , and who has supposedly reformed , only applying his skills of deceit and deception for the benefit of Steve 's beleaguered clients . In the instance depicted here , a client , Constance , works for an administrator , Lyle Rettig , of a large charity fund , who is framing Constance for theft of cash contributions totalling $ 225,000 , but through investigation and , even more , deduction , Max believes that Rettig is the actual suspect for the larceny because of his large losses at gambling , and sets out to expose him by means of a virtuoso confidence scheme that is intended to recover the stolen money and return it to the charity organization . To accomplish this good deed , Max has gathered a contingent of his con artist peers , and the group quickly gains the close attention of their crooked mark at a horse racing track in southern California , the region where most of the action is set , continuing at other venues , including a probable bogus gold mine in Arizona , and there is precious little slack time provided from a plot that is full of holes and fanciful to an extreme . Gullible Lyle falls for each part of the Baroque scheme that is completely tailored for him , and here the screenplay proves to be uninspired by any hint of reality , but one should not expect anything more as this is designed as light entertainment , purely and simply , and even if events upon occasion seem to go awry for the grifters , there is never a doubt that all will be settled nicely for them in the end . The direction is efficient , deriving as much benefit as is possible from an overly pat plot , and most of the television based cast is at least adequate , with Davidson soon settled neatly in his part , and able turns also come from Tommy Atkins in his sole credited screen role , and Karen Machon as one of Max 's co-conspirators . Some subplots and characters seem to disappear before they logically should , but this is because of the structure of the screenplay cobbled from an excessive amount of potential series footage . Released in DVD format that is competently mastered with only minor occurrences of faded colour , the film too often loses its narrative flow due to its television lineage that includes numerous freeze frames connoting commercial breaks , and the score is obtrusive and banal .
 Please do n't waste your time and money . The movie will bore you to death . The most stupid undercover cops/mafia-like plot I have ever seen . I should have wait for more reviews .
 I had a lot of hope for this film . As a huge fan of the first two films in this series , I was excited to see the return of Jet Li to the role that made him famous . Also , I had hopes that Sammo Hung behind the camera could only improve things ... I was wrong . The story is uninspired , a mix between that Star Trek episode where Kirk loses his memory and ends up living with Native Americans and ... well , bad westerns . The fight scenes , which are supposed to be the hallmark of any HK actioner , were weak and shot poorly , missing whatever art may have been there . If you are interested in the genre , avoid this picture and rent/buy the first two . You want Cowboys and Indians with martial arts ... well , watch old `` Kung Fu '' episodes , if you must .
 It 's hard to figure out what is the worst part of this movie . The Chinese , the Native-Americans -LRB- or Chinese -RRB- , or the white people . The native-americans , or bearers of national socialist propaganda , seemed more like Chinese people dressed up as 1950 's Hee-Haw style Indians . Jet Li looked like a more convincing Native american than the `` real '' indians . The fight scenes were terrible , but the romance made me cry . By which I mean the incomprehensible love triangle made me cry in agony . But the first one was good , which makes this all the more disappointing .
 I reviewed both this and Hitman months ago . Where are they ?
 The biggest flaw in this flick is it 's director , Sammo `` I 'll do anything to make you laugh '' Hung.Leave it to Sammo to do a great job of disrespecting a great Chinese folkhero by making him look incompetent and stupid . While the fight scenes were descent , I could not get over the fact that all credibility of the character had been destroyed . Sammo just did n't do this whole saga justice.On a side note , the DVD version that I saw -LRB- and reviewing -RRB- , the ChinaStar version , had about a 2-3 second delay in subtitles . Also the aspect ratio manually changes . Not a very professional job.I would rent this first . If you decide to purchase it , make sure it 's the Carnival version , as pictured at the top of the page .
 This has to the worst OUATIC series . The Story plot was a laugh . Jet Li sounded like a little boy in this movie . Once again , he was the untouchable wong fei hong . I actually felt sorry for the bad guy at the end when Jet kicked the living day lights out of him again and again .
 The story is not so bad -LRB- well ... Shangai Noon , which is quite similar , is much better ... -RRB- it 's just badly directed . The fight scenes are unwatchable and the dialogues are quite poor . Wong Fei-hung -LRB- Jet Li -RRB- is out of character -LRB- for example
 When Jet Li stars as legendary Wong Fei-Hong , you know you 're going to see lightning quick attacks and ferocious high flying exploits . The only problem is that in all the Wong Fei-Hong movies combined , Fei-Hong has almost never been hit during the fight scenes . Every adversary prior to this movie seemed relatively skilled . But in this one none of these guys stood a chance ! None of them had any skill at all ! If you just wanted to watch fight scenes , you 'll be sorely disappointed to watch Jet beat up a bunch of Americans . I suppose they were trying to focus more on the story line -LRB- which was dreadfully mediocre ! -RRB- . The previous Once Upon a Time in China movies are much better . If you ca n't get enough of Wong Fei-Hong movies , try Iron Monkey ! It 's a much more exciting movie .
 Although they managed to drag Jet Li back to the series for this installment , I personally wish they 'd left the saga on the more respectable note that was the fourth sequel . Though the production values are high , with the American locations and actors being considerably better than in most HK films , the movie 's plot is the weakest of the lot.While Sammo Hung 's direction makes the best visual use of the settings , it 's suprisingly the action sequences that are the biggest let-down . The number of them is fairly frequent and the choreography is reasonable , but they are just too short to hold the attention . The failure to have a strong villian for Wong Fei-Hung to battle is also a major minus point.There is also no attempt made to develop the characters and their relationships , as it seems the filmmakers think that dumping WFH and the gang in the middle of a Western is enough to justify making the film . It is n't . It 's a shame such a great series of movies signs off with such a weak parting shot . One for OUATIC completists only .
 Movie was good but the handling of it during shipment leaves a lot to be desired . The case was broken during shipment and the DVD was sliding around inside when I received it . The movie began to skip about half way through it due to the scratches . Not sure if I would risk ordering another .
 This film had something very special going for it with its central casting of Sean Penn as Huey Long , the Kingfisher , the everyman governor of depression-era Louisiana -LRB- Willie Stark in the film -RRB- . If ever there was a role designed for Penn 's heated and emotive style of acting , this was it . True to that promise , Penn delivers a few -LRB- too few -RRB- wonderful scenes with Willie Stark delivering fire and brimstone from the campaign stump.Other than these scenes , the film is an unformed washout . Willie Stark 's transformation from righteous , wife loving common man to manipulative , self-serving adulterous political schemer is ... . well there really is no transformation . It simply happens between scenes off camera , rendering a potentially fascinating character , rich with comment about the fallibility of human nature , into a black and white , boring nothing.The film sort of meanders around with the character of reporter Jack Burden -LRB- played by the desperately miscast Jude Law -RRB- and his exceptionally average family story , which somehow includes lover Anne Stanton -LRB- played by the desperately miscast Kate Winslet -RRB- and her brother Adam Stanton , played by Mark Ruffalo -LRB- who was at least well cast but left hanging in limbo by some very lazy scriptwriting -RRB- . On board also is the very talanted James Gandolfini , who must have owed someone a very big favor . I challenge anyone to explain to me what he was doing in this bumbling , mumbling role , so far beneath his station . All in all , I was left wondering how any of the principals managed to convince themselves the product was release-ready when watching the final edit.Final note to Hollywood
 What do Sean Penn , Jude Law and James Gandolfini have in common ? Answer : they are all decent actors who to a man could not effect a Southern accent to save their lives -LRB- or this film -RRB- . ATKM is based on the much better , much older film of the same name that told a fictionalized account of a Louisiana politician based on Governor and later U.S Senator Huey Long . Long was an interesting figure , and while many still disagree on whether his poliices were salvation or destruction , his short career was undeniably very interesting . Long 's corrruption is not disputed however , and ATKM follows Long -LRB- `` Willie Stark '' here -RRB- as he rises to power , abuses power and ultimately falls.James Carville , who is a decent speaker , co-produced this mess . He would have been so better suited himself for the title role , because to listen to Sean Penn painfully abuse the Southern dialect , or Gandolfini who most of us still relate to as a Soprano lean forward and confide in an Amos and Andy patois , it 's absolutely unwatchable . I do n't know why it 'd be so hard to recruit say Billy Bob Thornton , Tommy Lee Jones or any other player who could have been natural in this role instead of so obviously out of place as the cast of ATKM.The casting here is comparable to putting Jackie Chan in the Don Corleone role of `` The Godfather '' . Huey Long was , absent his faults , a great orator and a very charismatic personality . Even with the help of a bombastic soundtrack , Sean Penn sounds like - well an actor . Like DeNiro and many other great performers , Penn can not in deliver a speech effectively in public out of role and brings no inspiration here . Penns speeches lack charm and radiate nothing but anger as if he has projected his own beliefs of what the working class wants into his role.THis film really deserves 1 star because of how bad it fails , and I 'd send anyone looking into the story toward the original . It 's a great tale that could use repeating in this time of `` promise-the-world '' phony populists like Hugo Chavez -LRB- curiously a Penn ally -RRB- as well as a few presidential candidates stateside I wo n't name here . Though we are certainly not in the Great Depression , the notion of politician as `` man-of-the-people '' who is an economic saviour is still a popular theme that consistently leads to more gov ' t and as always with more gov ` t - more corruption and LESS FREEDOM.Find a youtube video of Huey Long or see the original .
 I think the responsibility for this failure lies with mainly 3 people.First of all , Sean Penn , whom I respect as a great actor -LRB- e.g. Mystic River , 21 Grams -RRB- , but not in this terrible performance . His portrait of a populist demagogue is just too much over the top towards a caricature of Chaplin 's great dictator.Second , the script writer . It can not be that easy to foul up an essentially good story so badly . There is no narrative drive.Third , this must be Jude Law 's worst film ever . He is not an obvious miscast , one can initially believe his character , the young man from an elite background and his mutual attraction with the vulgar politician . But in the course of the plot , the motivation of his character loses ground , and Law is at a loss for adequate facial expressions . He makes a mess of it.Hopkins and Winslet are doing fine , but why are 3 English actors needed for a Louisiana story ?
 The movie did n't have budget enough to do justice to Robert Penn Warren 's All the King 's Men.The writer-director is new at the game and it shows.Sean Penn either weighs 240 pounds in the movie or is padded to appear as though he weighs that much . Penn gives a scenery-chewing performance that is so overwrought it unbalances the film . His hairdo puts me in mind of the one Eric Blair AKA George Orwell wore in his heyday.Trouble is , the hairdo features white sidewalls around the edge . So when Penn as Willie Stark puts on a fedora , as he often does in the film , he is not recognizable as the same Willie Stark sans hat . Its a major gaffe . A more seasoned Director would have found a way around this.Penn indulges himself in wild gestures even when talking to the person right next to him.Stark blows his stack throughout the film . The other performances are more low key , so the Willie speeches jar the audience and undo the quieter moments in the film.The accents . Sean Penn 's Willie is impossible to understand for the first third of the film . Jude Law 's Jack Burden the reporter , is only a shade off his usual British accent . Not really American . Willie is romancing his woman aide Virginia Clarkson , in addition to his wife , a skater-stripper , and the Judge 's daughter . The judge 's daughter is played by Kate Winslet . She 's an Aussie . The Judge is played by Anthony Hopkins . Tony Soprano -LRB- James Gandolfini -RRB- has a thankless role as a political handler . Both Winslet and Hopkins are totally understandable but not particularly Louisiana accented . Patricia Clarkson is FROM New Orleans , but does n't particularly have an accent.The screenplay is a mess . There is no time for Willie to actually have the romances with the women . They are only alluded to . What is really missing though is a sense of the crowd , the base of any political film . Willie is never down among them , always above them talking over their heads . You have to hear something representative from the crowd to know what they 're thinking . Apart from some sour looks , the film never gives a sense of who the voters are . The film needs to be opened up in the way stage-locked plays often are when converted to movies.Instead of being a movie about a gargoyle in Louisiana politics , this film instead becomes a story about an insular group of political people infighting and romancing one another . The film lacks the necessary sense of the crowd that brings politics alive .
 Even a stellar cast made up of some of the finest talents in the business - Sean Penn , Jude Law , Patricia Clarkson , James Gandolfini , Mark Ruffalo , Kate Winslet and Anthony Hopkins - ca n't save `` All the King 's Men '' from being a tired , pointless remake of the Best Picture Oscar winner of 1949 . Robert Penn Warren based his original novel on the life and career of the notorious Huey Long , aka `` The Kingfish , '' who served as governor of Louisiana from 1928 to 1932 . Like Long , Warren 's main character , Willy Stark , is a charismatic leader who offends the powers-that-be with his populist rantings , yet eventually becomes as lowdown , vile and corrupt as the politicians he initially railed against to get himself elected.This theme of the corrupting influence of power - and the corrosive effect that corruption has on the American political system - may have seemed fresh and insightful in Warren 's day , but it is strictly old hat today . Moreover , in Steven Zaillian ` s pretentious rehash , Stark transitions from being an idealist to a cynic in such record-setting time that the audience is completely at a loss as to how to read the character . Is he a man genuinely committed to helping his fellow citizens who eventually loses his way , or is he just another snake-oil salesman from the get-go exploiting the gullibility of the masses to get what he wants ? The film does n't seem to know , and the audience , quite frankly , does n`t really care.Stunningly , the movie is helped not one whit by its strictly A-list caliber cast . Penn hams it up shamelessly as the over-the-top Stark , spewing spittle and bile , regardless of whether he is whipping a downtrodden audience into an emotional frenzy or plotting the downfall of his manifold political rivals . Law , on the other hand , underplays to the point of catatonia the part of the governor 's idealistic assistant -LRB- and narrator of the tale -RRB- who sells his soul to the devil by doing Stark 's dirty work for him , even going so far as to blackmail the very man who raised him , in order to prevent the governor from being impeached by the state senate . Clarkson , Gandolfini , Ruffalo and Winslet do little but stand around in the wings waiting for something dramatic to happen -LRB- as do we all -RRB- , and Hopkins is simply too lazy to go through the trouble of even attempting a Louisiana accent let alone perfecting one . The movie definitely could have used some serious paring down from the original storyline , since it is stuffed to bursting with characters who come and go seemingly at random , and whom we really could n`t care less about . To add insult to injury , James Horner 's original music , with its overemphatic underlining and theater-rattling crescendos , should be studied in film schools as a model of how NOT to score a motion picture.This movie does n't hold a candle to such superior political dramas as `` The Best Man , '' `` The Candidate , '' `` The Distinguished Gentleman '' and , yes , even the original `` All the King 's Men , '' which boasted the incomparable Broderick Crawford and Mercedes McCambridge in the lead roles . Despite its coming from a simpler time , there was fire and passion in that version of the tale , two elements that are sorely lacking in this meandering , lethargic and undercooked remake .
 It was an ok movie , but i would not watch it again . With the actors in this movie , i exspected better .
 Now usally when a film is delayed for almost a year thats abad sign mostly any film that gets delayed from its release date is usally a bad sign for allthe kings men it proves that cinema dosent care . If you recognize sean penn youll know that hes not making his oscar winning performance this year or for astar cast doing there lack of work isntt quite the thing you wana see actors who didnt care about it . Maybe steve zallian is a bad director for doing this maybe deserves a better director and a better writer . If your making a film like this you have to be ready to do your best you have to take on a inspirational film . It seems that the preview makes it lok like a inspirational film but for what the preview says is wrong bad direction bad dialogue and for a cast like this deserves a better part and a better film . So as jude law narrates this film hes the one who keeps on taking the role sean penn has very little to say . theres no big performances in this film it keeps on going on these twists were you dont even know whats happining . but ill say the actors do a better part if they put sean penn like for just a little bit longer they woud of done a better job .
 I saw this at my sister 's house she tends to buy DVDs she has never seen before just because she likes the actors but after she & I watch this she wished she had not bought it . It was boring .
 I can not believe that there are actually reviewers who actually Liked this film ! This Film was a Mammoth FAILURE on ALL LEVELS ! The Script was terrible , there was really no story whatsoever and it just didnt make sense ! Sean Penn To me is the greatest actor of our generation but this was his WORST PERFORMANCE ! Sean 's Southern accent was SO BAD that I had to actually turn on the English Subtitles to understand him . This Movie just didnt make sense and was full of holes that were never filled or explained by the movies end -LRB- and I CLAPPED when the film FINALLY ENDED -RRB- ! The Only Good Performances were by James Gandolfini who was very Convincing -LRB- made me totally forget Tony Soprano -RRB- and patricia clarkson ws Good ! Do Not waste Two Hours of your life watching this garbage ! Go Buy The Original Version which is a Classic and Far Superior !
 Read the book . Robert Penn Warren 's novelization of Great Depression-era Louisiana state politics has yet to be thoroughly , and now so much later can not be , filmed.The Broderick Crawford film version could not incorporate the gratuitous and excessive profanity of the disastrous Sean Penn version.If viewing an All the King 's Men is a personal compulsion , view the Broderick Crawford film , which , closer to the era and produced by staunch Hollywood professionals , does well.Read the book.Clint WilliamsOakland , Michigan USA
 In Penn 's defense he is woefully miscast in this film . He is a depressive personality , not the type who could excite the masses.Jude Law is also miscast . He is too self-assured for the crisis of identity the novel 's protagonist confronts.The novel has about 700 pages of riveting dialog . The screenplay captures none of it and rather leaves it to the film 's composer to elicit an emotional response with overused scoring.I got about 30 minutes into this movie before I finally had to stop it . The offending incident was when the Gandolfini character is exposed in a speech and to underscore this , he falls into a pigpen . A director that would film such an incident should never work again .
 I only rented the movie on Blu-ray ... did n't buy it . I 'm thankful for that . I fell asleep during the movie -LRB- does n't happen very often for me -RRB- . Sean Penn was very annoying , and there were n't any impressive features on the disk . Do n't waste your money .
 With the all star lineup this movie had , I would 've thought that they could be better utilized than a story on the Gov. of Lousiana . This could have been a really good gangster flick - all the people were avaialable . Sean Penn instead of all his hand waving and droning on and on about something I really could not follow , could have put his skills onto something better . This movie is a complete waste of talent , money - you name it .
 Should get some sort of Razzie award for the worst set of Southern accents by an entire cast since `` Hurry Sundown '' . Unfortunately though , this film lacks the campy awfulness of that film and substitutes pompous awfulness instead . Watching James Gandofini struggle with his accent does at least have some comic appeal . This film certainly has one of the finer casts put together in some time , but the sum of the parts is far greater than the whole , sort of 12 actors in search of an Oscar . This is indeed Shakespearean in the sense that it is a `` tale told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , and signifying nothing '' , amply illustrated in the final image of the blood of Willy Stark and his killer slowly running through the grooves in the Seal of Louisiana embedded in the floor only to run together .
 Astonishingly uninteresting . Maybe there 's a way to update the 1947 Broderick Crawford political drama based on Robert Penn Warren 's Pulitzer Prize winning novel , but this ai n't it . A meek attempt to examine totalitarianism when all social and charitable concern is forced under the wing of a governing body , is buried under mounds of verbal mumbo-jumbo that fills in the holes of skittish characters and situations , and sometimes the mumbo-jumbo remains just bewildering ; Jude Law , as Penn 's right hand man - `` When we first met , did you wink ? '' , and Penn 's reply , `` I do n't remember , maybe I just blinked . '' And maybe the script just stinks . Sean Penn , as a naive turned corrupt southern politician , quickly becomes a parody of the Huey Long-type character he portrays , and strangely , begins to resemble Freddie Krueger from the `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' series . This film was cold , detached and irrelevant , like skimming a book as opposed to reading one .
 To bad this movie really sucked , what a great cast . Penn is a great actor when the movie is good . If you are really aching for something to do , then rent this , please do not but it , you will be mad.Philip . TCBRN 1-3-07 . Simpsonville , SC .
 Director Steven Zaillian 's clueless adaptation of Robert Penn Warren 's classic novel sat on the shelf for nearly a year - and it should have stayed there . Fatal miscasting abounds , with Sean Penn giving an appallingly bad performance as political demagogue Willie Stark . Avoid at any cost !
 `` All The King 's Men '' is a total mess and a spectacular misfire , a movie so poorly crafted by writer-director Steven Zaillian - who 's directed some decent films - that it 's not even fun to skewer . The acting is so arch and absurd , the story is so rootless and confusing and endless , droning , awful music is so melodramatic , that it mostly earns , mostly , our pity.Based on Robert Penn Warren 's novel - itself based on the life of Louisiana politician Huey P Long - the movie uses narrator journalist Jack Burden -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- to follow a backwoods orator named Willie Stark -LRB- Sean Penn -RRB- from county official to powerful governor . Stark is a populist , relying on his `` hick '' voters to give him carte blanche to redistribute government funds to public works projects - roads , schools , hospitals.As `` All The King 's Men '' opens , Stark is about to be impeached by the state legislature . For what ? It 's never made clear . Zaillian treats Stark like Jay Gatsby - nobody 's quite sure of the truth . Instead of details , we get allusions and random subplots involving Jack 's childhood friends -LRB- Kate Winslet and Mark Ruffalo -RRB- and surrogate father -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- . All three play a role in Stark 's fate , but their characters are ciphers . None of the performances are memorable.As Stark , Penn has two speeds . He 's either a screamin bleeder , his voice breaking and his face ready to pop , or he 's sleepily drawlin like he just ate a pan of cornbread . Stark speaks almost entirely in homilies , even in private moments . Penn 's talent , which is turning the emotions of a role inside out , does n't fit the role . He 's bought too far into the myth of the guy .
 Just one word - `` Bored '' ! I watched the whole movie and eager to see the end credits ! Hardly imagine Hopkins & Penn would involve in such a lame movie !
 `` All the King 's Men '' is a pointless filmisation of Robert Penn Warren 's 1946 novel , which had already been brought to the screen to great effect by Robert Rossen in 1949 - THAT version garnered a Best Picture Oscar.The story of a Louisiana Governor -LRB- played by Sean Penn -RRB- who will stop at nothing to maintain power is pretty tame by today 's standards.The script and direction by writer/director Steven Zaillian are hopelessly muddled and pretentious - even the big , emotional moments fizzle . Overlong and overwrought - an excellent cast is wasted .
 This remake of `` All The King 's Men '' is really a very simple story . I must state that I have seen neither the 1949 version , nor read Warren 's original book . Nevertheless , the movie concentrates on Jack Burden , -LRB- Law -RRB- a young journalist who covers Willie Stark 's -LRB- Penn -RRB- campaign , and then goes to work for Stark after his election . As Stark 's power multiplies , powerful men in the Louisiana legislature try to impeach Stark . One of the leaders behind this attempt to dump Stark is Judge Irwin -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- . Knowing that Irwin is pulling the strings , Stark petitions Burden to do a background check on Irwin . The results of this fact finding mission rip apart the judge 's family , all the while taking a toll on Burden who has a confusing prior relationship with the judge 's family . Eventually , all hell breaks loose as Burden uncovers shady dealings in Irwins past , and the result spells doom to the progenitor of the smear campaign.That is the spine of the movie , and unfortunately , the Director Zaillain does not delve deeper then that . Instead of having scenes with the legislators and the Standard Oil men plotting Stark 's doom , we instead have a much replayed swimming scene near the Judge 's residence . Instead of Stark taking his message to the people and shaking hands with his fellow hicks , we are treated instead to overwrought scenes of the eccentric Judge Irwin and his family . Those examples , I would contend , are the ultimate failings of the movie . However , one would have to assume that if the movie stayed close to the book , then the book would have these same failings as well . To say I was disappointed by the end result of this movie would be an overstatement , but the movie unfortunately verged towards the more soap opera-like plotlines of Warren 's original vision . This in turn , made the movie sacrifice a more politically vibrant theme which may have made the movie more palatable .
 A lot of hype surrounded the opening of this film in Louisiana , as it was both filmed and set here -LRB- even though Robert Penn Warren 's book was n't set in any particular state -RRB- . The story , of course , parallels the political life of Louisiana 's `` Kingfish '' , Huey Long . Just in case we could n't figure that out , Longalike populist Willie Stark sings Long 's theme song `` Every Man a King '' , and the final scene plays out on the bronze map of Louisiana that 's set in the floor of the State Capitol . Louisiana history notwithstanding , the movie is a dreadful bore , almost all shot in half-light , and mused rather than spoken by the actors other than Sean Penn , who senses the great overacting possibilities inherent in playing Stark . Some here in Louisiana said that the style was true to Warren 's downbeat book Others , including a Warren scholar and my 13-year old daughter , shared my opinion .
 I could recommend `` All the King 's Men '' if Sean Penn 's performance was the only criteria . Sadly , it is n't , and that forces me to look at the film negatively ; this is a well intended film that completely loses its way , falling victim to needlessly complicated details and virtually nonexistent character development . I never once felt that I had the chance to know these characters , which is bad because I could tell the actors put a lot of work into making them believable . It 's really a shame this film falls flat . All the components are there , but they are n't used to the best of their ability.This remake of the 1949 Academy Award winning film -LRB- which itself was based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Robert Penn Warren -RRB- is a fictional reinterpretation of Huey Long , the Democratic Louisiana governor assassinated in 1935 . The film changes him into Willie Stark , originally played by Broderick Crawford and now played by Sean Penn. . I do n't dare analyze how faithful this 2006 film is to either the 1949 film or the original novel , nor do I dare attempt to compare the Stark portrayals to Long 's real-life mannerisms . There 's simply too much I 'm not aware of . All I can do is focus on this film as a separate entity , one that is initially enhanced by Penn 's brilliant performance . There 's no question that the man can act . He certainly pulls no punches when it comes to Willie Stark , whose energetic , tell-it-like-it-is campaign got him elected as governor of Louisiana.The other actors give reasonable performances , as well . The exception is Jude Law as reporter Jack Burden ; while his performance was n't bad , he still seemed out of place in this story . It 's as if he were hired out of convenience rather than for his ability to portray a plausible Southern gentleman . Law has and always will be a Hollywood Pretty Boy , meaning he 'll be too attractive for any of his roles to seem authentic . Then again , his character was born into the Southern upper class , a social stature notorious for creating attractive facades -LRB- symbolically or physically -RRB- . In that sense , one can argue that Law was the perfect choice to portray that character.The story in and of itself is fairly straightforward . Taking place during the first half of the 1950s , it involves Burden being personally hired by Stark to gather information on Judge Irwin -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- , Burden 's beloved godfather . It would seem that Irwin is attempting to have Stark impeached ; his ideas on helping the working class and the poor are threatening to the rich , especially since they involve a fair number of building projects . By digging into Irwin 's past and finding fault with his character , Stark hopes he can turn the tables in his favor . This does n't sit too well with Burden , who knows the old man will never budge once his mind is made up.This indirectly connects to another of Stark 's political agendas . He hopes to build Louisiana 's finest medical facility and staff it with the best doctors and nurses the state has to offer . Here enters Adam Stanton -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , Burden 's friend since childhood . He 's considered a doctor by Stark even though the audience has no way of knowing this to be true ; not only is Stanton 's personality incompatible with that of a classic doctor character , he 's also never seen in a hospital , a clinic , or even in a dramatic medical situation . The best we 're given is his history , both with his sister , Anne -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- , and with Burden . The details are sketchy at best , but it would seem that the three of them spent quite a bit of time together as children , and they continued to remain close as they grew older.This aspect of the story was the most baffling because it had little if anything to do with Stark 's political aspirations . At times , it felt like I was watching scenes from a completely different movie . One especially telling flashback sequence shows Burden and Anne alone in an upstairs bedroom . The sexual tension is overwhelming , for both them and the audience . It was a good scene , but it was also completely different in tone from the rest of the film . Burden 's back-story did n't feel contrived so much as it seemed altogether out of touch with the plot . It was as if another story idea found its way into the screenplay of `` All the King 's Men . '' Maybe another movie needed to be made , one that would focus solely on the relationship between Jack Burden and Anne Stanton . It probably would have been just as interesting . It only needed the chance to fully develop.The same can be said for Adam , who felt as enigmatic as a complete stranger . His current situation hints at a severe depression ; according to both Burden and Anne , he 's becoming increasingly reclusive . An explanation for such an emotional decline would have been nice , considering it would dramatically add to the story . Alas , one is never given , and that ultimately serves to turn Ruffalo 's character into an excuse for filler material . He has a couple of tense conversations with Burden as well as with Stark , who he fears is using him as a pawn in an ever-deepening sea of political corruption . When you factor in Stanton 's importance during the final scene , you 'll understand why it was wrong for his character to be so unknown.I really wanted to like `` All the King 's Men , '' especially when another notable Sean Penn performance is at stake . Unfortunately , far too much is left in the dark , especially in terms of characterization . Besides Adam Stanton , there are a slew of other properly introduced characters that are ultimately discarded . These include Burden 's mother -LRB- Kathy Baker -RRB- , the corrupt Tiny Duffy -LRB- James Gandolfini -RRB- , the perpetually skeptical Sadie Burke -LRB- Patricia Clarkson -RRB- , and Sugar Boy -LRB- Jackie Earle Haley -RRB- , Stark 's chauffer and bodyguard . Even the more defined characters are too mysterious to allow the story to sink in . Strong performances are given for characters that are n't completely fleshed out , a flaw that made this film almost intolerable.How sad for Robert Penn Warren . If he were alive today , he 'd probably be shocked at the notion of a Pulitzer Prize winner not being enough for a decent film adaptation . If I were in his place , I 'd be shocked , too .
 Anthony Hopkins , Kate Winslet , Jude Law , James ` Mush-Mouth ' Gandolfini and Mark Ruffalo ??????? How about casting an actual Southerner for a story that takes place IN THE SOUTH !!! Not one of the actors I mention is believable in their role andthe movie is a bust . Big Time !
 Vincent D'Onofrio , apparently taking time off of `` Law and Order '' stars as a sleazy , bald antiques dealer who wants some valuable antique guns . Matthew Lillard stars as a conniving con man who 's married to a woman expert in poisons.The movie is wannabe Quentin Tarantino & David ; Mamet . Characters get shot , poisoned , the ending leaves you hanging -LRB- in more ways than one -RRB- It 's artsy , pretentious nonsense . It makes for good early morning `` huh ? '' viewing , but do n't take it too seriously -LRB- though the director apparently does -RRB-
 Vincent D'Onofrio of `` Law and Order '' takes a brief respite from crimefighting to star as Max , a bald antique dealer on hard times . Matthew Lillard stars as fast-talking Jack , a con man , and Valeria Golino is Jamie , his girlfriend expert in poisons . The plot centers on antique guns , a pile of cash , and alleged `` Spanish judges . `` It 's wannabe David Mamet and Quentin Tarantino . Characters are shot and poisoned . A creepy little girl leaves the story hanging -- literally . The plot is complicated , and it 's supposed to be `` neo-noir . '' It 's not a great movie by any means , but it makes great `` huh ? '' early morning viewing .
 I got this in a Region 2 two disc set with both Henry 1 + 2 released by Dutch-Filmworks . The original is great , but `` mask of sanity '' was the worst bottom of the barrel el-cheapo z-grade attempt at a horror film I have ever been witness to . No script -LRB- to speak of -RRB- no talent and nothing to keep you watching it through to the end . It also looks like it was shot on video tape ... . Fans of the original will be mortified .
 I was very excited to see the part 2 of that great movie `` Henry '' . First one was a real deal . In part II however , not only do they change the actor for Henry , the plot itself was pretty much the same thing as the original ! What are you tring to do rip off moive fans ? I understand this movie was made as a documentary style but ... come on!disappointed viewer sighs ...
 HENRY 2 played UNRATED and UNCUT when it was first theatrically released . MPI decided to cut most of the violence and gore out to get an R-Rating for the video and DVD release and the results are less than thrilling . Every murder scene has been edited to the point where you see practically nothing -LRB- cutaways to the murderers ' strained faces instead -RRB- . The movie in it 's original form was quite a strong and grim follow-up to the classic original , but this abbreviated edition is practically worthless . Maybe someday MPI will release the original uncut version , but I doubt it since most fans have already made up their minds that the movie sucks based only on seeing the edited version . The DVD does have a behind-the-scenes featurette that does show several clips from the film of the UNEDITED murder scenes with blood spurting everywhere ... is n't it funny that they can get away with an R-rated video release as long as the gore scenes are an `` extra '' and not actually IN the film . What a crock . On top of it all , the DVD 's audio is slightly out-of-sync throughout leaving this viewer in a daze .
 Should n't even have `` Henry '' in the title . Whereas the first was original , shocking and brilliant , the sequel is merely a joke . I had a feeling it would not be any good before I rented it , but just had to see it being such a fan of the original . Do n't waste your time because it is simply a bore . Watch the original again ! I 'm serious.In relation to this film
 Solid cast , with the exception of the lead . Rooker from the first one should have been back , as well as the original director and writer
 After viewing the shocking original , I had high expectations for this film . This film lacks the intensity of the original and it was n't the same without Michael Rooker as Henry . It copies a lot from the first film and just seems bland in comparison .
 WHY ?!? WHY ?!? WHY ?!? WHY ?!? WHY ?!? WHY ?!? WHY ?!? WHY ?!? ... this ranks with the other completely useless , horrible horror sequals-blair witch -LRB- they both were horrible though ! -RRB- , an american psycho 2 , evil dead 2 -LRB- it was hysterical though -RRB- , exorcist 2 , american werewolf in paris ... the list goes on -LRB- in fact i think ill make 1 ! -RRB- this was as spine chilling as killer smirfs.can someone explain this to me?what does it have to do with part one?PLEASE DO NOT BUY , RENT , STEAL , OR BORROW.youd be better off with plan 9 from outer space !
 This film stinks . It is stupid and predictable . Any story involving the world 's most famous twins will be a happy ending and a predictable story line . You do n't need a prequel or a sequel . The songs are lousy . `` Who Would You Be '' is without a doubt the girls ' worst tune . It has no redeeming features . `` Who would you be ? A Kennedy '' is insulting to everybody 's ears and intelligence . The song stinks and should be buried well below sea level.And yes , the girls ' dad DOES recover his computer . With Mary-Kate and Ashley , would you expect otherwise ?
 While the silent-era comedies of Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are well represented on DVD , the majority of the team 's sound films remain unavailable here in the U.S. . The fact that UTOPIA , their final film , is readily available everywhere is a bitter pill for most of their fans to swallow.In 1950 Stan and Ollie traveled to France to make the movie , which was originally titled ATOLL K . In this uneasy blend of political satire and slapstick , the boys inherit a yacht and wind up on an uncharted atoll , which they try to establish as a new country . This ill-fated little picture saw limited release in Europe during 1951-52 , and received scant distribution in the U.S. as UTOPIA in 1954 . Aside from the erratic quality of the script and the production , the biggest drawback is the unhealthy physical appearance of the boys themselves . Hardy is at his all-time heaviest , while Laurel contracted dysentery during location shooting and wound up losing over 50 pounds . Here , their `` fat and skinny '' personas are more like `` obese and emaciated . '' That they 're still able to rustle up a handful of laughs and perform with some degree of enthusiasm speaks volumes about their dedication to their craft and their comedic gifts . To his dying day -LRB- February 23 , 1965 -RRB- , Laurel considered the film one of the most painful experiences of his career.This Goodtimes edition is one of the better-quality copies in circulation , though it does n't compare to the sparkling 35mm print I saw at a revival theater back in the 1970s .
 I have mixed emotions about this one . Laurel and Hardy fans SHOULD see this one , because it is the last film the boys did.But be prepared , Stan was in poor health at the time . He was a diabetic and suffered terribly during the heat . He was only 60 , but looked like death warmed over . The film is NOT typical L&H ; comedy , but a poor attmept at political satire . Sorry folks , that just WAS N'T the boys style . With poorly dubbed dialog for the non-English speaking performers , it 's a little irritating at first . There is still some magic left , like Stan `` burping '' his pet lobster , when he and Ollie take the boat engine apart , only to have the pieces fall overboard and where Stan pours oil over troubled water . I just wish the film had been made when the boys were in better health and could have had more controll . In his final years , even Stan called this film an `` abortion '' True fans of L&H ; should remember them in their prime , like `` The Music Box `` and `` Way Out West ''
 The Boys ' last and supposedly worst film together . It has a notorious reputation and much of it is justified . Stan DOES look old and frail . Ollie DOES look dangerously obese . It 's poorly dubbed -LRB- apparently none of the other performers could speak English -RRB- , the picture quality is far worse than their 1930s material even after DVD treatment and the gags are lame , tired and in places cringe-inducingly childish . The plot , while pretty original and perhaps even daring for the time is convuluted and as far from the classic Laurel and Hardy as ever.What does redeem the film are the performances from the two leads . Their acting was remarkable considering they were not well men at the time . Oliver Hardy 's acting was as commandingly brilliant as it had always been and a further example of how much of an under-rated actor he was . Meanwhile , Stan Laurel was amazingly physical here despite his obvious illnesses . There 's at least one scene where both men are running along a beach . Which comes to the observation that the scenery was very pretty ! ` Atoll K ' is probably the worst Laurel and Hardy film ever made . But it is n't as bad as some would make out .
 This very last movie Laurel & Hardy made was a disaster . They expected to film for about a month but it took a year to complete . Stan fell ill and had to undergo surgery . After having been released from hospital he should have taken a rest but being a professional he felt obligated to make the movie.He was in a lot of pain and it certainly shows in this film . Stan also lost a lot of weight and both looked old and tired , which was partially due to the fact that the director had them waiting for days before calling them for some scenes.Don ' t ever start a collection with this one . It might put you off for the rest of your life !
 Dull and melodramatic . Weak story line . Not one of Richard Witmarks better performances when you compare this to his work in `` The Bedford Incident '' . Now there is a movie I would highly recommend for both the acting performances well as a powerful story line that is filled with emotion .
 every one talks about this movie being all that but it really is n't , the film only has one person murederd in it , and many people raped in it . it really is n't anything , a much more violent movie at that time is texas chainsaw mascare . another problem in this movie is a great time of this film is shown him prison when he is a good person which is pretty stupid . my advice is to watch it and not buy it .
 No matter what anyone says ! It is stylized violence -LRB- no different than Natural Born Killers -RRB- The only 1/2 descent movie Kubricks done is Full Metal Jacket ... 2001 , what a joke . All these movies way overrated ! It 's kinda like Ben Affleck said in Jay & Silent Bob strike back ... all these folks that like these flicks are 35 & older living in their parents basement , Magnolia fans on the internet all day long ... with no real life.Or you can look at it like this , these movies are for overly accentric folks that go to an art museum ... look at a picture of spots ... & tell you how these paintings of spots or splatters . . represent this or that , or the feelings behind the picture . OK whatever shut up already I feel like Dennis Miller now ! kubricks just another mental Director that gets his Rocks off on Rape & Violence ... like Roman Polanski ... Damn I 'm not even religious , & I love movies Like Goodfellas & Pulp Fiction but some S@#$ts just over the top .
 ` Kay . I know Kubrick is , like , a `` total genius '' and all , but this movie was less coherent than a brain-damaged first-grader trying to explain to a neanderthal how to build a nuclear reactor -LRB- believe it or not that simile took two drunk people five minutes to come up with . hurray for college ! -RRB- . Wow , totally lost track of what I was trying to say about this movie . Suffice it to say , it sucked , just like every movie Kubrick made . The best part of any of his movies is when the end credits start rolling . ~ fin ~
 warning this disc will not play in a blu ray player and that will be the only way to see this film in hd . on another note anyone who purchased one of those clearanced hd dvd players with the 10 free movie offers you have been swindled because to get your free movies you must send the upc and without the upc you cant return your obsolete player .
 I watched it and thought of it as just bad . I am speechless it 's just bad please do n't watch this movie .
 Watched about twenty or thirty minutes and a total waste of time . Females will be disgusted by the constant violence against women . I suppose some of the men on here who commented found it very satisfying , which says more about them than the movie . Do n't waste valuable time watching this garbage .
 I BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT AND HAD NO IDEA WHAT IT WAS ABOUT AND STILL HAVE NEVER WATCHED IT BUT WAS TOLD IT WAS NOT THAT GREAT - ALOT OF UNFIT STUFF BUT I SHOULD HAVE CHECKED ABOUT IT BEFORE I BOUGHT IT . MY NIECES HUSBAND ASKED FOR IT AND I DID N'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO GET SO I GOT IT BUT WOULD NOT BUY IT AGAIN .
 I think this is definately a great adaption of the book but I honestly believe that this is the type of movie you watch once and thats it . Strange is the best way to put it ... if you are into strange movies and you like to watch them late at night when you cant go to sleep this one will put you to sleep ... if not make you want to turn it off and count sheep instead .
 I really have a hard time understanding all the raves about this movie . Most of the raves are from men . The type of men who would call `` Thelma and Louise '' a violent film.I worked in a theatre when I was in college , and they had a showing of A Clockwork Orange . The audience for these showings was 100 % male , most of whom looked like the kind of guys who could n't get a date and were extremely angry about it . A Clockwork Orange relieved some of that anger for them , especially the rape scene , which more than a few of them were chuckling at . It was the creepiest audience I had seen in several months of working there . The ticket taker mentioned that she thought they were all weird , which bolstered my observations.These are the same morons you find on internet chat rooms - they 're such losers that they ca n't show themselves in public . This movie , with its rampant miogyny , serves as vindication for guys who ca n't get laid . So does the Howard Stern show . So does Maxim . And so it goes . I would n't be surprised if most of the males that rave about this pic have Asian girlfriends , or spend their time off dreaming about trips to Bangkok because they ca n't get a date here.The author of the book by the same name was upset with Kubrick 's interpretation of his work - it was supposed to be an anti-rape , anti-violence book , and comes out as a pro-rape , pro-violence movie in the way that it glamourizes both behaviors . In fact , A Clockwork Orange -LRB- the movie -RRB- has a whole lot in common with `` The Pink Swastika '' -LRB- the book -RRB- - if you read it , you 'll see what I 'm talking about . The men watching this film who think the behavior of this gang is `` macho '' may get their eyes opened . ACO , in my opinion , may be one of the gayest movies of all time , with its costuming -LRB- emphasis on codpieces -RRB- and eye make up.If you 'd like to know why the viewer is driven to side with `` twinkletoes '' -LRB- Malcolm McDowell 's nickname - given to him by Gore Vidal -RRB- , read Roger Ebert 's review on the rottentomatoes site . The only message I got from this movie is that the director seems to hate his mother , and considering his ethnic background , it should come as no big surprise.I ca n't agree more that Kubrick was `` visually brillant '' - however , in this case , and probably a few others , he is morally bankrupt .
 I was very disappointed when I received this DVD in the mail because when I opened it up there were some large scratches on it . I tried to play it , and it wo n't work . I did not pay for a DVD I ca n't watch .
 I 'm a 26 yo male and just watched this movie for the first time tonight after a Saturday night in.I 've heard about this movie my whole life . `` Everyone '' has seen it . `` Everyone '' loves it . I just do n't get it . It was `` okay . '' It kept me entertained , but not engaged . Yet , it was disappointing.Maybe people are attracted to the violence or nudity in the movie , I do n't know . It did n't offend me in anyway , if I want nudity I 'll watch porn . I was hoping for something to take away from this movie so I could share in its glory with everyone else who I 've ever heard talk about it.I have no desire to see it again . I do n't recommend it . If anything , watch it just so you can say you 've seen it . It seems to come up in `` movie conversation '' every couple years or so . I 'm more mad at myself than anything -- I really wanted to like this movie , but I did n't . Maybe I should start a support group for the 1 % of us who did n't enjoy it .
 Why would Warner Brothers release a collector 's edition of Clockwork Orange without featuring the film in widescreen . Yes , Kubrick was rarely a user of widescreen film but in Clockwork Orange the ratio is probably 1.66:1 . This is a horrendous attack on good taste and a blantant exploitation of the recently deceased Stanley Kubrick . To WB
 I do n't know what you people see in this movie , but it just made me ill ! I can not simpathise this `` ultraviolent '' man who has been fixed so that he can not defend himself against the revenge he most certainly deserves ! With terrible production design with naked woman/dining tables and that psychadelic apartment . Hardly any of this movie actually looks like the future . Though some may argue that that is not important to the story , I dissagree . At least 2001 looked like the future . And I just do n't see the need for all of that nudity and that penis-shaped sculpture . Kubrick is no genius ... he 's sick !
 It would help if people actually read the novel on which this -LSB- movie -RSB- is based . Case in point , the editorial review here at Amazon , which tells us that `` Kubrick maintains Burgess 's dark , satirical social commentary '' . Actually , he does n't . The point of the book is that our increasingly mechanized , industrial society may end up turning human beings into automatons
 It may sound odd for a story as bleak and satirical as A CLOCKWORK ORANGE sometimes gets , but at its ' best , the book is a sort of love letter to the human race , which Burgess saw as being stifled by a bureaucratic , if well-meaning state . His central character , Alex DeLaage , is a brutal criminal , but Burgess makes you understand that in such a regulated state , criminality may be one of the few outlets available for energy and high spirits.But Stanley Kubrick was n't a high-spirited man . And I doubt he loved humanity . This film is full of his air-conditioned contempt for his fellow human beings , whom he shoots mostly in long shot or distorted , disfiguring close-up , with particular distaste being reserved for the women in this story -LRB- Kubrick ALWAYS reserved particular distaste for the women in his stories -- you get the feeling he did n't date much in high school ? -RRB- . But such distaste and contempt renders the film almost unwatchable and , therefore , essentially useless . Pop literature , particularly science fiction , was full of the kind of cool , tidy , emotionally neutral material with which Kubrick was most comfortable . It 's a pity he did n't realize his limitations and leave the great literature to the grown-ups . The wild card in all of this was Malcolm McDowell as Alex. Despite everything Kubrick did to make the character seem loathsome and unspeakable , McDowell came through with a boisterous , chilling , yet finally very appealing performance . He gives this film the hot breath of life , despite all of the freon dumped on it by the director .
 This atrocious film began the 30 year decline that sadly closed out the career of Stanley Kubrick . Artistically burned out after completing `` Dr. Strangelove '' and `` 2001 '' , Kubrick wanted to film a biography of Napoleon , but was balked by a lack of financing . Not a man who let go of an obsession easily , he marked time over the next three decades by turning out five movies totally devoid of the committment he had shown in his early work.The author of the original novel , Anthony Burgess , was so sickened by Kubrick 's mangled film that he eventually repudiated the book entirely , as well he might . The suggestion that psychopaths should be allowed to exercise their free will to wreak havoc on society is so transparently idiotic nobody can take it seriously . Combined with the terrible acting , cheap sets , and relentless vulgarity and misogyny , the result is about as ugly as moviemaking gets .
 Too much violence associated hard to stare at the screen or follow the storyline ... if one can tolerate , you would enjoy this satire .
 One of the very worst movies ever made with no redeeming value , horrible acting , worthless in every way . This is a great example of how `` art '' can be used to defend useless crap .
 I watched an edited version of this `` masterpiece '' and was disappointed . I gather that the prime objective was to challenge the ideology of a politically-motivated , self-righteous society and the value of individualism but the director simply fails to coherently develop that idea in anything concrete leaving the audience bemused in the end .
 This does not come with a `` steel case '' . the DVDs come in a plastic , average case and then that is slipped into the steel cover . PLUS , mine came opened which makes me wonder what they are trying to pull . plastic does n't rip itself apart ...
 This movie is so over rated . If you want to be amazed , read the book by Burgess , that will knock your socks off . The book is way better because it ends with Burgess original ending , something the movie does n't end with . I wont tell you what happens just in case you do want to read it .
 Very disappointing film . I feel that it was scuppered from the outset by the casting
 I am sure this movie will appeal to spoiled brats who resent their parents and the establishment in this twisted immorality play . The film was playing when I was in college , and although I thought the poster looked neat , I never saw it . I realize now that it was garbage just like all those `` Billy Jack '' movies and the `` One Tin Soldier '' theme song . I saw the movie on Showtime recently and could not finish watching it . It was the kind of crap that only a liberal intellectual could love . I do own 2001 on Blue-Ray and appreciate that movie .
 Even though the entertainment business has been developing into a more profane and demoralized industry , this so-called movie is still too vulgar to be put on the shelves in stores . This movie is closer to pornography , and that is what it should be sold as . It is distasteful , has a weak storyline , and holds no educational or entertainment value other than sex and violence , which should not be considered valuable material . When it was first released in 1971 it was rated X , so it was edited and re-rated R. Rated R movies , however , should not be able to contain scenes where a woman is shown being raped in front of her husband and a threesome involving countless sexual positions is clearly shown on the screen for a long period of time . No one should be subjected to such nauseating images . If a person wants to see these things , they should have to go out of their way to get it , instead of being able to pick it up at the local video or electronics store . This movie glorifies sexual violence and murder . It portrays these `` ultra-violent '' acts to be an ultimate-high . This film sits out there waiting to be bought by a teenager interested in violence , since most electronics stores do n't check ID for the purchasing of rated R videos . Anyone who watches this movie will have some part of them corrupted in someway , and there are already too many things in this world to corrupt pure minds . I strongly suggest never watching this movie . If you must , please do not let your children view a single moment of it . I could n't even finish watching this pornography because of how sick it made me feel , but it is still by far the worst movie I have ever had the displeasure of seeing .
 I hate this movie . I think Kubrick 's 2001
 We live in a world where everything gets desensitized . I had heard all about how great this movie was and I was curious . I hated it . I kept looking at the clock and wishing it was over . That 's a horrible way to watch any movie . It also disturbs me how lots of people say they * laughed * all the way through Pulp Fiction . Yeah , really funny . Glorify drugs , violence and rape . These movies give the psychos all kinds of fun ideas . God help us all .
 This is stupid . It said it was the rated X version . But no , its the rated R version . This could very well upset my day . I am very upset with amazon for this error .
 I like movies . I 've watched a lot of bad movies . I 've even liked a lot of bad movies -LRB- I loved Ishtar -RRB- , but after years of hearing what a `` classic '' Clockwork Orange is I finally got around to seeing it last month -LRB- 3/2001 -RRB- . And OH MY GOSH it was bad.Not bad it a fun , provocative , campy , entertaining way . But bad in a way that makes you question your need for a VCR in the first place . The story was non-existent , the editing was frantic and distracting , the violence was pointless -LRB- which some will say WAS the point -RRB- and it made no sense.The story of alienation , ennui , post-war angst has been told in so many better movies since CO came out that I guess I might be missing the `` ground breaking '' aspects of this film , but I have to say that this movie has not held up well over the year.If you have two hours to waste just saw your arm off with a rusty butter knife . It will be less painful than watching Clockwork Orange .
 Well I can first say that when I rented this movie I kind of judged the movie by it 's cover . Anyway the only good thing that I can say about this movie is the acting . Wonderful acting but also some very gangly parts like for example it is n't a very good scene when they beat up the BUM with there sticks and chains but I guess you could say that this movie is well acted out but I would n't call it a masterpiece . But if you like weird movies then go ahead but I honestly to tell you the truth spend your money on a GOOD movie . Not to offend anyone 's taste in a movie
 `` is free will more important than being good ? '' this movie asks . `` No '' I replyed , `` if criminals have their freedom , then good people will lose their freedom . ''
 This film is yet another load of crap from Kubrick . A complete waste of time .
 It was a source of great excitement to me when this video arrived , especially after having perused so many reviews on this site which read like press releases from Warner Bros. . For a long time , this film has been unobtainable here in the UK so I felt like someone about to sample the forbidden fruit . What a disappointment ! Granted , it was made almost 30 years ago but , Kubrick 's other films have n't dated too badly , whereas this one plays like a garish , soulless , deeply misogynistic , poorly paced , reactionary excercise in titillation . Whereas Burgess ' novel was a brisk read , Kubrick 's film just seems to lumber along , especially once Alex hits prison . As Eyes Wide Shut also painfully demonstrated , brevity was never a word in Stanley 's vocabulary.Personally , I feel that Kubrick 's decision to withdraw the film from Britain in 1973 was the shrewdest move he ever made . His reputation soared whilst his worst film remained unseen.What I find most unsettling , however , are those viewers who brag about about being only 9 years old when they first viewed the film and of having seen it upwards of 100 times . Sure the cinematography and music are impressive ; but , and maybe its just me , it does strike me as being rather disturbing to repeatedly view a film , even one directed by a ` genius ' film-maker , in which the most likeable character is a vicious , teenage rapist . It annoys me that anyone who has the impudence to criticise Kubrick , or to rate any of his movies anything less than 5 stars , is immediately labelled as mentally retarded . Its all too easy to sit in one 's ivory tower and repeatedly drone on about Kubrick 's infallibility , Kubrick 's deity , Kubrick 's true intentions being misinterpreted , crime vs punishment , blind obeisance vs free will , blah , blah , blah ; but the fact of the matter remains that there are certain individuals whose sole purpose in seeing this film is to get their ` kicks ' from the opening 30 minutes and switch off their VCR 's before the film slows down and we get to ` all that boring retribution stuff . ' The thrill inherent in Alex 's behaviour was acknowledged by Burgess himself who admitted at being `` sickened by my own excitement in setting it down . '' This is one of the reasons for Burgess ' use of Nadsat ; it acts as a powerful distancing tool between the reader and the horrors taking place on the written page . Unfortunately , Burgess ' intentions appear to have completely bypassed Kubrick who , in addition to changing the ending of the novel , treats sexual violence as rather a jolly enterprise and not in the least deserving of the bad rap its had over the years.Finally , to the viewer from San Francisco who feels that we need to `` save England '' I can assure him -LRB- ? her -RRB- that both the book and film are works of fiction and that there are no droogs presently rampaging through our nation . In any case , Burgess ' primary motivation for writing the novel was in order to `` exorcise my demons '' ; his pregnant wife had been beaten unconscious by four deserting GI 's during WWII and consequently miscarried . Once again , I thank our San Franciscan friend for his concerns and reassure him that reports of our collective demise have been grossly exaggerated .
 I agree wholeheartedly with the reviewer that says that the original book is an intriguing piece of literature while the movie does indeed seem to glamorize violence . For the reviewer who claimed that scenes are dark and satirical , I do n't agree . The book explores how violence and rape is used to create power over others . Kubrick does not get that across in his movie , so the movie does come across as gratuitous . This film should be given a miss in favor of the book . That is often true , but I think it is so in this case in particular . Also , if you happen to speak Russian , check out the nadsat language used in the book . It is a very clever manipulation of Russian words into a unique slang .
 This is a great movie . I can not believe that some of the movies in the new Stanley Kubrick collection are formatted and in mono ! The Killing and Killer 's Kiss are not included in the box set . What ? Did the studio decide those movies were trash or something ?? Kubrick supposedly approved this monster of a dissapointment . I find that hard to believe.People ! Save your money . Why not just buy some video tapes if you 're getting TV-formatted movies with mono sound . It 's truely a shame .
 I ca n't believe this movie would n't even play in my dvd player . Now after I already bought the movie I see in small letters that if says the movie wo n't play in most U.S. dvd players . So my question is why sell it in the U.S. then ?
 This is not a movie worth watching . The story line may or may not be a good one , I can not say because the movie was so terrible we had to turn it off 20 minutes into the movie -LRB- which was after trying to give it a chance because we wanted to turn it off 5 minutes into the movie -RRB- . If this is a movie that you really must see , then be prepared for full nudity and other disturbing sexual scenes . Please note , I only gave this one star because Amazon made me rate it . It really deserves 0 stars .
 This film has overt messages
 Amazon , again why wo n't you post my review?Terrible Blu-Ray transfer of a good movie .
 Please , please stay the heck away from this dog . Basically , it 's a bunch of street punks running around in diapers and women 's makeup talking about `` ultra-violence '' that never really occurs , and the plot is even worse . This one gave me a massive migraine . I am truly not kidding about what this flick did to me ! I remember watching it , hoping there was a point to all of it , but there truly was n't . If you liked that massive WTF moment at the end of 2001 A space Odyssey , then this one 's for you , since you 'll get it . I sure as heck did n't , I actually grew nauseous at the end of this one . Right up there with `` Natural Born Killers '' and `` Repo Man '' in the badness scale .
 4-1/2 Stars on Amazon ! What are you people smoking ??? It must be pot because this movie is definitely a child of the 60 's . Tacky psychedelic colors , gaudy sexual artwork , weird music , free love , and a couch shaped like an egg . Yep . We 're in the 60 's alright.Sorry folks , but this movie is a real STINKER . It is HORRIBLE ! I am sure that all you fanboys out there -LRB- I 'm sure there wo n't be any girls -RRB- will say that I just did n't `` get it . '' Pray tell , what is there to `` get '' ? A guy is extremely violent -LRB- so we are told -RRB- , the government changes him to not be violent but in doing so takes away his free will , and then that same government later `` cures '' him of his lack of free will by making him violent again . And along the way we are treated to a few extremely tame rape scenes , some quite boring and untintillating sex scenes , some horrible artwork , a bunch of weird people including a guy who grabs our protagonist 's crotch , some cheesy dialogue that no actual person would ever utter , and a few acts of `` ultraviolence '' that were pretty darn weak . Oh , and I nearly forgot ... Some accompanying classical music . Did I miss anything?At least I did get to see some boobs . As a guy I can appreciate such a thing . But that does n't redeem this movie , or make it worth watching by any means.I am not a fanboy who grew up watching this . I was born a decade after this movie came out . I decided to watch this movie because I had saw that it was one of the most critically-acclaimed and best sci-fi movies of all time . WTF ? This movie STINKS !!! The things that I enjoyed most about this movie were not intended by the creator . I enjoyed looking at all the pschedelic 60 's crap in the movie . It 's always fun to look at all the funky things that people back then envisioned for the future . A couch shaped like a big plastic egg ? Sure . Weird porno art on everybody 's walls ? No problem . A bar with statues of naked women serving as tables ? Sounds good to me . Something better than a giant record player as a sound system ? Sorry . That 's just too difficult to envision.The acting in this movie was really strange . People said and did things that made absolutely no sense whatsoever , for inexplicable reasons . Their facial expressions also did all kinds of weird things that were nothing that any actual human being could ever relate to . It was slightly comedic at times , which almost made the movie worth watching . ALMOST.I liked watching Malcom McDowell 's acting . He was very energetic and interesting . The movie would have suffered even more than it already does without him . I did n't recognize him as Dr. Soren from Star Trek
 This movie represents 2 hours of my life that I wish I had back ! Two hours that I could have been dusting my house or listening to Kenny G ! If zero stars were an option , that 's what I 'd give it . I just kept wishing it were over , but out of sheer stubborness I finished watching the entire thing -LRB- not a prudent move -RRB- ! Thank God I checked it out from the library and did n't waste 4 dollars to rent it ! Maybe in 1972 it would have been something to rave about -LRB- cinematography , score , blah , blah , blah -RRB- but it is terribly dated and I can think of a dozen classier ways to get the moral of the story across than this ! Maybe if you 're in film school you may get a shred of something worthwhile out of it -LRB- maybe not -RRB- , but for the majority of us who are n't , it 's a complete waste of time !
 boring movie made buyz stanely kubroiicj about a group of futureistic kids who are ytring to destroy the world . dumb indeas are put up on screen . hopefully many other wpnt ever see this film again . word bros !
 Ha ! No , I do n't think this film is horrible , but I could n't resist that title . Even though it 's not horrible , it 's far from as great as I had been led to believe it would be . Had I been alive and able to view this movie when it was first released , I might feel differently . But having heard so much about how this movie is a masterpiece I felt as if I had been somehow misled when I finally got to see it . The first half of the film is almost laughable , from the opening scene of the clearly-in-his-thirties-instead-of-a-teenager Alex with the goofy `` tattoo '' around his right eye and his `` droogs '' sitting at their bar drinking tall glasses of what looks like milk -LRB- making these tough `` gang '' members even more laughable -RRB- I feared this was going to be pure cheese whiz . The scenes of violence and mayhem are so tame that it 's amazing there was so much controversy surrounding this movie . I felt like I was watching a play with a very stilted performance by an unprofessional cast . Let 's not forget the ridiculous gang member outfits , complete with codpiece . Although , I suppose they are no less silly than today 's baggy-below-the-butt pants.The second half where Alex is sent to prison and then his subsequent time in the program becomes interesting . The messages about good , and wanting to choose good rather than being conditioned to be good are interesting , but the surrounding datedness of the film makes it hard to get any of the movie 's more interesting messages about morality.This is the punishment element perhaps ... It 's pretty clear the doctors have no idea what they are doing . They are just looking for a quick way to cut down crime . They are not concerned with the fact that they are not making someone a true Christian if they do n't feel it inside . In fact , Alex states his first impulse upon seeing the naked girl at his `` test '' is to want to have the old in-out with her . So he does n't want to be good . He has to be good , which is n't the same thing.The music of the film is used in a fascinating way.It 's bizarre alright .
 Stanley Kubrick 's A CLOCKWORK ORANGE was at the time a controversial motion picture . The dirctor withdrew it until its re-release in 2000 , a year after his death.While many audiences consider the film a masterpiece , I consider the film rather poor . Malcolm McDowell 's performance is over the top , no doubt about it.Alexander ` Alex ' DeLarge is a vicious teenager in a violent future . At nights , he takes part in many repulsive events including rape and murder . However , after turning on his friends many time , they claim revenge and leave him to the police . Alex if forced to undergoe horrific experiments designed to brainwash him and remove his free will.I fail to understand why the film impresses many people , and it is likely that I will never .
 I 'm not sure why I 've given this movie one star . Perhaps it 's because of McDowell 's acting , which is good . When I saw the film in 1971 it made a big impact
 I bought A Clockwork Orange not really knowing what to expect . My dad had reccomended it to me and I liked Stanley Kubrick 's other work -LRB- The Shining -RRB- and it sounded interesting . After viewing it , I was a little harsh on it , a little disgusting at the content it presented , but after thinking about it , I realized I loved it . Do beware
 Well , not really an accurate rating ... As a movie it gets 5 stars , but as a DVD it gets 1 . Nothing new here at all -LRB- `` awards won '' does not count ... this can be found anywhere -RRB- . Worst of all , the box claims `` widescreen '' but it is not . A total waste of money if you own it on VHS .
 recieved my dvd with some sort of film resedue on it and it wont play
 so i finally watched the movie after i heard all it 's praise , and it was n't worth the money . So the book has potential because i thought the story was alright , but things were dragged on incredibly long . Such as the rape scenes , those were show much longer than actually needed . so i say again that maybe the book show more potenial . but as for the movie , it 's another thing ruined by the decade of the 70 's .
 I do n't understand the greatness of this movie.It 's hard tounderstand and seems to have no point whatsoever.Nothing reallybothers me about this film like rape , chessy clothes and sets , etc.The only thing that bothers me is that I ca n't seem to make it clear through because it is so boring . Maybe some good LSD would make it seem better .
 A terrible shame that one of the best movies of all time is released in such a rotten DVD transfer . BEWARE -- the description of this DVD hides that it is in MONO ! I thought my DVD player was broken but eventually figured out this is a mono production -- using only the center speaker on most home theater systems . Even the mono has a lot of hissing.The original film depends on an awesome soundtrack that supports its tension and mood . I remember buying the soundtrack -LRB- one of the few times I 've done this -RRB- when it first came out . The film 's impact is all but lost with such poor mono sound . Do n't buy this ! Wait for a better DVD release .
 Disturbing , shocking , and daring are words that have been used to laud this film . But after so many years of `` artists '' trying so very hard to disturb and shock me , I would love to see someone use art to illumine or enlighten me . `` A Clockwork Orange '' is a product of its time , an ossified attempt to create profundity by merely disturbing and shocking the viewer . I would really like to think that the art world -LRB- not just film , but music , painting , and sculpture as well -RRB- is ready to get over its adolescent obsession with sex and violence and surrender itself to art 's greatest strength -- to elevate humanity and celebrate all that is truly good and beautiful . I have seen many Kubrick films , and this is very close to being his worst .
 I had the same reaction to this film as the hero had to crime after his treatment .
 i ordered the two disc-special edition of this movie and it only came with one of the discs . i would have been okay with that if the one disc happened to be the disc that had the movie on it . unfortunately , the one disc i did receive was the directors commentary and such . waste of time and money .
 This movie is full of violence every 5 minutes and should not be viewed by anyone . The director of this film , who is now dead , was definitely on some kind of trip when he made this film . It is a total waste of film and should be destroyed . Do n't waste your money or time ...
 I realize that this is a much venerated cult classic . Some even say it represents the zenith of Kubrick 's distinguished career . With Kubrick and Burgess as the director and novel writer , you ca n't ask for a better team than that . Perhaps that caused me to have unrealistically high expectations that were n't fulfilled . I was also familiar with some of Burgess 's scholarly work in philology -LRB- I being sort of an amateur linguist -RRB- and had great respect for Burgess because of that . -LRB- Burgess was also considered an expert on primitive languages and was the consultant for the movie , `` Quest for Fire '' -RRB- . Unfortunately , for me the movie is an almost total , abject failure , and I say that as someone who is a fan of both Burgess and Kubrick . The story of a gang of London street toughs has been told so many times that the idea is shopworn , and putting it in the near future does n't make it anymore interesting or original . By the standards of the time , the violence in the flick was considered brutal , but by present-day standards it 's quite tame . I do n't hold that against it ; it 's just that even by the standards of the time it 's not that violent , despite the film having been banned in several countries.The future society Burgess creates is n't that interesting or shocking , although it tries hard to be the later . The movie tries to use shocking imagery to paint a picture of a dreary , desperate , violent future society , but ends up looking like a slightly weirder , lame version of the 60s -- art deco couches shaped like eggs , strange fashions in clothes with codpieces for the men , walls covered with nude posters , a society made up of haves and have-nots , lots of crime and violence -- this is supposed to be shocking ? It was n't that different from what existed then , or now.Although McDowell turns in a fine performance as Alex -- one of the few high points in the movie is his performance -- a lowlife like Alex probably would n't care for Beethoven . I suppose this is an attempt by Burgess to show that Alex had some `` higher nature '' or sensibilities and is somehow worth rehabilitating , but that 's unlikely . Finally the avoidance conditioning used as punishment likely would n't work the way it 's described in the movie.So overall , the story is n't particularly interesting and the future society Burgess envisages is n't that scary or shocking even by the standards of the time . I did n't read the original book , but being by Burgess , I 'm sure it had depths , nuances , and complexities that could n't be explored in only a two-hour movie , but unfortunately , very little of that comes through in the movie . So although I had high hopes for it , I have to give this one the thumbs down . I rate it two stars for effort , but really , that 's being generous . As someone once said , maybe this is the sort of movie that people profess to like in order to show how cultured they are . Well , it 's one thing to not have any learning or erudition in artistic matters , but saying that something is truly great that is as bad as this is something I just do n't understand.By the way , the review by Clint the Cool Guy , which is several pages back from my more recent review , critiques the film 's shortcomings in much more detail than mine . I recommend you read his review also . I agree with almost everything he said , and he says it better than me . I gave it two stars , but he gave it only one . He might be right .
 A Clockwork Orange is horrid . I consider myself pretty liberal in thinking and tastes , but this film crossed a line that I did n't even know existed . It was so bad that I was ashamed to let anyone in my house see me watching it . I stuck around till the end to see if there could possibly be some redeeming factor that warranted all the hype - NOPE!Gratuitous violence , rape , and murder without rhyme or reason . This film is so disturbing , if anyone I knew even said they `` liked '' this movie I would seriously re-evaluate our friendship - it 's a serious character flaw . The fact that so many have found artistic merit in this filth is sad . This is certainly not one of the greatest movies of all time , it could quite possibly be THE WORST . Ever . Oh let me count the adjectives
 I can honesty say that this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen . Maybe because i did n't really understand it , but i thought it was boring , did n't like the concept , the acting , directing , or anything else about this movie . I am not a hard person to please when it comes to movies , especially classics wise -LRB- like One Flew Over the Cookoos Nest -RRB- , but this movie just did n't do it for me . I heard good things about this movie from friends , so i rented it and was VERY VERY disappointed , and i do n't think i could even watch it again without pulling my hair out consistently until the finish .
 In all honesty , I wanted to give Clockwork Orange zero stars , but there can be no denying the effectiveness of Malcolm McDowell 's performance or of Stanley Kubrick 's presentation . They present the film 's story with tremendous effect.Therein lies what makes the film horrible . McDowell plays Alex , a thug who spends his days raping , robbing , and otherwise violating the lives of innocent people . He is arrested and subjected to a government experiment to make thugs into clockwork oranges - drugs and hypnosis rob Alex of his aggression and make him repelled by sexuality , and thus unable to commit any further crimes . But the experiment blows up in the face of the government ; by robbing Alex of his aggression , they 've also robbed him of his ability to defend himself , so when his victims come calling , you do n't have to imagine the vengeance they exact . Thus horrified , the government turns Alex back to his normal degenerate self.There is supposed to be a moral lesson here , but we 're not sure what it is . Kubrick establishes Alex as a worthless punk , but we are meant to be more horrified that he would be made docile and thus unable to defend himself when his victims get even with him . Provocative , yes , but such a theme also insults the viewer 's intelligence ; why should we sympathize with a man who deserves to be brutalized ? Is Kubrick against the idea of punishment of criminals?The film earns brownie points for looking at its subject with audacity , but ultimately fails because of a very real moral illiteracy .
 You would enjoy chewing on aluminum foil more than this piece of trash . This movie made me sick , especially the scene that glorifies rape . I see no excuse for this movie to have been made except to shock and offend which it does to the max ! Do yourself a favor , and instead of watching this , shave your head with a cheese-grater . You will enjoy it more .
 I saw this picture on the big screen when it was first released . Just about all the people I knew kept telling me how great the movie was so I went to see it . Well , I disagreed with all the praise then , and still do . I thought it was ... -LRB- awful -RRB- to sit through , full of double standard cinematography , and chauvinistic attitudes going way beyond what the Burgess novel was about . About two years later I ventured to see it again to see if my attitude toward the picture had changed . It had n't . I still felt that it was an extremely bad picture . I ca n't fault the acting or the art direction . What I could not stomach then and still ca n't stomach is the way Kubrick handled the material . I have enjoyed other Kubrick movies -LRB- notably `` Dr. Strangelove '' , `` 2001 '' , and `` Spartacus '' -RRB- but `` Clockwork '' continues to leave me cold . The violence is sickening , the attitudes of the characters -- as well as Kubrick 's attitudes ! -- are appalling . No amount of Rossini and Wendy Carlos 's music can save this movie from being the most overrated and most depressing movie anybody ever made . Ghastly ! Absolutely Ghastly !
 Hideous , obnoxious , pretentious . Unforgivable defamation of Beethoven . Ugly looking sets , costumes , and people . Overwrought satire . Horrible , horrible movie , possibly the worst I ever saw .
 `` is free will more important than being good ? '' this movie asks . `` No '' I replyed , `` if criminals have their freedom , then good people will lose their freedom . ''
 A Clockwork Orange - the 1971 , controversial sci-fi black comedy was directed by the notoriously hard perfectionist Stanley Kubrick and stared the ` popular-at-the-time ' Malcolm McDowell . The movie was difficult to make , with the original rape victim leaving the project due to numerous takes and being the cause for a recast , and McDowell scratching his eyes and nearly drowning in two famous scenes . Still , the film is an overrated disaster in my book.The film concerns the brutal Alex DeLarge , a repulsive , careless rapist who enjoys himself by attacking innocent people in a terrifying future with his friends , Pete , Georgie and Dim . Fifteen minutes into the film , and many viewers , most likely women , would have fled from the cinema . In these fifteen minutes , the gang attack a tramp with sticks and chains , although we see little of the attack and it cuts quite quickly to the next scene . Here , we see Billyboy and his own four friends attempting to assault a young woman , when Alex and the gang visit . The woman escapes and there is a fight , although it 's mostly just chairs and glass they fight with , the camera is a fair distance away and there is no sight of blood . When many viewers will find this scene unsettling , it would be suitable for even youngsters . Then there is the famous rape scene , although , again , we see very little of it and it cuts to the next scene . This scene shows us Alex 's obsession with Beethoven and how Alex and ` droog ' Dim may not get along too well.After Alex ends the night listening to Beethoven 9th Symphony , it is the next morning , when Alex comes across Mr Deltoid . Deltoid advises Alex to keep his hands to himself , but , as he would , Alex does n't listen . Minutes later , we experience a fast-motion orgy scene , while more classical music plays in the background.Afterwards , the film slowly becomes tedious and unentertaining , although there is an interesting scene in slow-motion in which Alex turns on his friends and kicks them into the river , showing them who is ` master and leader . ' That night , Alex breaks into a woman 's house , strikes her over the head with a large statue and escapes , although his friends get their revenge and leave him to the police . Alex undergoes extreme experiments in prison meant to cure him of his wicked ways , and he leaves prison , where he bumps into vengeful victims from the past.With over-the-top performances and direction and somehow irritating production design , A Clockwork Orange failed to keep me compelled , although it is clear that quite alot of the public love it to bits . I expected more , and got little . A Clockwork Orange is not a masterpiece , but an overrated disaster .
 great movie , but only on vhs . . why would they put out a dvd that is not even stereo ????
 I own this on DVD and VHS . I saw it 14 times in theaters . I know what the film looks like . And Stanley Kubrick was notorious for his pathological compulsion to visual perfection . This Blu-ray looks like complete crap . The producers should be ashamed . What garbage can did they pull their master out of?Go buy the `` 2001 A Space Odyssey '' Blu-ray instead , which was obviously put together by people who were technically very talented . Seriously .
 what i got out of this was that the guys were just casing destruction . and just raping women i tell you this is stupid .
 For the life of me , I ca n't figure out why this movie gets such ratings . I 'm an avid movie watcher without particular tastes . Will watch just about anything even if I 've read the book & not judge according to original stories . This movie just plain sucks , but because it was written by someone of notable existence & in '72 I think , he must have been ahead of his time , right ? ~ NOT ! It sucked when I tried to watch it 25 years ago when I walked out of the theater & it sucked even more when I watched it as an adult nearly a decade ago now .
 This movie was pure and utter trash . You will be offended and shocked by this films violence and portrayal of rape , and religion . I cut it off after the first 15 minutes or so . I could n't pollute my mind any further with this junk . There are other great Kubrick films out there . Pick from one of those and leave this one to the dogs .
 I 'm not familiar with Stanley Kubrick and I was n't even born yet when this movie came out . All I can say is that this movie was way too long and I had to force myself to continue watching it to the annoying end . There were also way too many phallic images presented throughout the course of film . Just way too many . If you think the government giving a person medication to change bad behavior is controversial , just wait a few years . Soon your DNA will be collected as soon as your out of the womb . Your DNA will be tested to see if you have a `` criminal gene '' and then off you go to a facility to be given a microchip and medication to control you . I saw this movie once and I never want to see it again . Skip this one at all costs .
 That was a stupid movie with too much violence and sex . The violence served no purpose and this movie is proof that hollywood thinks they can make crappy movies and call it artistic . What a waste of film and time .
 The Shining , Full Metal Jacket , and parts of 2001
 Ok , so he 's a punk . He has a gang , and he 's pretty ... You know ... Alpha male . They go around and raise hell . They apparently raised so much this one time some victims die . Well , he gets arrested and they do this association program where violence , sex , and unfortunately Beethoven will make him sick.So he gets out ... And it happens . His friends become cops and they turn on him . He runs into a victim of his and he knows what happened to him , locks him into this room and plays Beethoven and completely tortures him . He jumps out of a window and finds himself in a hospital with a lawyer who can apparently litigate him out of this situation.End of story ... Pointless . So was Full Metal Jacket ... But ... That 's a popular one too
 This movie is the worst watse of two and a half hours . I 've seen better reform movies than this hunk of s ** t !
 I heard this movie was originally rated X , so of course being the rebel I am , I decided to go and watch it . Man , was I disappointed or what ! I was expecting a risque movie . Instead it was an `` artistic '' movie with only about ten sex scenes . I was expecting hot stuff ! I was robbed , I tell you . This movie is overrated cal . You guys only like it because you feel smart trying to translate the funny language they use . Stanley Kubrick is lame , watch some Uwe Boll instead .
 though i did see this film when i was eighteen with my father , i must admit , after watching it on my own , as much i love violence in movies because i am a hardcore horror film freak , i admit i have a soft side for frank sinatra 's music considering i am also a heavy metal fanatic ! i can not and will not own this film because stanleykubrick -LRB- in my minds eye -RRB- ruined my favorite frank sinatra song which i can no longer listen to without thinking of this film and the song is `` singing in the rain `` playing in the background during a surrealistic RAPE SCENE ?! the only film i can still watch by stanley kubrick is `` 2010
 While A Clockwork Orange may have been a brilliant portrayal of society 's ills and problems when it was produced , I do n't see it . On the contrary , it reminds me of modern day productions such as South Park and Beevis and Butthead . While they may be satirical in nature and very thought provoking as to society 's problems , A Clockwork Orange simply seemed to be portraying sex , drugs , violence , mental illness , and corrupt governmental institutions just to be doing it without any reasoning . Again , when it was first released it may have had some social significane , but it just seemed to be stereotype after stereotype without significance .
 Maybe its because I 'm a latecomer to seeing this movie . When it was released it may have well been groundbreaking ; but in 1999 it 's just plain weird . It comes across as pretentious and absurd . While there are clearly brilliant scenes , as a whole the movie is little more than an attempt to shock and offend . Those are admirable elements within a movie but insufficient to suppply its foundation .
 `` A Clockwork Orange '' is a movie about this gangster kid Alex and his buddies who like to go around destroying people 's lives . Then Alex is caught by the State which is portrayed as impersonal and monstrous , itself . Alex undergoes a rehabilitation program that conditions him to be incapable of violence , then he 's released into the world where he is victimized by the people he once abused . Then he hits his head and he 's back to normal , and this is supposed to be a good thing.Due to Kubrick 's reputation as a legendary director , and to a pervasive liberal culture of uncritical and irresponsible tolerance , you enter this film practically pre-brow-beaten into thinking it 's some kind of epic statement about society . And that your anger and revulsion is just premature enlightenment.Crap all over that . Alex is a monster who does not deserve sympathy . Kubrick may have had some brilliantly flawed justification for celebrating the right to be aggressively evil as long as it 's `` your true nature . '' I wonder if Kubrick would stand by that belief if an Alex and his buddies broke into his house and cut his legs off just for the hell of it . Could that be why Kubrick holed himself up in a fortress , or so I read ? Taking a rapist and a murderer who genuinely enjoys it for its own sake and then making him out to be a hero is poignantly appalling , regardless of the context . The film also has a quite poisonous way of intimating that you may think Alex is scum now , but eventually you 'll see the light and laud his freedom to be himself.I disagree . If you nurture evil people , there will be more of them around , and more human suffering . Maybe it 's of a piece with some Ayn Randian agenda where the evil people kill off everyone except those with the resources to survive . Sounds like hell on earth to anyone except deeply arrogant sociopaths , I guess.I think most people think this movie is a sublime masterpiece . I found it to be an evil sociopath waving his junk in your face for two hours .
 When I first saw this film , I was an adolescent , and I enjoyed it . But now that I 'm all grown up , I feel that A Clockwork Orange is empty , and it was probably made for people who do n't have a lot going on `` upstairs '' . Just look at the people you meet in your life who quote this film . Are these people that you admire ? If so , maybe you will like this film.But do n't be fooled . A Clockwork Orange has nothing to do with clocks or oranges . It is about friendship and betrayal . The main character `` Alex '' is betrayed by his friends the `` droogies '' . Spoiler alert : I 'm giving this film a two star rating -LRB- instead of one star -RRB- because it does have a happy ending . In the end , Alex is successfully rehabilitated . So it gives us hope that doctors in the future will be able to cure people more effectively than they do today .
 Stanley Kubrick 's ` ultra-violent ' sci-fi comedy A CLOCKWORK ORANGE was released in 1971 , but banned by the director until its re-release after his death in 1999 . The film was highly controversial , spawning copycat crimes of rape and brutal murder . Court cases proved that the film was the reason for the crimes committed by the young criminals . It was when Kubrick received several death threats in 1973 that he withdrew the film from all countries.The film concerns Alexander DeLarge , the vicious young criminal involved in serious crimes , who is forced to suffer from psychological experiments designed to turn him towards the good rather than evil.Many critics consider the film a masterpiece , others consider it repulsive rubbish . Upon my first viewing , I considered it highly overrated , poorly acted and sick . However , I gave it another chance and watched it again , and the film became more addictive and better on each viewing . I ca n't decide - is the film great , or is this the film bad?Still , the film 's use of mixing violence with classical music -LRB- mostly Beethoven -RRB- is slick , whilst Malcolm McDowell 's performance , although it suits Alex 's character , is rather over-the-top . The audience will begin to wonder how Alex became what he is -LRB- a sick , brutal teenager . -RRB- Was it his childhood ? Most likely , though , it is the world around him to blame , for it is run by the ` ultra-violence ' that he loves so much . It would have been good to know how Alex became what he was . It 's interesting , though , because in the deleted final chapter of the novel , written by Anthony Burgess , Alex becomes tired of violence.Stanley Kubrick mixes black humour with the sex violence violence , especially in the rape scene in which Alex chants ` Singin ' in the Rain ' when trashing the house and stripping the victim . This also shows in the fight scene , because ` The Thieving Magpie ' plays whilst the two gangs fight with glass , chains and sticks , and it shows in the fast-motion orgy sequence when the ` William Tell Overture ' plays.For its time , in 1971 , A CLOCKWORK ORANGE was a shocking film , although by todays standards there are films out there with more sex and violence.Meanwhile , I still fail to decide whether the film is any good or not . I 'm going more towards the film being bad , but more viewings may change my mind.Although I do n't own the DVD , I am aware that many owners of the DVD are satisfied with the picture and sound quality , but disappointed with the extras -LRB- only a trailer is included . -RRB- I can remember , though , searching Malcolm McDowell 's site and reading text claiming that a new special edition DVD with a commentary by McDowell is in the works . Could it be true ????
 Rant time.SK seems hooked on sex and violence . He uses Burgess ' book as a vehicle for his warped mind to work on . It is a sick movie . The themes put forward in the movie could have been done in a less thoroughly perverse way.If he had seriously wanted the world to benefit from his interpretations of Burgess ' book it may have been better for him to have toned it down but that 's no good because you can achieve notoriety and fame for producing ` art ' that appeals to a relatively minor group too with a lot less effort hence Clockwork Orange the movie.The pluses were that Malcolm McDowell did a great job and that the music was awesome shame the movie did n't live up to it . For that it gets one star.Sho .
 I have to agree with the veiwer who said `` A Sickening Picture - Bottom of the List ! You would enjoy chewing on aluminum foil more than this piece of trash . This movie made me sick , especially the scene that glorifies rape . I see no excuse for this movie to have been made except to shock and offend which it does to the max ! Do yourself a favor , and instead of watching this , shave your head with a cheese-grater . You will enjoy it more '' I do n't think I need to add anything to his/her great review .
 I use to read for a while before buying any Stuff , So I think I usually make the right choice ... But not with this one . This movie is totally overrated and weird . The characters , the music , etc. , I was thinking what kind of people would enjoy this movie ? . I think sadism and madness are not a good movie topic -LRB- in most times -RRB- . If you watched Natural Born Killers and you liked it , I think you will enjoy this one too , but if you hated it -LRB- as me -RRB- you will hate this one even more . I consider myself as an open mind about movies , I enjoy very different genres but I do n't get why anyone could enjoy movies like this one . If you want to compare your movie `` taste '' with mine , my preferred movies are
 My class had to watch this movie , and half of us think it 's disgusting while the other half thought it was a masterpiece . Well , personally , I thought it was repulsive . The violence and nudity were nothing less than shocking . I 'm not blaming Kubrick , it 's just how the story goes . After watching 30 minutes of it , I had to turn off the TV .
 I loved `` Dr. Strangelove '' , so I thought I would check out some of Kubrick 's other films . Sadly , I found the much-lauded `` Clockwork Orange '' a complete waste of time.The film 's opening is nothing but mindless sex and violence . I ca n't stand films that rely on shock value , and the genuine misogyny shown here made me want to puke . I understand it 's supposed to be satire . But satire works a lot better when there 's at least one sympathetic character in a film , and in this film there is none . The attempt to portray Alex , the main character , as a victim of the Establishment garnered no sympathy from me whatsoever - letting him live was much too kind of the Establishment , in my opinion.The sixties/seventies common belief that people need to be `` liberated '' by watching graphic sex and violence has been pretty well disproven in my view . All it does is desensitize . Ten minutes into this film I no longer cared about what happened to any of the characters - it would have been a good idea to bring in some of the atomic bombs from `` Dr. Strangelove '' and blow the entire world of `` Clockwork Orange '' to Smithereens.The film attempts to garner sympathy for the main character by showing him brutalized by the Establishment and finally `` reformed '' - learning how to behave properly is portrayed as this brutal process that robs innocent criminals of their individuality . Waaaaah.The people who love this movie and worship it as some kind of classic are likely the same ones who refuse to discipline their children , because of course any sort of discipline crushes the spirit.The premise of the film is idiotic and its relentless misogyny and violence are disgusting . There are much better films with similar themes out there ; do n't waste your time with this stinker unless you 're a masochist .
 Note that this review is based upon an old video tape version , not a recent DVD versionI have n't read it , but from what I 've garnered from reviews of the Burgess book , the `` point '' to this story is that a `` liberal '' government , if taken to an extreme , would result in a `` dehumanized society . '' I , for one , can forgive Burgess this obvious error . For example , if you compare the USA to Western Europe , you find that there is plenty of violent crime in the most `` conservative '' regions , yet very little in Western Europe . Moreover , you do n't find much creativity or `` freethinking '' in the areas that voted for McCain by a wide margin -LRB- in the 2008 Presidential election -RRB- . However , many have said that the more `` liberal '' areas of the USA are quite similar to Western Europe , especially `` right-wing '' pundits who like to do things such as to call for a boycott on French imports . Burgess seems to think that there will be small pockets of more `` traditional '' living , which Alex can choose if he wishes , by including passages about one of Alex 's fellow gang members who `` settles down '' -LRB- which is omitted in the film -RRB- . One major problem here is that the psychological reality of such situations is highly unrealistic . That is , after committing such horrendous acts , how many people are going to settle down and live a `` Leave it to Beaver '' kind of life , with little excitement and many responsibilities ? I 'd like to have been given some insight into the workings and genesis of Alex 's psychopathic mind . Is it because of the `` liberal '' government ? If so , that is simply ludicrous . Again , look at recent history . Was the Columbine massacre located in some `` super liberal '' community of old , wasted hippies ? Because I did n't read the book , I ca n't say how Burgess tried to resolve such obvious problems , if he even tried -LRB- perhaps he just meant it as more in jest than something to be taken too seriously by the reader -RRB- , but the focus here is on the movie , so I 'll move on to it now.Kubrick takes a clearly unrealistic vision -LRB- at least at this point in history -RRB- and turns it into utter nonsense . There are no sympathetic characters , and there is little if any exposition on why the people in the film behave as they do . If they have been `` dehumanized '' by a `` liberal '' -LRB- or any other kind of -RRB- government , we need to see how it occurs or occurred . I do n't really care all that much about what happens to `` little Alex. '' To be honest , if he had been taken to a judge and summarily executed after being caught `` red handed , '' I would n't have minded ! I do n't have a problem with the `` background '' of a criminal being taken into account in criminal courts -LRB- if it is reasonable , of course -RRB- , but all we see here is a psychopathic personality who needs to be stopped . If this film is meant to make viewers consider the `` glamorization of violence , '' it succeeds in doing the opposite -LRB- and how much of such glamorization was there circa 1970 , when what was on the minds of most Americans was Vietnam and `` race riots '' -RRB- ? Kubrick shows us more than one of these youth gangs , but we do n't get a sense of what the overall society is like . There is what appears to be a public housing project that contains the small but nice apartment that Alex and his family reside in -LRB- the decor might nauseate you , but it is consistent in several different living areas , making it appear that this was the style of the times -LRB- which was also the style circa 1970 among many young people -RRB- , so it 's unclear what is meant by the decor , though the prison was `` old fashioned , '' which is problematic , though minor when compared to several other ones . The lobby of the housing project is a shambles , as are other areas of some of the urban area we are shown , but again viewers are given no clues about why this is the case . There are two houses that are very nice , both on the inside and outside , but again , we ca n't discern why from the film . If there are extreme socio-economic -LRB- or at least economic -RRB- differences among people in this future society , then how `` liberal '' can that be considered?And how `` liberal '' is it to allow teenage gang member to drink concoctions that make them `` ultra violent ? '' That is just stupid , and this seems to be more of a `` libertarian '' idea than a `` liberal '' one -LRB- and for those who do n't know , most `` libertarians '' in the USA these days seem to align themselves with the Republican party , and not the Democrats -RRB- . But again , this is a minor problem , though part of the major issue about furnishing the viewer with some sense about why this future society is the way it is presented in the very limited glimpses we get of it , as we follow the `` highlights '' of Alex 's life at a certain period in time.Basically , Kubrick is guilty of very poor `` storytelling '' here , and that is something no maker of a fictional piece of entertainment can be forgiven -LRB- in my opinion , of course -RRB- . If he wanted to change the point of Burgess ' book , that 's fine , but then you have to do a lot more work . If he was interested in warning us about what a few powerful people can do to society in general , in terms of `` social engineering '' or something else , then the better subject might have been Alex 's parents , because most people do not become anywhere near as brutal and devoid of humanity as Alex under the worst of social conditions . How about the young people who were victimized by people like Alex ? We do n't see them at all , unless you count the young woman who was about to be raped by the rival gang , and who ran off the stage without the viewer learning anything about her . Was this common ? Was it mostly something those of the lowest socio-economic strata had to fear ? We are not even given the slightest of clues!One thing I did find interesting was how many scenes were set up to have a stage-like quality , or were actual stages . It seemed like Kubrick wanted us to think that `` all the world 's a stage , '' and yet I ca n't imagine how this fits in with Burgess ' book or the general idea of youth , bored by some sort of a `` nanny state '' -LRB- as some `` right wing '' pundits say here in the USA -RRB- , will be lead to either a mindless or psychopathic lifestyle . Moreover , the viewer does learn that there is some sort of `` opposition politics '' in the society , and so again there is an obvious problem , which is that in such societies , there is rarely a great deal of movement to one extreme or the other.That leaves the reader to question how things got so `` out of hand '' if the people could have voted for a different vision of society once they saw that one party 's governance was not what they desired . Here , I think Kubrick needed to change things , with `` liberals '' taking over and there being no opposition party . At least in 1970 , `` conservatives '' might have agreed with this , though they would still have condemned the sexual violence in the film , which `` liberals '' would have been -LRB- and I 'm guessing were -RRB- more willing to tolerate . If he did show us a society run as a `` liberal nanny state , '' then the `` old fashioned '' prison system we witnessed would have to have been very different . Again , this may have meant some major changes to the book , and I do n't know how creative Kubrick was in this area , considering how his movies were not written by him , but were adaptations of books.I think the most generous way to look at this film is to view it as a kind of fable . It 's something along the lines of `` Little Red Riding Hood , '' really . However , that story added a magical realist element , as some might say today , whereas this film used sound and imagery to `` dazzle '' use with would make most of us want to vomit if we saw it they way it actually occurs . Furthermore , there certainly seemed to be an argument here for a `` conservative agenda . '' That is , the notion that people are inherently `` bad , '' and that the few who have -LRB- for some reason -RRB- `` moral fortitude '' need to do all in their power to keep the greedy , lustful , lazy , potentially violent , and/or morally bankrupt `` masses '' from getting what they want -LRB- or think they want -RRB- . And all of this we are supposed to just accept , without being given any reasonable explanation for it.Sorry , I 'm not `` buying '' any of it . And what 's more , I have n't even been given any reason to do so , not even a bad reason ! I might be able to get a few minor chuckles from a book that imagines a society where `` liberalism '' runs amok , though I might not believe that it could ever actually occur , but Kubrick 's vision is as unappealing as one can imagine , as well as being unrealistic -LRB- or does `` liberalism '' not include a democratic political system , where people can vote for change if they do n't like current policies ? -RRB- . When I was in my twenties , I really liked this film . My thought was that this was a vision of what could happen in society if the `` glorification of violence '' was `` taken too far . '' Now , twenty or so years later , I do n't think that this view makes sense , in terms Kubrick 's intentions . Nor do I think it makes sense in terms of what has happened since then -LRB- for example , many nations enjoy violent Hollywood movies yet there is n't much violent crime -RRB- . I think that I now have a `` reality check '' that films need to pass if I am to take them seriously , unless -LRB- as perhaps Burgess ' intent was in the novel -RRB- it 's not meant to be taken seriously . Kubrick , leaving all the `` glamorization '' aside , seems to have been deadly serious , though about what , exactly , is unclear .
 This product was listed as `` New '' but was not . The case was open and the DVD was used as evident by the scratches . As a warning , do n't believe what is described .
 `` A Clockwork Orange '' has some very interesting messages about criminal punishment , like who 's really the victim when the victim wants revenge on the criminal who harmed him -LRB- when Mr. Alexander tortures Alex with Beethoven music in the locked house near the end -RRB- and what kind of control the government really has over the indiviudal -LRB- occuring when the doctors `` brainwash '' Alex -RRB- . But , I ca n't believe this film is considered a masterpiece . Filled with scene after scene of rape and assault , and later , endless scenes of the criminal , Alex , wanting to be reformed and getting it at a high price . I think people only celebrate this movie because Stanley Kubrick directed it . I 'm a fan of Kubrick , but I really think he wasted his time on this gloomy , moody piece of nonsense .
 I wish I was british , maybe then I could have understood three words in this movie .
 Yet again a supposed great director as soiled an amazing novel . Before I watched the film I read the script , which wasnt impressive , in that it lacks the innate credibility of the novel . Kubrick didnt want this film to be seen , because of the effects it had i.e the influenced raping and violence , mimicing Alex etc. . Kubrick appears to have completely missed out the point of the novel . The very fact that he annexed several important if not disturbing scenes from the original text , has led to Clockwork Orange being an immortalisation of a violent antihero , with a penchant for classical music . Perhaps if Alex 's maturation at the end of the novel had been shown the film would have been more epic , and if the levels of depravity Alex sinks to such as child rape had been explored , maybe the film might have got across the point of the book . However it didnt so Clockwork Orange lapses into the plethora of fantastic books that modern `` legendary '' film makers have destroyed . Oh and Apocalypse Now is far , far superior to Full Metal Jacket .
 Being a great admirer of Anthony Burgess ' novel I have to say that I was extremely disappointed with Kubrick 's film of it . In my opinion the project was scuppered from the outset by the poor casting
 Now , first I read the book , a masterpiece of Brtitsh author Anthony Burgess , who creasted the slang featured in the film -- not Stanley Kubrick ... -- and , as usual , the movie disappointed me . I generally do n't like Kubrick , as he seems pretentious as all heavens , so I can say that this one is probably among the least-bad out of his `` classic '' era . There are several things he completely -LSB- messed -RSB- - up , creating a film of psychedellic eye-candy that seems to `` glorify '' the violent nature of the book , and he makes the lead into an even purer -LSB- jerk -RSB- than he was in the book , where he seemed to have a bit of sympathy for his mates , amongst other things . If you 're a fan of violence , psychedellic films , pseudo-surrealism , and / or Stanley Kubrick , you 'll probably enjoy this little endeavor from the Bronx 's best-loved hack . If you 're a fan of Anthony Burgess and / or real artists , you probably wo n't enjoy it at all -- I know I did n't .
 The DVD dose n't work on any of my 3 DVD players , i contacted the provider and received nothing in return .
 I know I 'm going against the grain here . But as an adult watching this movie today , I find the message obscured by the drudgery . The sets are extremely tacky , even for the 70 's , and the movie moves slower than molasses . If you have a lot of time to waste , go ahead and watch this movie . There are far better movies that express similar social commentary , but do it at a much more palatable pace .
 I watched this film knowing that it was considered a classic and that references to its characters were plentiful in modern works . I had no idea of the deeply disturbing violence that was in store . Social commentary aside , I now have images of evil seared on my brain that I never wanted . Watch at your own risk .
 The book was incredible . Fresh and stirring . Also , wonderfully disturbing . The movie , however , never made it past `` disturbing . '' The performances and direction fell extremely short of what could have been done with Burgess ' amazing novel . Perhaps my mistake was in reading the book before watching the flick . Either way , it 's obvious that Kubrick was attempting to inject the same level of art and originality into the filmmaking as Burgess did into the book , but , sadly , it was a dismal failure , in which the integrity of the book was lost . Kubrick was a very talented director , but he unfortunately missed the boat with `` A Clockwork Orange . ''
 This movie was far too enigmatic and incoherent to string together . The music lent itself well to the story , yet one that is laughable . I believe that somewhere in its inner recesses lies a meaning as profound as in 2001 , but I could not allow my self to see beyond the silly sets , costumes , and actions . Any movie filled with characters who have purple hair and wear their underwear over their pants is not a good one , even if it was directed by Stanley Kubrick .
 lots of wacky humor poor quality though not very well made give s bad ideas to kids movie down right is crap
 What a waste . This masterpiece of cinematography gets ravaged by the Warner Brothers Marketing Department . My complaints
 There is certainly little to no doubt out there as to the caliber of Malcolm McDowell 's performance in `` Clockwork '' and with the dialogue that he was working with in this movie . However , the fundamental question that bares talking about is whether the social commentary that is made through this character is worthwhile in the context of the movie that contains it . Even though it is clear that `` Clockwork '' is designed to make the viewer think , it does not appear that the points it makes are significant enough to redeem this rather drawn-out and -LRB- at times -RRB- slow movie.The first aspect that `` Clockwork '' tends to come under a great deal of heat for , is its rather graphic and descriptive violence . Do not think that it is being claimed here that the violence was unnecessary ; for , there is really no doubt that -LRB- although horrific -RRB- the violence was quite necessary in order for the character transformation to truly hit home . However , in the case of the message that is being made in this movie , the violence does come across as a bit over-the-top and self-indulgent . Kubrick perhaps lacks a bit of originality in the violence department and opts to show much of the violence when , in many cases , more nebulous imagery could have been used to greater effect -LRB- such as the animation the viewer is presented with at the conclusion of the murder scene -RRB- . Perhaps the most stunning aspect of `` Clockwork '' is to be found in Kubrick 's rather surprising lack of depth in the process by which Alex 's character is actually transformed . The viewer is left with no truly legitimate reason as to why Alex so badly wants to leave this prison or why this treatment is so effective . Perhaps that is not what Kubrick is trying to show ; nevertheless , this section of the movie contains the crux of what this movie is getting at and it is sorely lacking . Further , the character 's `` rehabilitation '' is also somewhat suspect in a very similar fashion . For a movie that attempts to provide such emotional/mental depth , it tends to turn its back and leave the viewer to speculate on such transformations.Without this firm basis on the character 's transformation , it makes it very difficult for the viewer to identify with Alex. Indeed , Malcolm McDowell is to be commended for providing such a phenomenal performance that the viewer is still somehow able to connect with his character . Despite the lack of a concrete progression , the viewer is still compelled to believe that the character is capable of change , and this is where `` Clockwork '' does indeed triumph . Unfortunately , although many supporting actors do give good performances , the depth continues to remain lacking with virtually all other characters who appear throughout the movie -LRB- especially Alex 's parents and droogs -RRB- . In the end , Kubrick has certainly made an attempt at visualizing a book with very strong social commentary . Even though , in most cases , this attempt does fail ... at least it is an attempt , and for that Kubrick deserves to be recognized . `` Clockwork '' does tackle some very difficult issues that many shy away from ; however , one can not help but think that Malcolm McDowell 's previous movie -LRB- `` If ... '' -RRB- perhaps covered the same issues in a more effective manner.Perhaps it is due to this lack of concrete character depth that many viewers lose the point of this movie . Sadly , it is easy to see how easy it is for an individual to become lost in this underdeveloped plot and see `` Clockwork '' as merely a violent and exploitative film .
 First , reviewers who are stupidly bashing those not giving this film glowing reviews by hinting that anyone who did n't like this film is less than intelligent or is narrow-minded should know that Anthony Burgess , the author of the book on which this film is based , absolutely abhored the film . He found it an immature , exploitive version that took far too many liberties with his novel . I agree with much of what Burgess has to say about this film . Those insulting anyone who does n't see this movie as a piece of cinematic brilliance would do well to read Burgess ' take on the film . This film dilutes , rather than equals or surpasses the novel.My first experience with this film was watching a showing in college , surrounded by drunken frat boys gleefully cheering the rapists on and shouting mysogynistic insults throughout . May not be what Kubrick intended , and certainly not Burgess ' intention -LRB- he wrote Orange after his wife was attacked -RRB- , but sad nonetheless.This film is 70s kitsch and pseudo-intellectualism disguised as social commentary . It presents the issue of societal repression vs. anarchy in a juvenile , black and white manner . I 'm generally not offended by sex and violence in movies , but the attacks in Kubrick 's Clockwork are portrayed in such a unrealistically cartoonish , titillating and sometimes almost seemingly comic , manner that they undermine Burgess ' message . The techniques used in the film may have been innovative for their time , but now they come off as being over-the-top and wierdly dated.If you 're one of those who sees Stanley Kubrick as the genius of his genre , you probably will love this film . I do not think it is Kubrick 's best work . I know that many people will disagree with this review . That 's fine . But , my suggestion to those who think I 'm less than intellectual or am narrow-minded for not liking this movie ? Study the book .
 first , the good stuff . the film and sound transfer is quite good . put it on the big screen , crank up the home theater and enjoy ludwig van and a little ultraviolence.now , unfortunately , the bad . we all know that a clockwork orange is a fantastic movie . a disturbing movie . a somewhat hilarious movie at times . there 's no denying or doubting that . the problem that i have is with the packaging and presentation given to this and all the `` stanley kubrick collection '' videos . first of all , there is a box set of these videos available , at no discernable discount . secondly , in typical warner fashion , the stanley kubrick collection is all packaged in the cheap , cardboard , snap-spine cases that i , and many people i know , have come to detest . there are no special features of note , other than the typical trailer throw in , although there is a short documentary on the shining , and one or two cast biographies sprinkled here or there.honestly though , come on , films like a clockwork orange , full metal jacket , dr. strangelove , 2001
 I watch movies to be entertained and to feel GOOD . I do not associate good feelings with sadness , fear , and psychotic episodes . This film is disturbing and unsettling and left me feeling the need to be medicated.I understand why this is a cult classic . We share this world with many disturbed people . Considering the film was released in 1972 , I am certain this film , as many of today 's movies attempt to , pushed the social boundaries of what could and should be done.The film is very artistic , but not ALL art is GOOD art.I would recommend this film to an enemy or a narcholeptic.This is NOT a movie for the SOUND mind .
 I saw this movie in the winter of 1991 and was probably seven months pregnant at the time . I found it to be one of the more upsetting movies I 've ever seen ; and I 've seen a lot of movies . This type of film would attract persons of an anti-social nature and was so difficult and strange to follow . I do n't recommend it to anyone and do n't think its appropriate for anyone under 18 .
 I AM 22 AND FOR ABOUT 7 YEAR I HAVE HEARD PEOPLE TALK ABOUT THE CLOCK WORK ORANGE MOVIE , I HAD BEEN DESCRIBED PARTS OF THE MOVIE AND WAS VERY INTERESTED BY THE MOVIE.ONE I HAD FINISHED WATCHING THE MOVIE I FOUND THIS TO BE BIZZAAR , BUT YOU CAN SEE THAT IN ITS DAY IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A VERY GOOD MOVIE.PREWARNING : - BE PREPARED FOR RAPE AND VIOLENCE AND IF YOU LIKE THE SONG ` SINGING IN THE RAIN ' IT WILL CHANGE YOU VEIW ON THE SONG FOREVER.BUT IF YOU HAVENT SEEN IT I WOULD RECOMMEND TO DO SO .
 A Clockwork Orange is one sick piece of cinema art . First off , I have to congratulate Malcolm McDowell for his twisted and genius performance , did n't know he had it in him . The problem with this film is the grotesque nudity and violent rape scenes , less is more . Stanley Kubrick was a good director but he always had the same formula , show more skin . This film is just too trippy for me , but hey if you 're into that then you will love this film .
 Possibly the worst movie ever made , yet look at the overall ratings ! Brutal , senseless violence supposedly carries some type of social message . Vietnam era abomination evidently still `` entertaining '' any number of disturbed viewers . The appropriate viewing spot for this sickest of films is your local dumpster .
 I just saw this movie for the first time on a large screen with a good print . Unfortunately , I do n't think it 's especially good . I have no problem with either sex or violence , but the way these are used in this movie seems juvenile and tedious . The sensibility that pervades most of it seems more like that of a 14-year old boy than a mature , acclaimed director . Perhaps in 1971 the repetitive `` hooliganism '' episodes and schoolyard-level phallic props were seen by audiences as amusing and even daring but in 2009 they just look a bit pathetic . Probably it was a lot of fun to make the film , but most of the humor feels really dated and the relentless misogyny wears thin really quickly . 2001 and Dr. Strangelove are much better movies , I think .
 I have never entered a theater or turned on a video machine intending to hate a Stanley Kubrick film , but invariably that 's the reaction I leave with , particularly for this waste of time and film . `` Ultra-Violence ? '' I 've seen more disturbing scenes in Spider-Man comic books.Since nothing I can write is likely to tarnish the undeserved reputation afforded to this so-called `` classic , '' I 'll be brief
 ... I know everybody loved this movie . The whole punk movement was influenced by it , and all the cool kids in high school dug it . Malcolm McDowell does an amazing job , and of course Stanley Kubrick leaves a very unique imprint on the vibe of the whole thing.But now EVERYBODY is doing the brutality/sex/shock thing , and the movie theater has become a pretty depressing place to go to . `` Natural Born Killers , '' `` Henry
 Other reviews of Clockwork Orange tell me that I do not like the film because I do not `` get it '' or because I am close-minded . Some of the writers insist that the film has value because of the social commentary it contains , or because it is thought-provoking , or because of its enduring relevancy , or even because of its exceptional cinematography . Nonsense . None of these things justify the dehumanizing brutality of this film . I am not a better human being for having seen the film , and I have not been entertained by it -LRB- I would be too ashamed to admit it if I had been -RRB- .
 I really hate to rain on the parade , but feel moved to write a review as an `` average viewer . '' That is , I saw the film during its theatrical release , when I was 19 ; and I was unaware of any controversy surrounding the film , as I lived far from any `` cultural center . '' -LRB- I was in Arkansas , actually . -RRB- This was the Vietnam era . I was a war protester , cultural misfit , and acidhead . My reaction to the film was , and is , one of boredom . That 's not to say that there are n't some good bits
 I wrote the following some 10 days ago , and when I return to check the reviews , I mysteriously notice that the spec . of the disc has now been changed from ' Region 1 ' to ' All Regions ' - meaning that I am able to order it and play it on my PS3 in Spain where I live . I 'm soory that the single peson who thougt my first review was n't helpful - maybe if you lived in Europe and had this crazy regional thing to put up with - as well as prices often TWICE as high as the same -LRB- sometimes fewer features and discs eg . the BladeRunner Blu-ray release -RRB- the you might just feel different ! Anyway here 's the original comment , which of course , I 've now amended ! '' I 'm a massive Stanley Kubrick fan , and I possess all of his amazing movies on first , videotape , then Dvd . This morning I have ordered The Shining , 2001 , Full Metal Jacket and Eyes Wide Shut - all on Blu-ray format , for obvious reasons ... Yet , when I come to order probably my personal favourite of all of his incredible movies which are ' Region Free ' - I find that Clockwork Orange - unlike the others - is ' Region 1 only ' . Huge disappointment.I am a Brit living in Spain , and own a Play Station 3 , bought essentially for the Blu-ray facility.WHY have Warners done this ? ''
 It 's a shame that Kubrick obviously felt we British are n't responsible enough to see A Clockwork Orange . Out-dated censors I can understand , but a ground breaking film director ? Not good .
 When it comes to this film , I really have to side with Alex. After all that violence and nudity , I think I 'm going to be sick ...
 I watched this movie and could not stand it . It 's overdone sets and costumes that may have been `` cool '' in the seventies look just dumb now . Kubrick did n't go to any lengths to make this film look like the future as he did in 2001 , which I think is boring , but much better than this film . It 's portrayal of nudity -LRB- both male and female -RRB- should have awarded it an X rating , and I ca n't see why it did n't . Maybe because they mixed it with violence -LRB- Does that make sense . I did n't think so . -RRB- And I have absolutely no simpathy for Alex and he got exactly what he deserved .
 One of the most enjoyable aspects of a movie are its characters . The characters of a movie bring joy and life to a film . Many characters in movies have become household names in the United States ; Luke Skywalker , Don Corleone , Michael Myers , etc , etc. . One of the main things I did not like about ' A Clockwork Orange ' was its main character , and that was what ruined the movie . In fact , I think this movie did not have any likable characters , which makes it even harder to watch.Stanley Kubrick 's ' A Clockwork Orange ' has become a cult-classic . I remember in high school , this film was very well known and liked by a lot of people . At the same time , I realized that it was liked because of how grotesque and violent the story was , and not famous for the messages it was trying to convey . The film is based on a book with the same name by Anthony Burgess . I think both the book and movie are vastly overrated . The book was slightly better than the movie , but it still did not impress me that much.One of the main problems with the story is that we have so sympathize with a rapist and a murderer . This is hard to do regardless of what punishments he receives . The basic prolbem is that we have to feel sorry for a character whose main solutions in solving problems is through violent means . Sorry , I can not like somebody like that regardless if his free will is taken away . Let me ask a question to those people who are in favor of this film . Would you still be adulation of Kubrick 's overrated movie if it had starred somebody similar to Jeffry Dahmer , Adolf Hitler , or any other real-life killer ? Think about it and let me know the answer .
 Even though there were occasional brilliances , I kept asking myself why so many people found this movie great . I found the story very incoherent and everything was excessive . It was full of overacting and overdirecting . There are some stories to which movies just ca n't do justice . I 'd rather read the book than watch this movie version . I think people should stop justifying this film only because Kubrik made it .
 The sets , costumes and names are reasonably accurate . The casting is good and the acting is compelling . The historic viability grinds to a halt there . The writing is a strange piece of revisionist history . Some parts have been researched , like the time line of Luther 's life , but his copious writings are referenced little in favor of a more mystical `` interpretation '' . In fact , ironically , Luther is changed into a pious , mild mannered person , more in keeping with what we know of Erasmus . As another reviewer commented , `` the Luther of history is nowhere to be found . `` There is also little to suggest the foundational concept of the Reformation in rejecting apostolic authority and the Church for the authority of `` scripture alone '' . Gross innacuracies are perpetuated , either in ignorance or from ignoring church history , regarding things like indulgences and the availability of the Bible . Why these `` straw men '' are preferred over valid criticisms is not clear . You might find Brother Cadfael to be be more accurate and enjoyable , the historicity is certainly preferable .
 Basic advice
 Of course , one would expect a biographical sketch to be favorable to its object . And so it is that this one is favorable to Dr. Martin Luther . However , at times it is so slanted as to be historically inaccurate and theologically dishonest . There was much praiseworthy in Dr. Luther insofar as he sought truth . Would that more of his biographers would seeking truth as seriously.For instance , this film implies very strongly -LRB- as have many Protestants -RRB- that Luther 's German translation of the New Testament was the first of its kind . It was not . There were previous and better German translations before Luther . And the primary reason the Church opposed Luther 's translation was not because it was a German translation - but because it was a very poor translation slanted to justify his own theological presuppositions . As an example , Luther insisted on adding the word `` alone , '' as in `` faith alone '' where it did not appear in any of the manuscripts for Romans 3:28 . Misrepresentation of the Church and her authority in favor of a stubborn and arrogant insistence that personal interpretation is justified by scripture is another slant . We are encouraged to lift our heads high in Luther 's response that he will only be `` convinced from sacred scripture '' yet never reminded that Luther defined `` sacred scripture '' as only those portions of scripture that supported his theological assertions - putting the cart before the horse as it were . Not only did his followers reject the Deuterocanonical books -LRB- seeWhy Catholic Bibles Are Bigger
 I assumed that since the picture posted was a pic of a DVD , that I would be getting just that . But I should have read the information a little more thoroughly , turns out I was ordering a VHS . Too bad I got rid of my VHS player years ago and ca n't use it .
 It surprised me how lightly the film treats the most important event in the history of the Christian religion . Nothing is said about the deepest thoughts of Martin Luther , nothing about his writings nor the famous 95 theses he nailed to the door of the Wittenberg Church . Why were they so well received by the people ? What was the meanings of them ? Why are they considered the start of the reformation ? It hardly shows the importance of the invention of printing in the spreading of Luther 's movement.What is the importance of having a Bible written in German ? I missed this and many other topics in the film . It is not a matter of telling facts , it 's a matter of introducing people into the mind of a man and the period where he lived . Of understanding why things happened , not in a caricaturist way , but in a real and human sense.It 's just a very bad film about something we could have learned a lot .
 I first rented this movie , & was deeply touched by it . The continuity was excellent , Ustinov & Fiennes were excellent , all in all worthy of a 5 star in most circumstances.Why then , only 2 stars ? After viewing the film , I actually looked up information on Luthor , & he was NOWHERE near the saint he was portrayed as in the film . He was an advocate of Anti-semitism , to the extreme where he wrote that the Jews should be burned in their synagogues , homes , & anywhere else they were to be found . Luthor also condoned the slaughter of 100,000 peasants , & proclaimed logic to be the ` Devil 's Whore ' . There are scenes in the movie where ML is agonizing over the violence , & one scene where ML stops a mob from destroying a church , & rebukes an ardent follower . None of this jibes w/history and the TRUTH
 As the teacher of a women 's Bible class in a Lutheran church , I showed this movieLuther -LSB- VHS -RSB- after the class had completed six weeks of study on Dr. Martin Luther 's life and influence on the Protestant Reformation . I would highly recommend this product because it stays true to historical facts and is not `` padded '' for today 's audiences .
 Despite its production by a branch of the Lutheran church , `` Luther '' the movie has only passing basis in Luther the man . We see the scandal of selling indulgences , which Luther rightly opposed . And we 're told that many in the Church hierarchy agreed with Luther that the sales must be ended.The movie shows one of the first big results of Luther 's new doctrines
 I would not recommend `` Luther '' . Do n't bother to rent it or buy it . I bought it recently and I was disappointed . However , I must say that for us history and church history buffs it is fairly correct and should be enlightening to those not familiar with the Protestant Reformation in Germany.However , the film is not well done . Joseph Finnes , as Martin Luther , is adequate in the role but just . . I think that is a major flaw in the film . He acts with passion but does n't convince us this is really Luther . Besides there is no physical resemblance I could determine . And the love story ... now this might have been interesting considering the biographical data but it simply is inadequate and limps along in very abbreviated scenes with little or no chemistry between Luther and his ex-nun wife.Peter Uskinov as the German prince who supports Luther gives credibility to his part . He steals almost every seen in which he appears . Without him the movie would have completely missed the mark . We become aware of his every gesture and grimace . A great actor , gone now , who will be missed!The crowd scenes are contrived . But we are given a fairly accurate glimpse into the corruption of the Church at that time in history with the selling of indulgences , political contriving , and indifference to the poor on the part of the clergy . Domincans in particular come off pretty black rather than white in their black and white habits . Albert Molina plays John Trexel , a Dominican who was the Pope 's indulgence hengeman , but even he seems somewhat out of place on the set.Luther is made to be more of a revolutionary than a dedicated believer . It is never clear what has truly made the German princes revolt although we know they do and did.We are given no background as to why Luther has his wrestling matches with the devil which include confusing jargon and fit like rolling around . There are hints it may have had something to do with his relationship with his father ... but we never really know for sure . Certainly it is never stated this behavior came from a repressed conscience , and it does not end when he at least expresses that conscience in the `` Here , I stand scene . '' -- perhaps the movie 's worst underplayed moment . If only Finnes had spoken that a little louder and with a bit more conviction ... like I am guessing the real Martin Luther did.Many years ago someone made a film on the life of Francis of Assisi starring Bradford Dillman . It was just as contrived and unreal and poorly acted as this one . Later a good one was made called , `` Brother Sun , Sister Moon . '' Hopefully someone will do this with the life of Luther and cast it well , edit it better , and leave one caring more about what it meant . I hope so ...
 I got the correct movie but not the right format I guess I was not looking when I order figured only dvds were being sold now but I got a VHS not happy had to send it back lost money since i had to pay for shipping .
 `` Luther '' , a hagiographic biopic funded by the Lutheran church , succeeds in little more than telling us that Martin Luther was a Great Man . Although the cinematography is sumptuous and the actors compentent , it is , for the most part , historically inaccurate , dramatically dull and even surprisingly fails to give more than a cursory glance at Luther 's main ideas . I ca n't see `` Luther '' appealing to anyone but die-hard Protestants and people who like boring movies.This movie presents us with a sensitive , matinee-idol Martin Luther , who befriends a young peasant mother and her crippled daughter , who defies the Church to bury a suicide on holy ground , and who - presumably - mends the broken wings of sparrows and heads the Greater Wittenberg district recycling program . This sentimentalized Luther is scandalized by the immorality of the Roman clergy and the sale of indulgences and so asserts a number of vague propositions of which the Catholic Church vehemently disapproves . -LRB- If one were n't already familiar with the history , they could easily miss what Luther actually stood for . I believe this movie allots one line each to the exposition of Sola Fide and Sola Scriptura -RRB- . Luther refuses to recant , he translates the Bible into German , gets married and everyone lives happily ever after , except for some misguided peasants who get slaughtered after making the mistake of taking Luther at his word and interpreting the Bible for themselves . `` Luther '' may reinforce various self-congratulatory Protestant myths , but it does no service to history and truth . -LRB- Or cinema , for that matter . -RRB- Although the modern Lutheran church is too ecumenical to really demonize Catholicism -LRB- as its founder was wont to do -RRB- , this movie is full of many of the old legends invented out of whole cloth by Luther himself or his followers . We are supposed to believe that an Augustinian monk , an order renowned for its education and Biblical scholarship , never saw a Bible until he was in his 20s . We are also supposed to believe that Luther 's German translation of the Bible was the first time the Scriptures were made available in the vernacular , when in fact there had been many German translations before his . The theology of indulgences is distorted and misrepresented , even in the dramatization of their -LRB- admitted -RRB- abuse . Minor fabrications include Luther 's reason for joining a monastery -LRB- parental sadism , not a lightning-induced vow -RRB- , his nailing of the 95 Theses to the church door -LRB- they were actually mailed to a Bishop -RRB- , his dramatic assertion of `` Here I Stand , I Can Do No Other '' '' -LRB- never spoken -RRB- , and a vile blasphemy attributed to a thoroughly caricaturized Johann Tetzel.Missing is the gutter-mouthed , fire-breathing , hate-filled man of violence who advocated the dispossession and enslavement of the Jews -LRB- a stance that gave Hitler much ammunition -RRB- and the extermination of rebellious peasants and all religious groups that did n't follow his ideas -LRB- Catholics , Anabaptists , et al. -RRB- Far from representing the ideal of religious freedom , as the movie 's epilogue states , Luther 's revolution represented persecution , state control of the church and the vile doctrine of `` Cuius regio , eius religio '' -LRB- the faith of the ruler is the faith of the people . -RRB- As the nobility 's rapacity made the Reformation possible in the first place , it was the state that was its main benefactor . We are also not shown the Martin Luther whose basic antinomianism and submissiveness to the nobility allowed him to connive in the bigamy of Phillip the Magnanimous . We also do not see the Luther who , when he inserted the word `` alone '' into Romans 3:28 , edited Scripture to support his theology , when in fact the only place in the Bible where the words `` faith alone '' are to be found together is in James 2:24 where it says that it does_not_justify us . We do not see the Luther who removed 7 books from the Old Testament canon , and would have removed several other books , including Ecclesiastes , Esther , James , Hebrews , Jude & Revelation , had he the power . Nor does this movie show us the various lies Luther 's own letters convict him of . If Luther had good points , he also had a dark side , and I 'm not sure if the movie medium can properly capture the complexity . It 's far easier to stitch together 113 minutes of set pieces and idol worship .
 In response to the complaints that this movie is not anti-Catholic , but simply depicting history as it really happened I am reproducing exerpts from a review by Steven D. Greydanus . `` For a well-made , dramatically compelling historical drama that is also an affirmation of faith that takes seriously matters of Christian doctrine even to be made in Hollywood today is an event worthy of note . Luther ... is such a film . ... At the same time , Luther is also a seriously flawed film . Relentlessly hagiographical in its depiction of Luther and one-sidedly positive in its view of the Reformation , the film also distorts Catholic theology and significant matters of historical fact , consistently skewing its portrayal to put Luther in the best possible light while making his opponents seem as unreasonable as possible.More troubling is the filmmakers ' apologetic manipulation of the facts of its hero 's life . It 's one thing for the film to avoid Luther 's notorious anti-Semitism , which is especially associated with his declining years after the period depicted in the film . On the other hand , it was solidly in the midst of the film 's events that we find the historical Luther declaring that no man can be saved unless he renounce the papacy ; that Luther 's own doctrine can not `` be judged by anyone , even by the angels . He who does not receive my doctrine can not be saved '' ; that those unconvinced of Luther 's views must `` hold their tongues and believe what they please '' ; that even `` unbelievers should be forced to ... attend church , and outwardly conform '' -LRB- cf. Will Durant , The Story of Civilization , vol . 6 , pp. 357 , 422 -RRB- . Needless to say , such pronouncements go against the film 's portrayal of Luther as a champion of `` religious freedom . '' Of this aspect of its hero 's religious views , Luther is conspicuously silent.The film similarly shows Luther 's horror and grief over the massacre of over 100,000 peasants by the German princes in response to the peasant uprising - but fails to reveal that Luther himself , in a vituperative essay called `` Against the Murdering and Thieving Hordes of Peasants , '' specifically called upon the princes to show no mercy in crushing the uprising ... The film is equally careful to exculpate Luther of rebellious intent regarding the pope , showing his respect and deference for Leo as late as his 1518 interview with Cardinal Cajetan - yet it never hints at Luther 's identification of the pope as the Antichrist years earlier , even before the 1517 publication of his 95 Theses . In fact , we never hear Luther associating the papacy with the Antichrist , though he did so repeatedly.In Luther , representatives of Catholic orthodoxy , especially papal representatives such as Cardinal Cajetan , are always shown dismissively refusing to debate or engage Luther , instead imperiously insisting that he recant without argument . Certainly Luther did meet with such treatment at times ; yet the impression conveyed by the film is that no one on the Catholic side was ever interested in engaging and refuting Luther 's novel ideas . That Johann Eck , for example , publicly debated both Luther and Carlstadt - and seems to have had the best of the debates , incidentally - is not something one would ever guess from this film . Of course the filmmakers ca n't show everything ; but why must they consistently omit whatever facts might suggest that Luther 's adversaries were anything but unreasonable and imperious ? ... Still more problematic are Luther 's distortions of the Catholic doctrines of indulgences , which , along with relics , are its main theological target . -LRB- Curiously , the film basically bypasses the central issues of sola fide and sola scriptura , as well as the sacrifice of the Mass , priesthood , and other major Catholic-Protestant bones of contention . -RRB- The film perpetuates a confusion common among Protestants regarding references to indulgences of so many `` days , '' here taken to mean so many fewer days in purgatory , whereas in fact it refers to the equivalent of so many days of penance on earth.The film also confuses indulgences with absolution from sin itself , from guilt - which is hardly credible , since absolution from sin was obviously always freely available to all Catholics everywhere in the confessional , a major institution of 16th-century Catholic life . That indulgences offer only remission of temporal punishments due to sins already repented of and forgiven - a fact clarified at the time by Leo himself - is not mentioned.One of the film 's most egregious distortions is its portrayal of Luther 's German translation of the Bible as the first of its kind , and a thing forbidden and feared by Rome . In fact Catholic German scholars had produced at least eighteen previous German Bibles with Church approval -LRB- Durant , 369 -RRB- ... in having a character describe the very notion of a German Bible as `` the thing Rome fears most , '' Luther both falsely maligns Rome , and perpetuates the Protestant canard of the Church `` forbidding '' the scriptures to the laity .
 Admittedly , Luther came to full stature in the foment of ecclesiastical abuses that characterized his time . If Pope Leo had responded more promptly , more seriously and more courteously to Luther 's legitimate objections , perhaps this unrivaled explosion of heresy and schism , i.e. , the Protestant Reformation , might have been avoided . Unfortunately , in the end , Luther threw out the proverbial baby with the bathwater.What the film does not tell , and what a good history of the Protestant Reformation should , is the misery , remorse , drunkeness , bitterness and self-aggrandizement of an aged Luther in the aftermath of chaos and destruction brought upon Europe and the world from what had degenerated into his -- and his fellow reformers ' -- ultimate quest for power -LRB- ironically , the very power they accused Rome of abusing -RRB- . The film did give us -- although to an inadequate degree of counter balance -- a glimpse of the Peasants ' Revolt , as a logical outcome of Luther 's casting down of all authority , save his own.It is common knowledge that Luther erroneously translated the text of Romans to append the word `` alone '' alongside the word `` faith , '' crudely endorsed the drowning of Jews who would not submit to baptism , discarded seven books from the Old Testament canon that had been in Church use for over 1000 years prior , advocated the removal of seven more books from the New Testament canon , including Hebrews , James -LRB- the letter written by one of Our Lord 's twelve apostles that Luther called an `` epistle of straw , '' because it flatly contradicted Luther 's doctrinal innovation of `` sola fide '' -RRB- and The Apocalypse -LRB- Revelation -RRB- . I would also like to point out to another reviewer that there were as many as 20 vernacular translations of Scripture extant in Germany prior to Luther 's ; translations undertaken by Roman Catholic -LRB- ! -RRB- initiative.No doubt , Luther 's advancement of private interpretation of Scripture -LRB- and commensurate denial of the Church 's authoritative Teaching Magisterium -RRB- eventually paved the way for Rationalism and the Enlightenment which was to strip Truth of any supernatural component at all , making Church-less -LRB- and now godless -RRB- man the sole authority . Note mainline Protestantism 's modern day lapse into relativism , and the endless fission of denominationalism -LRB- currently , there are upwards of 20,000 or more Protestant schisms in the U.S. alone -RRB-
 Luther is the kind of movie one would expect from Fox News or some other biased source material . It does n't paint the complete picture of Luther nor does it wish to be objective when it comes to the history it is handling . Instead what you get is a rather pretentious story which expects you to `` feel '' for Luther when it reality Luther was a lot more extreme in his personality . The movie does depict his disillusional side and his argumentative side , however it does n't come close to doing it justice . Luther in reality was a very hard man , harsh at times with his opinions and never wavering or showing compassion for your own opinion . Luther was right and you were wrong . The portrayal of the Catholic Church and of Rome again was only part of the picture . It would be like showing you the bad parts of a town in order to force your opinion . The Catholic Church was under going trials of its own and although the abuse of indulgences was a fact of the time , the exaggeration of abuses especially from the Dominican Order is completely unfounded and obviously comes from a study of biased material not a true representation of the time . The movie does n't spend a lot of time in discussing whether Luther was right or wrong , just that he was right and the Catholic Church was wrong . This is again a misconception of Luther and of the period of history in question . Scholars , unbiased an objective scholars still to this day discuss the legitimacy of Luther 's claims.The movie does n't even acknowledge Luther 's own hypocrisy . This leaves the movie too one-sided and not as complete as it could have been . It also seems there is a bit of over-acting issues when it comes to Joseph Finnes and Alfred Molina , two actors who are accomplished enough to not suffer though such an atrocious screenplay . Luther falls very flat from where it could have gone and does a great injustice to the history it is trying to depict and reveal . You would do better in following a school course on Reformation history .
 This movie depicts Catholicism in one dimension
 I rented the movie because of a review that led me to believe the movie would educate me and provide some nuance . It 's not in any way that kind of movie . Rather , it 's a devotional treatment , appropriate for a Protestant religious family looking for a wholesome movie for a holiday . The opening scenes show young Luther to be so pious and important that even straightening his shirt is accompanied by pious grimaces and an entire string section . Every word out of Fiennes ' mouth is delivered more hammy than a Hamlet monologue . The movie settles down into a predictable heroism -LRB- nothing extraneous to his religious bravery gets a line -RRB-
 Where to start ? First off , there were at least 18 different translations of the Bible in German at the time that Luther created his , and these were all done with Church approval . Secondly , there were also other translations available in other languages , again with Church approval . If we go back to the 1500 's and prior , there were not too many people who had a copy of the Bible because they were too expensive -LRB- no printing press until the 1500 's -RRB- and most people were illiterate.Next we have the confusion over indulgences , which Luther would have known about having been a Catholic Priest , yet the film perpetuates a gross misconception of what they were . An indulgence only offered remission of temporal punishments due to sins already repented of and forgiven - a fact clarified at the time by Pope Leo himself . If Catholics want forgiveness for their sins , they have always had free access to the confessional.The film also ignores the fact that Luther suffered from scrupulosity -LRB- he was afraid that everything he did was wrong and sinful -RRB- . Having that fear in him -LRB- probably brought on by his abusive father -RRB- , he spent hours -LRB- sometimes as many as 6hrs -RRB- a day in confession . One begins to see why he came up with the belief of Sola Fide . With his overwhelming concern on his every action being something that was going to send him to hell , he had to find a reason to not worry anymore.Luther had many valid complaints about what was wrong in the Church . Splitting from the Church was not the answer - there were many other reformers that helped heal the Church internally , that would have been the more prudent path.I do n't understand how people can say this was historically accurate - for this to be , it would have to portray history accurately .
 If you have read Luther , sang his psalms and hymns do n't waste your time on a movie written , acted and produced by people who obviously have n't . I 'd give it no stars if it were possible . If you must watch a movie on the man , the 1953 version is much more accurate .
 One thing you have to admit about Michael Moore is that he understands that even if you are preaching to the converted you have to at least have something to bring to the table . `` Luther '' has nothing , other than the expectation that you will only watch this film if you are a Lutheran , and thus are willing to sit through a whitewashing . While I was originally anxious to watch this film because of my interest in history , I quickly came to realize that the Lutherans see their leader as one who changed history with a warm heart . However , the Luther I know from my readings was one who had heated disputes with the spirits and who had a great disdain for all things female . None of that is seen here , and so the movie becomes yet another failed religious movie . I did , however , find some good in the film . The costumes and set designs are first rate . I also enjoyed watching Luther use the Catholic Church 's own policies against them . Forbidding people to read the Bible in different languages was bound to catch up with them eventually . I also will always respect Luther for starting one of the most successful non-violent revolutions in history . Of course , all revolutions involve some violence , but his was never based on it . It 's just a shame this film , paid for by Lutherans , would n't admit that their hero was n't perfect -LRB- none of mine are -RRB- . My final question I leave you with is this
 This film boasts excellent acting , sets , and photography . But its account of the life of Martin Luther suffers from historical inaccuracies and a patently obvious bias that ignores Luther 's shortcomings . One of these shortcomings , for example , was his expressed hatred of Jews , whom he called `` miserable , `` accursed , '' `` stupid , '' and `` senseless . '' Nowhere does the film even hint at this flaw.Financed in part by a Lutheran financial institution , the motion picture also depicts Roman Catholics according to stereotypes that have no basis in fact . For example , through the destruction of statues and a crucifix by Luther 's supporters , the film suggests that Catholics worshipped religious objects , including paintings , monuments , statuary , and so on . This is an egregious distortion . The fact is , according to Catholic teaching , religious images have always been intended to memorialize what they represent-and generate respect and admiration-in the same way that the Lincoln Memorial , the Washington Monument , Mount Rushmore , and busts of Socrates , Shakespeare , and Luther himself are intended to inspire onlookers.While rightly calling attention to abuses in the Catholic Church in Luther 's time , the film makes no attempt to present the views of Catholic reformers-such as Desiderius Erasmus . Nor does it acknowledge the good works of other Catholics living humble , heroic lives . Instead , Luther takes center stage as an idealized paladin of truth , justice , and piety.Too bad . Luther was a good man with daring , revolutionary ideas . But he was also human and subject to error , just like the clerics he criticized . Luther could have been an excellent film for all Christians if it had told the truth . Instead , it chose to propagandize and proselytize .
 I see a lot of positive reviews posted here ... The historical Luther will not be found in this movie . No doubt the audience is predominantly Lutheran . From a secular entertainment point of view , I would agree with them . 4 Stars . The attention to detail is excellent ; it is well acted , well written , well casted . However , director Eric Till has made Luther into a hero . He was no hero . History reveals the truth that is so glaringly absent in the film . The only thing that rang true was that Luther was an anti-establishment , religious zealot reformer , just like Jesus , -LRB- only Jesus hated gentiles , calling them `` dogs and swine -RRB- . `` I challenge Till to make a `` Luther Part 2 , '' using excerpts of Luther 's OWN WORDS below as the script . It smack 's of a Hitler biography / / / . Disclaimer
 Plain and simple - this movie is Anti-Catholic and not only skips historical releavance but also changes it - to something that did n't even exist or happen .
 I ordered two copies of this video as I have seen it before and it is excellent.One copy was given as a gift and it does not play . : -LRB- I have not opened the second video to see if it works . Plan to do that today.How do I get a replacement ?
 This film avoids all real controversy . It is more of a hagiography than a drama . Some of the arguments prevented are well acted and the historical mood is reproduced artistically .
 This film seems to have all the ingredients for an inspiring film but something is missing . If you purchase the 1953 black and white film `` Martin Luther '' -LRB- 50th anniversary edition -RRB- you will see what is missing .
 As a Protestant Christian , I went to see `` Luther '' hoping to see an historic and heroic story . There were some good moments of drama , but contrary to popular opinion here , I must agree with much of the perceptive review by Jesuit Edward Oakes , who wrote the movie review in the January 2004 issue of First Things -LRB- you can read it online -RRB- , in which he states that the movie makers mostly miss the point.The point being that the most significant issue for Martin Luther was salvation of the soul - justification by faith in Christ alone . The provocative issues between Catholic and Evangelical -LRB- the broader Evangelical movement known as Protestantism and Evangelische Kirche is the German name for the Lutheran Church -RRB- are `` airbrushed '' and meaningfully obfuscated - this is the true divide between Catholic and Protestant and is central to Luther 's drama . He is one of the most important people in world history!The movie tries to pull a modern doubting rebel tone on Luther 's character , which was not him . He was socially quite conservative and quite earnest to reform the Catholic Church . While politics did merge with religion , it was in a cultural way that we , today , have mostly lost an understanding of in its Medieval context -LRB- aside from all the bad stuff -RRB- . The failure of tone is shown at the Diet of Worms scene where the conflict `` comes across not as a theological dispute but more like the grilling of a Hollywood director before the House Un-American Activities Committee in the postwar era , '' quoting Oakes . Also confused is the Peasants Rebellion with the Iconoclasic reaction to idols . Cumulatively , this movie fails historically where it 's important.I have to say similar for the character of Luther here , as well . Luther was a strong minded individual , though at times full of self doubt , but not of the perpetual doubt that Joseph Fiennes portrays . Also , Luther 's demonic possession is contrary to Luther 's testimony , though he did claim fighting the devil but not in himself . The main character 's doubting without clear resolution is the failure of the heroic in the film.Please note Fiennes and this cast are a collection of fine actors . Where the movie succeeds is in the existential tone of scenery . Though German post-modern nihilism creeps in on occasion -LRB- e.g. the Peasant Rebellion massacre is similar to the end of Das Boot in tone -RRB- . Many of the characters are quite different from the 1953 Martin Luther , which I prefer , but is more of a stage drama . In particular , Niall MacGinnis ' Luther is much more comprehensible ; Claire Cox ' Katherina von Bora is more of a contemporary persona ; Bruno Ganz ' Johann von Staupitz is more humane than the earlier version ; Georg Spalatin , who was Luther 's good friend in the older version is a distant observer in this one -LRB- though this may have been the beginning of the true story ? - St. Paul was actually an oppressor of the early Christian Church before converting -RRB- ; and most comically Peter Ustinov 's Frederick the Wise , who is portrayed more as a grasping eccentric . Where the movie reveals the best of Lutheran doctrine is that life and the world are a messy place divided from God and that even Christians are needy of transcendent redemption . The warts and all approach is a good way to view humanity , especially in film and literature.Some standout performances were added by Marco Hofschneider , who portrays the heroic Ulrich and , Jochen Horst , whose Professor Andreas Karlstadt is much better than the older version -LRB- I wish they showed more development of both characters -RRB- . In agreement with Andrew Freborg 's review is the terrible omission of Luther 's musical side , especially `` Ein Feste Burg -LRB- A Mighty Fortress -RRB- . '' While there were great moments of drama , in the end , this finally sank it for me as a film -LRB- this hymn is played at the end of the MacGinnis version with dramatic transformation -RRB- . They had a great collection of actors and could have woven an excelling performance . I hope better , next time .
 Having read many of Luther 's works as well as a number of biographies I was very excited when I heard of this film . It IS well cast and the cinematography IS beautiful -LRB- Hence the single star -RRB- . However , the Luther of history is nowhere to be found . In his stead is an innocuously pious and politically correct stumble-bum of a monk who more or less accidently becomes the catalyst of some sort of liberation movement . YAWN!Luther stood for two great Biblical truths
 I was highly disappointed when I saw how poorly portrayed Martin Luther was . The acting and directing were appalling and made it difficult to watch , but the departure from historical fact made it unbearable to keep watching . Pass on this one and look elsewhere ...
 I love suspense but unfortunatly this just did n't quite live up to my expectations . Maybe I 'm too used to seeing the mom in this movie as the wife of Jack Bauer in 24 . I felt like this movie was more for teenagers . Too much sappy romance and not enough real mystery . I fast forwarded most of it just to get to the end . A lot of questions remained unanswered apparantly since the movie quit production after the last season . I was very disappointed with the ending . Their were too many parts of the movie that made absolutely no sense because the events just never got brought up again towards the end .
 The story was good up until the end . The family was running for no reason at all when you come to the end . I do not believe this would have happened in real life . For a lawyer , that is not very smart and for a wife to go along with this with her children that is dumb .
 Do n't waste your money on this movie , seriously . You can watch free on YT . When you see the cover you expect it to be a `` gangster '' movie , like American me or Blood in Blood Out , but it 's not . I mean what kind of `` cholo/as '' do dance competitions ? lol it 's unrealistic ! Nothing to real gang life , there it probably 1 gang conflict in the whole movie and it 's in the end , 1 girl gets shot , and that 's all the action you get . Do n't expect much from this movie .
 Poorly filmed and bad acting is the best way to describe this B movie . I would avoid it if you can .
 Overall I found this `` documentary '' to be a frustrating and disappointing film and therefore can not recommend it.While we do see some relatively `` new '' footage in places , many color scenes have been observed in numerous other WWII documentaries and feature films . Other viewers who have seen the film and reviewed it on Amazon suggest that this film is best viewed with the sound turned off . I have to concur with that sentiment.The script and and narration track was written by the same man who directed the film , frenchman Rene-Jean Bouyer , who in my view , writes with a deceitful , anti-American slant . The film is laced with inaccuracies , half-truths , and erroneous conclusions . It is modern day revisionist history written by a left leaning partisan with no serious writing or producing credentials . There are only two history sources -LRB- non-degreed individuals without titles -RRB- , both French , as is most of the film 's production team.Every mistake , lost battle , or racial prejudice committed by the Americans is highlighted ; yet air and sea battles that the U.S. won against the Japanese were not -- according to the film 's narration -- due to superior skill , bravery or American resolve , but merely because of `` technological superiority . '' Footage covering the post A-bomb attacks have received the usual treatment . It seems that the filmmaker only begrudgingly acknowledges that the United States won the war against Japan , which he implies , was done with the help of the `` free French forces '' who we see are present at the surrender ceremony in Tokyo Bay aboard the U.S. battleship Missouri . Now that 's new footage I had n't seen before ! If you are determined to see every possible bit of footage shot in WWII , go ahead and rent this film , but do try it with the sound turned down.A far better choice would be the superlative `` WWII
 The narrator goes on and on spitting out his own version of history where the dumb Americans win the war because they out produce the even dumber Japanese . It looks like he just got some video editing software and edited out free public domain movies and stuck them together with his own voice over . Do a search on it '' Marines at tawara '' and you will get to the other public domain archives . According to this movie the Brits had the war won and they were fighting all over the pacific and the sneaky evil USA come in wreck it for them and get all the credit . Ha ha ha . He goes on to add `` the USA didnt understand the japanese were willing to die ? False . The USA mascared the japanese for no reason in bombing raids ! '' False . He adds insult to injury and says the American economy was booming and that the Americans were partying at home while there boys were dieing overseas . Stupid . There families where missing there sons and daughters . He forgets to add that for every marine on the ground there were 4 sailors to get him there and thats not including the war industry at home . He forgets to add they had rationing in the USA to help them win . He does n't mention the usa had one victory after another . Give this a skip . After watching this movie you would think the USA lost .
 I think this is definately a great adaption of the book but I honestly believe that this is the type of movie you watch once and thats it . Strange is the best way to put it ... if you are into strange movies and you like to watch them late at night when you cant go to sleep this one will put you to sleep ... if not make you want to turn it off and count sheep instead .
 I really have a hard time understanding all the raves about this movie . Most of the raves are from men . The type of men who would call `` Thelma and Louise '' a violent film.I worked in a theatre when I was in college , and they had a showing of A Clockwork Orange . The audience for these showings was 100 % male , most of whom looked like the kind of guys who could n't get a date and were extremely angry about it . A Clockwork Orange relieved some of that anger for them , especially the rape scene , which more than a few of them were chuckling at . It was the creepiest audience I had seen in several months of working there . The ticket taker mentioned that she thought they were all weird , which bolstered my observations.These are the same morons you find on internet chat rooms - they 're such losers that they ca n't show themselves in public . This movie , with its rampant miogyny , serves as vindication for guys who ca n't get laid . So does the Howard Stern show . So does Maxim . And so it goes . I would n't be surprised if most of the males that rave about this pic have Asian girlfriends , or spend their time off dreaming about trips to Bangkok because they ca n't get a date here.The author of the book by the same name was upset with Kubrick 's interpretation of his work - it was supposed to be an anti-rape , anti-violence book , and comes out as a pro-rape , pro-violence movie in the way that it glamourizes both behaviors . In fact , A Clockwork Orange -LRB- the movie -RRB- has a whole lot in common with `` The Pink Swastika '' -LRB- the book -RRB- - if you read it , you 'll see what I 'm talking about . The men watching this film who think the behavior of this gang is `` macho '' may get their eyes opened . ACO , in my opinion , may be one of the gayest movies of all time , with its costuming -LRB- emphasis on codpieces -RRB- and eye make up.If you 'd like to know why the viewer is driven to side with `` twinkletoes '' -LRB- Malcolm McDowell 's nickname - given to him by Gore Vidal -RRB- , read Roger Ebert 's review on the rottentomatoes site . The only message I got from this movie is that the director seems to hate his mother , and considering his ethnic background , it should come as no big surprise.I ca n't agree more that Kubrick was `` visually brillant '' - however , in this case , and probably a few others , he is morally bankrupt .
 I was very disappointed when I received this DVD in the mail because when I opened it up there were some large scratches on it . I tried to play it , and it wo n't work . I did not pay for a DVD I ca n't watch .
 I 'm a 26 yo male and just watched this movie for the first time tonight after a Saturday night in.I 've heard about this movie my whole life . `` Everyone '' has seen it . `` Everyone '' loves it . I just do n't get it . It was `` okay . '' It kept me entertained , but not engaged . Yet , it was disappointing.Maybe people are attracted to the violence or nudity in the movie , I do n't know . It did n't offend me in anyway , if I want nudity I 'll watch porn . I was hoping for something to take away from this movie so I could share in its glory with everyone else who I 've ever heard talk about it.I have no desire to see it again . I do n't recommend it . If anything , watch it just so you can say you 've seen it . It seems to come up in `` movie conversation '' every couple years or so . I 'm more mad at myself than anything -- I really wanted to like this movie , but I did n't . Maybe I should start a support group for the 1 % of us who did n't enjoy it .
 Why would Warner Brothers release a collector 's edition of Clockwork Orange without featuring the film in widescreen . Yes , Kubrick was rarely a user of widescreen film but in Clockwork Orange the ratio is probably 1.66:1 . This is a horrendous attack on good taste and a blantant exploitation of the recently deceased Stanley Kubrick . To WB
 I do n't know what you people see in this movie , but it just made me ill ! I can not simpathise this `` ultraviolent '' man who has been fixed so that he can not defend himself against the revenge he most certainly deserves ! With terrible production design with naked woman/dining tables and that psychadelic apartment . Hardly any of this movie actually looks like the future . Though some may argue that that is not important to the story , I dissagree . At least 2001 looked like the future . And I just do n't see the need for all of that nudity and that penis-shaped sculpture . Kubrick is no genius ... he 's sick !
 It would help if people actually read the novel on which this -LSB- movie -RSB- is based . Case in point , the editorial review here at Amazon , which tells us that `` Kubrick maintains Burgess 's dark , satirical social commentary '' . Actually , he does n't . The point of the book is that our increasingly mechanized , industrial society may end up turning human beings into automatons
 Very disappointing film . I feel that it was scuppered from the outset by the casting
 It may sound odd for a story as bleak and satirical as A CLOCKWORK ORANGE sometimes gets , but at its ' best , the book is a sort of love letter to the human race , which Burgess saw as being stifled by a bureaucratic , if well-meaning state . His central character , Alex DeLaage , is a brutal criminal , but Burgess makes you understand that in such a regulated state , criminality may be one of the few outlets available for energy and high spirits.But Stanley Kubrick was n't a high-spirited man . And I doubt he loved humanity . This film is full of his air-conditioned contempt for his fellow human beings , whom he shoots mostly in long shot or distorted , disfiguring close-up , with particular distaste being reserved for the women in this story -LRB- Kubrick ALWAYS reserved particular distaste for the women in his stories -- you get the feeling he did n't date much in high school ? -RRB- . But such distaste and contempt renders the film almost unwatchable and , therefore , essentially useless . Pop literature , particularly science fiction , was full of the kind of cool , tidy , emotionally neutral material with which Kubrick was most comfortable . It 's a pity he did n't realize his limitations and leave the great literature to the grown-ups . The wild card in all of this was Malcolm McDowell as Alex. Despite everything Kubrick did to make the character seem loathsome and unspeakable , McDowell came through with a boisterous , chilling , yet finally very appealing performance . He gives this film the hot breath of life , despite all of the freon dumped on it by the director .
 This atrocious film began the 30 year decline that sadly closed out the career of Stanley Kubrick . Artistically burned out after completing `` Dr. Strangelove '' and `` 2001 '' , Kubrick wanted to film a biography of Napoleon , but was balked by a lack of financing . Not a man who let go of an obsession easily , he marked time over the next three decades by turning out five movies totally devoid of the committment he had shown in his early work.The author of the original novel , Anthony Burgess , was so sickened by Kubrick 's mangled film that he eventually repudiated the book entirely , as well he might . The suggestion that psychopaths should be allowed to exercise their free will to wreak havoc on society is so transparently idiotic nobody can take it seriously . Combined with the terrible acting , cheap sets , and relentless vulgarity and misogyny , the result is about as ugly as moviemaking gets .
 Too much violence associated hard to stare at the screen or follow the storyline ... if one can tolerate , you would enjoy this satire .
 One of the very worst movies ever made with no redeeming value , horrible acting , worthless in every way . This is a great example of how `` art '' can be used to defend useless crap .
 I watched an edited version of this `` masterpiece '' and was disappointed . I gather that the prime objective was to challenge the ideology of a politically-motivated , self-righteous society and the value of individualism but the director simply fails to coherently develop that idea in anything concrete leaving the audience bemused in the end .
 This does not come with a `` steel case '' . the DVDs come in a plastic , average case and then that is slipped into the steel cover . PLUS , mine came opened which makes me wonder what they are trying to pull . plastic does n't rip itself apart ...
 This movie is so over rated . If you want to be amazed , read the book by Burgess , that will knock your socks off . The book is way better because it ends with Burgess original ending , something the movie does n't end with . I wont tell you what happens just in case you do want to read it .
 `` A Clockwork Orange '' is a movie about this gangster kid Alex and his buddies who like to go around destroying people 's lives . Then Alex is caught by the State which is portrayed as impersonal and monstrous , itself . Alex undergoes a rehabilitation program that conditions him to be incapable of violence , then he 's released into the world where he is victimized by the people he once abused . Then he hits his head and he 's back to normal , and this is supposed to be a good thing.Due to Kubrick 's reputation as a legendary director , and to a pervasive liberal culture of uncritical and irresponsible tolerance , you enter this film practically pre-brow-beaten into thinking it 's some kind of epic statement about society . And that your anger and revulsion is just premature enlightenment.Crap all over that . Alex is a monster who does not deserve sympathy . Kubrick may have had some brilliantly flawed justification for celebrating the right to be aggressively evil as long as it 's `` your true nature . '' I wonder if Kubrick would stand by that belief if an Alex and his buddies broke into his house and cut his legs off just for the hell of it . Could that be why Kubrick holed himself up in a fortress , or so I read ? Taking a rapist and a murderer who genuinely enjoys it for its own sake and then making him out to be a hero is poignantly appalling , regardless of the context . The film also has a quite poisonous way of intimating that you may think Alex is scum now , but eventually you 'll see the light and laud his freedom to be himself.I disagree . If you nurture evil people , there will be more of them around , and more human suffering . Maybe it 's of a piece with some Ayn Randian agenda where the evil people kill off everyone except those with the resources to survive . Sounds like hell on earth to anyone except deeply arrogant sociopaths , I guess.I think most people think this movie is a sublime masterpiece . I found it to be an evil sociopath waving his junk in your face for two hours .
 I agree wholeheartedly with the reviewer that says that the original book is an intriguing piece of literature while the movie does indeed seem to glamorize violence . For the reviewer who claimed that scenes are dark and satirical , I do n't agree . The book explores how violence and rape is used to create power over others . Kubrick does not get that across in his movie , so the movie does come across as gratuitous . This film should be given a miss in favor of the book . That is often true , but I think it is so in this case in particular . Also , if you happen to speak Russian , check out the nadsat language used in the book . It is a very clever manipulation of Russian words into a unique slang .
 This is a great movie . I can not believe that some of the movies in the new Stanley Kubrick collection are formatted and in mono ! The Killing and Killer 's Kiss are not included in the box set . What ? Did the studio decide those movies were trash or something ?? Kubrick supposedly approved this monster of a dissapointment . I find that hard to believe.People ! Save your money . Why not just buy some video tapes if you 're getting TV-formatted movies with mono sound . It 's truely a shame .
 I am sure this movie will appeal to spoiled brats who resent their parents and the establishment in this twisted immorality play . The film was playing when I was in college , and although I thought the poster looked neat , I never saw it . I realize now that it was garbage just like all those `` Billy Jack '' movies and the `` One Tin Soldier '' theme song . I saw the movie on Showtime recently and could not finish watching it . It was the kind of crap that only a liberal intellectual could love . I do own 2001 on Blue-Ray and appreciate that movie .
 Even though the entertainment business has been developing into a more profane and demoralized industry , this so-called movie is still too vulgar to be put on the shelves in stores . This movie is closer to pornography , and that is what it should be sold as . It is distasteful , has a weak storyline , and holds no educational or entertainment value other than sex and violence , which should not be considered valuable material . When it was first released in 1971 it was rated X , so it was edited and re-rated R. Rated R movies , however , should not be able to contain scenes where a woman is shown being raped in front of her husband and a threesome involving countless sexual positions is clearly shown on the screen for a long period of time . No one should be subjected to such nauseating images . If a person wants to see these things , they should have to go out of their way to get it , instead of being able to pick it up at the local video or electronics store . This movie glorifies sexual violence and murder . It portrays these `` ultra-violent '' acts to be an ultimate-high . This film sits out there waiting to be bought by a teenager interested in violence , since most electronics stores do n't check ID for the purchasing of rated R videos . Anyone who watches this movie will have some part of them corrupted in someway , and there are already too many things in this world to corrupt pure minds . I strongly suggest never watching this movie . If you must , please do not let your children view a single moment of it . I could n't even finish watching this pornography because of how sick it made me feel , but it is still by far the worst movie I have ever had the displeasure of seeing .
 I hate this movie . I think Kubrick 's 2001
 We live in a world where everything gets desensitized . I had heard all about how great this movie was and I was curious . I hated it . I kept looking at the clock and wishing it was over . That 's a horrible way to watch any movie . It also disturbs me how lots of people say they * laughed * all the way through Pulp Fiction . Yeah , really funny . Glorify drugs , violence and rape . These movies give the psychos all kinds of fun ideas . God help us all .
 This is stupid . It said it was the rated X version . But no , its the rated R version . This could very well upset my day . I am very upset with amazon for this error .
 I like movies . I 've watched a lot of bad movies . I 've even liked a lot of bad movies -LRB- I loved Ishtar -RRB- , but after years of hearing what a `` classic '' Clockwork Orange is I finally got around to seeing it last month -LRB- 3/2001 -RRB- . And OH MY GOSH it was bad.Not bad it a fun , provocative , campy , entertaining way . But bad in a way that makes you question your need for a VCR in the first place . The story was non-existent , the editing was frantic and distracting , the violence was pointless -LRB- which some will say WAS the point -RRB- and it made no sense.The story of alienation , ennui , post-war angst has been told in so many better movies since CO came out that I guess I might be missing the `` ground breaking '' aspects of this film , but I have to say that this movie has not held up well over the year.If you have two hours to waste just saw your arm off with a rusty butter knife . It will be less painful than watching Clockwork Orange .
 Well I can first say that when I rented this movie I kind of judged the movie by it 's cover . Anyway the only good thing that I can say about this movie is the acting . Wonderful acting but also some very gangly parts like for example it is n't a very good scene when they beat up the BUM with there sticks and chains but I guess you could say that this movie is well acted out but I would n't call it a masterpiece . But if you like weird movies then go ahead but I honestly to tell you the truth spend your money on a GOOD movie . Not to offend anyone 's taste in a movie
 `` is free will more important than being good ? '' this movie asks . `` No '' I replyed , `` if criminals have their freedom , then good people will lose their freedom . ''
 This film is yet another load of crap from Kubrick . A complete waste of time .
 every one talks about this movie being all that but it really is n't , the film only has one person murederd in it , and many people raped in it . it really is n't anything , a much more violent movie at that time is texas chainsaw mascare . another problem in this movie is a great time of this film is shown him prison when he is a good person which is pretty stupid . my advice is to watch it and not buy it .
 No matter what anyone says ! It is stylized violence -LRB- no different than Natural Born Killers -RRB- The only 1/2 descent movie Kubricks done is Full Metal Jacket ... 2001 , what a joke . All these movies way overrated ! It 's kinda like Ben Affleck said in Jay & Silent Bob strike back ... all these folks that like these flicks are 35 & older living in their parents basement , Magnolia fans on the internet all day long ... with no real life.Or you can look at it like this , these movies are for overly accentric folks that go to an art museum ... look at a picture of spots ... & tell you how these paintings of spots or splatters . . represent this or that , or the feelings behind the picture . OK whatever shut up already I feel like Dennis Miller now ! kubricks just another mental Director that gets his Rocks off on Rape & Violence ... like Roman Polanski ... Damn I 'm not even religious , & I love movies Like Goodfellas & Pulp Fiction but some S@#$ts just over the top .
 ` Kay . I know Kubrick is , like , a `` total genius '' and all , but this movie was less coherent than a brain-damaged first-grader trying to explain to a neanderthal how to build a nuclear reactor -LRB- believe it or not that simile took two drunk people five minutes to come up with . hurray for college ! -RRB- . Wow , totally lost track of what I was trying to say about this movie . Suffice it to say , it sucked , just like every movie Kubrick made . The best part of any of his movies is when the end credits start rolling . ~ fin ~
 warning this disc will not play in a blu ray player and that will be the only way to see this film in hd . on another note anyone who purchased one of those clearanced hd dvd players with the 10 free movie offers you have been swindled because to get your free movies you must send the upc and without the upc you cant return your obsolete player .
 I watched it and thought of it as just bad . I am speechless it 's just bad please do n't watch this movie .
 Watched about twenty or thirty minutes and a total waste of time . Females will be disgusted by the constant violence against women . I suppose some of the men on here who commented found it very satisfying , which says more about them than the movie . Do n't waste valuable time watching this garbage .
 I BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT AND HAD NO IDEA WHAT IT WAS ABOUT AND STILL HAVE NEVER WATCHED IT BUT WAS TOLD IT WAS NOT THAT GREAT - ALOT OF UNFIT STUFF BUT I SHOULD HAVE CHECKED ABOUT IT BEFORE I BOUGHT IT . MY NIECES HUSBAND ASKED FOR IT AND I DID N'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO GET SO I GOT IT BUT WOULD NOT BUY IT AGAIN .
 what i got out of this was that the guys were just casing destruction . and just raping women i tell you this is stupid .
 For the life of me , I ca n't figure out why this movie gets such ratings . I 'm an avid movie watcher without particular tastes . Will watch just about anything even if I 've read the book & not judge according to original stories . This movie just plain sucks , but because it was written by someone of notable existence & in '72 I think , he must have been ahead of his time , right ? ~ NOT ! It sucked when I tried to watch it 25 years ago when I walked out of the theater & it sucked even more when I watched it as an adult nearly a decade ago now .
 This movie was pure and utter trash . You will be offended and shocked by this films violence and portrayal of rape , and religion . I cut it off after the first 15 minutes or so . I could n't pollute my mind any further with this junk . There are other great Kubrick films out there . Pick from one of those and leave this one to the dogs .
 I 'm not familiar with Stanley Kubrick and I was n't even born yet when this movie came out . All I can say is that this movie was way too long and I had to force myself to continue watching it to the annoying end . There were also way too many phallic images presented throughout the course of film . Just way too many . If you think the government giving a person medication to change bad behavior is controversial , just wait a few years . Soon your DNA will be collected as soon as your out of the womb . Your DNA will be tested to see if you have a `` criminal gene '' and then off you go to a facility to be given a microchip and medication to control you . I saw this movie once and I never want to see it again . Skip this one at all costs .
 That was a stupid movie with too much violence and sex . The violence served no purpose and this movie is proof that hollywood thinks they can make crappy movies and call it artistic . What a waste of film and time .
 The Shining , Full Metal Jacket , and parts of 2001
 Ok , so he 's a punk . He has a gang , and he 's pretty ... You know ... Alpha male . They go around and raise hell . They apparently raised so much this one time some victims die . Well , he gets arrested and they do this association program where violence , sex , and unfortunately Beethoven will make him sick.So he gets out ... And it happens . His friends become cops and they turn on him . He runs into a victim of his and he knows what happened to him , locks him into this room and plays Beethoven and completely tortures him . He jumps out of a window and finds himself in a hospital with a lawyer who can apparently litigate him out of this situation.End of story ... Pointless . So was Full Metal Jacket ... But ... That 's a popular one too
 This movie is the worst watse of two and a half hours . I 've seen better reform movies than this hunk of s ** t !
 I heard this movie was originally rated X , so of course being the rebel I am , I decided to go and watch it . Man , was I disappointed or what ! I was expecting a risque movie . Instead it was an `` artistic '' movie with only about ten sex scenes . I was expecting hot stuff ! I was robbed , I tell you . This movie is overrated cal . You guys only like it because you feel smart trying to translate the funny language they use . Stanley Kubrick is lame , watch some Uwe Boll instead .
 though i did see this film when i was eighteen with my father , i must admit , after watching it on my own , as much i love violence in movies because i am a hardcore horror film freak , i admit i have a soft side for frank sinatra 's music considering i am also a heavy metal fanatic ! i can not and will not own this film because stanleykubrick -LRB- in my minds eye -RRB- ruined my favorite frank sinatra song which i can no longer listen to without thinking of this film and the song is `` singing in the rain `` playing in the background during a surrealistic RAPE SCENE ?! the only film i can still watch by stanley kubrick is `` 2010
 While A Clockwork Orange may have been a brilliant portrayal of society 's ills and problems when it was produced , I do n't see it . On the contrary , it reminds me of modern day productions such as South Park and Beevis and Butthead . While they may be satirical in nature and very thought provoking as to society 's problems , A Clockwork Orange simply seemed to be portraying sex , drugs , violence , mental illness , and corrupt governmental institutions just to be doing it without any reasoning . Again , when it was first released it may have had some social significane , but it just seemed to be stereotype after stereotype without significance .
 Maybe its because I 'm a latecomer to seeing this movie . When it was released it may have well been groundbreaking ; but in 1999 it 's just plain weird . It comes across as pretentious and absurd . While there are clearly brilliant scenes , as a whole the movie is little more than an attempt to shock and offend . Those are admirable elements within a movie but insufficient to suppply its foundation .
 Ha ! No , I do n't think this film is horrible , but I could n't resist that title . Even though it 's not horrible , it 's far from as great as I had been led to believe it would be . Had I been alive and able to view this movie when it was first released , I might feel differently . But having heard so much about how this movie is a masterpiece I felt as if I had been somehow misled when I finally got to see it . The first half of the film is almost laughable , from the opening scene of the clearly-in-his-thirties-instead-of-a-teenager Alex with the goofy `` tattoo '' around his right eye and his `` droogs '' sitting at their bar drinking tall glasses of what looks like milk -LRB- making these tough `` gang '' members even more laughable -RRB- I feared this was going to be pure cheese whiz . The scenes of violence and mayhem are so tame that it 's amazing there was so much controversy surrounding this movie . I felt like I was watching a play with a very stilted performance by an unprofessional cast . Let 's not forget the ridiculous gang member outfits , complete with codpiece . Although , I suppose they are no less silly than today 's baggy-below-the-butt pants.The second half where Alex is sent to prison and then his subsequent time in the program becomes interesting . The messages about good , and wanting to choose good rather than being conditioned to be good are interesting , but the surrounding datedness of the film makes it hard to get any of the movie 's more interesting messages about morality.This is the punishment element perhaps ... It 's pretty clear the doctors have no idea what they are doing . They are just looking for a quick way to cut down crime . They are not concerned with the fact that they are not making someone a true Christian if they do n't feel it inside . In fact , Alex states his first impulse upon seeing the naked girl at his `` test '' is to want to have the old in-out with her . So he does n't want to be good . He has to be good , which is n't the same thing.The music of the film is used in a fascinating way.It 's bizarre alright .
 Stanley Kubrick 's A CLOCKWORK ORANGE was at the time a controversial motion picture . The dirctor withdrew it until its re-release in 2000 , a year after his death.While many audiences consider the film a masterpiece , I consider the film rather poor . Malcolm McDowell 's performance is over the top , no doubt about it.Alexander ` Alex ' DeLarge is a vicious teenager in a violent future . At nights , he takes part in many repulsive events including rape and murder . However , after turning on his friends many time , they claim revenge and leave him to the police . Alex if forced to undergoe horrific experiments designed to brainwash him and remove his free will.I fail to understand why the film impresses many people , and it is likely that I will never .
 I 'm not sure why I 've given this movie one star . Perhaps it 's because of McDowell 's acting , which is good . When I saw the film in 1971 it made a big impact
 I bought A Clockwork Orange not really knowing what to expect . My dad had reccomended it to me and I liked Stanley Kubrick 's other work -LRB- The Shining -RRB- and it sounded interesting . After viewing it , I was a little harsh on it , a little disgusting at the content it presented , but after thinking about it , I realized I loved it . Do beware
 Well , not really an accurate rating ... As a movie it gets 5 stars , but as a DVD it gets 1 . Nothing new here at all -LRB- `` awards won '' does not count ... this can be found anywhere -RRB- . Worst of all , the box claims `` widescreen '' but it is not . A total waste of money if you own it on VHS .
 recieved my dvd with some sort of film resedue on it and it wont play
 I ca n't believe this movie would n't even play in my dvd player . Now after I already bought the movie I see in small letters that if says the movie wo n't play in most U.S. dvd players . So my question is why sell it in the U.S. then ?
 This is not a movie worth watching . The story line may or may not be a good one , I can not say because the movie was so terrible we had to turn it off 20 minutes into the movie -LRB- which was after trying to give it a chance because we wanted to turn it off 5 minutes into the movie -RRB- . If this is a movie that you really must see , then be prepared for full nudity and other disturbing sexual scenes . Please note , I only gave this one star because Amazon made me rate it . It really deserves 0 stars .
 This film has overt messages
 Amazon , again why wo n't you post my review?Terrible Blu-Ray transfer of a good movie .
 Please , please stay the heck away from this dog . Basically , it 's a bunch of street punks running around in diapers and women 's makeup talking about `` ultra-violence '' that never really occurs , and the plot is even worse . This one gave me a massive migraine . I am truly not kidding about what this flick did to me ! I remember watching it , hoping there was a point to all of it , but there truly was n't . If you liked that massive WTF moment at the end of 2001 A space Odyssey , then this one 's for you , since you 'll get it . I sure as heck did n't , I actually grew nauseous at the end of this one . Right up there with `` Natural Born Killers '' and `` Repo Man '' in the badness scale .
 4-1/2 Stars on Amazon ! What are you people smoking ??? It must be pot because this movie is definitely a child of the 60 's . Tacky psychedelic colors , gaudy sexual artwork , weird music , free love , and a couch shaped like an egg . Yep . We 're in the 60 's alright.Sorry folks , but this movie is a real STINKER . It is HORRIBLE ! I am sure that all you fanboys out there -LRB- I 'm sure there wo n't be any girls -RRB- will say that I just did n't `` get it . '' Pray tell , what is there to `` get '' ? A guy is extremely violent -LRB- so we are told -RRB- , the government changes him to not be violent but in doing so takes away his free will , and then that same government later `` cures '' him of his lack of free will by making him violent again . And along the way we are treated to a few extremely tame rape scenes , some quite boring and untintillating sex scenes , some horrible artwork , a bunch of weird people including a guy who grabs our protagonist 's crotch , some cheesy dialogue that no actual person would ever utter , and a few acts of `` ultraviolence '' that were pretty darn weak . Oh , and I nearly forgot ... Some accompanying classical music . Did I miss anything?At least I did get to see some boobs . As a guy I can appreciate such a thing . But that does n't redeem this movie , or make it worth watching by any means.I am not a fanboy who grew up watching this . I was born a decade after this movie came out . I decided to watch this movie because I had saw that it was one of the most critically-acclaimed and best sci-fi movies of all time . WTF ? This movie STINKS !!! The things that I enjoyed most about this movie were not intended by the creator . I enjoyed looking at all the pschedelic 60 's crap in the movie . It 's always fun to look at all the funky things that people back then envisioned for the future . A couch shaped like a big plastic egg ? Sure . Weird porno art on everybody 's walls ? No problem . A bar with statues of naked women serving as tables ? Sounds good to me . Something better than a giant record player as a sound system ? Sorry . That 's just too difficult to envision.The acting in this movie was really strange . People said and did things that made absolutely no sense whatsoever , for inexplicable reasons . Their facial expressions also did all kinds of weird things that were nothing that any actual human being could ever relate to . It was slightly comedic at times , which almost made the movie worth watching . ALMOST.I liked watching Malcom McDowell 's acting . He was very energetic and interesting . The movie would have suffered even more than it already does without him . I did n't recognize him as Dr. Soren from Star Trek
 This movie represents 2 hours of my life that I wish I had back ! Two hours that I could have been dusting my house or listening to Kenny G ! If zero stars were an option , that 's what I 'd give it . I just kept wishing it were over , but out of sheer stubborness I finished watching the entire thing -LRB- not a prudent move -RRB- ! Thank God I checked it out from the library and did n't waste 4 dollars to rent it ! Maybe in 1972 it would have been something to rave about -LRB- cinematography , score , blah , blah , blah -RRB- but it is terribly dated and I can think of a dozen classier ways to get the moral of the story across than this ! Maybe if you 're in film school you may get a shred of something worthwhile out of it -LRB- maybe not -RRB- , but for the majority of us who are n't , it 's a complete waste of time !
 boring movie made buyz stanely kubroiicj about a group of futureistic kids who are ytring to destroy the world . dumb indeas are put up on screen . hopefully many other wpnt ever see this film again . word bros !
 Disturbing , shocking , and daring are words that have been used to laud this film . But after so many years of `` artists '' trying so very hard to disturb and shock me , I would love to see someone use art to illumine or enlighten me . `` A Clockwork Orange '' is a product of its time , an ossified attempt to create profundity by merely disturbing and shocking the viewer . I would really like to think that the art world -LRB- not just film , but music , painting , and sculpture as well -RRB- is ready to get over its adolescent obsession with sex and violence and surrender itself to art 's greatest strength -- to elevate humanity and celebrate all that is truly good and beautiful . I have seen many Kubrick films , and this is very close to being his worst .
 I had the same reaction to this film as the hero had to crime after his treatment .
 i ordered the two disc-special edition of this movie and it only came with one of the discs . i would have been okay with that if the one disc happened to be the disc that had the movie on it . unfortunately , the one disc i did receive was the directors commentary and such . waste of time and money .
 This movie is full of violence every 5 minutes and should not be viewed by anyone . The director of this film , who is now dead , was definitely on some kind of trip when he made this film . It is a total waste of film and should be destroyed . Do n't waste your money or time ...
 I realize that this is a much venerated cult classic . Some even say it represents the zenith of Kubrick 's distinguished career . With Kubrick and Burgess as the director and novel writer , you ca n't ask for a better team than that . Perhaps that caused me to have unrealistically high expectations that were n't fulfilled . I was also familiar with some of Burgess 's scholarly work in philology -LRB- I being sort of an amateur linguist -RRB- and had great respect for Burgess because of that . -LRB- Burgess was also considered an expert on primitive languages and was the consultant for the movie , `` Quest for Fire '' -RRB- . Unfortunately , for me the movie is an almost total , abject failure , and I say that as someone who is a fan of both Burgess and Kubrick . The story of a gang of London street toughs has been told so many times that the idea is shopworn , and putting it in the near future does n't make it anymore interesting or original . By the standards of the time , the violence in the flick was considered brutal , but by present-day standards it 's quite tame . I do n't hold that against it ; it 's just that even by the standards of the time it 's not that violent , despite the film having been banned in several countries.The future society Burgess creates is n't that interesting or shocking , although it tries hard to be the later . The movie tries to use shocking imagery to paint a picture of a dreary , desperate , violent future society , but ends up looking like a slightly weirder , lame version of the 60s -- art deco couches shaped like eggs , strange fashions in clothes with codpieces for the men , walls covered with nude posters , a society made up of haves and have-nots , lots of crime and violence -- this is supposed to be shocking ? It was n't that different from what existed then , or now.Although McDowell turns in a fine performance as Alex -- one of the few high points in the movie is his performance -- a lowlife like Alex probably would n't care for Beethoven . I suppose this is an attempt by Burgess to show that Alex had some `` higher nature '' or sensibilities and is somehow worth rehabilitating , but that 's unlikely . Finally the avoidance conditioning used as punishment likely would n't work the way it 's described in the movie.So overall , the story is n't particularly interesting and the future society Burgess envisages is n't that scary or shocking even by the standards of the time . I did n't read the original book , but being by Burgess , I 'm sure it had depths , nuances , and complexities that could n't be explored in only a two-hour movie , but unfortunately , very little of that comes through in the movie . So although I had high hopes for it , I have to give this one the thumbs down . I rate it two stars for effort , but really , that 's being generous . As someone once said , maybe this is the sort of movie that people profess to like in order to show how cultured they are . Well , it 's one thing to not have any learning or erudition in artistic matters , but saying that something is truly great that is as bad as this is something I just do n't understand.By the way , the review by Clint the Cool Guy , which is several pages back from my more recent review , critiques the film 's shortcomings in much more detail than mine . I recommend you read his review also . I agree with almost everything he said , and he says it better than me . I gave it two stars , but he gave it only one . He might be right .
 A Clockwork Orange is horrid . I consider myself pretty liberal in thinking and tastes , but this film crossed a line that I did n't even know existed . It was so bad that I was ashamed to let anyone in my house see me watching it . I stuck around till the end to see if there could possibly be some redeeming factor that warranted all the hype - NOPE!Gratuitous violence , rape , and murder without rhyme or reason . This film is so disturbing , if anyone I knew even said they `` liked '' this movie I would seriously re-evaluate our friendship - it 's a serious character flaw . The fact that so many have found artistic merit in this filth is sad . This is certainly not one of the greatest movies of all time , it could quite possibly be THE WORST . Ever . Oh let me count the adjectives
 I can honesty say that this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen . Maybe because i did n't really understand it , but i thought it was boring , did n't like the concept , the acting , directing , or anything else about this movie . I am not a hard person to please when it comes to movies , especially classics wise -LRB- like One Flew Over the Cookoos Nest -RRB- , but this movie just did n't do it for me . I heard good things about this movie from friends , so i rented it and was VERY VERY disappointed , and i do n't think i could even watch it again without pulling my hair out consistently until the finish .
 so i finally watched the movie after i heard all it 's praise , and it was n't worth the money . So the book has potential because i thought the story was alright , but things were dragged on incredibly long . Such as the rape scenes , those were show much longer than actually needed . so i say again that maybe the book show more potenial . but as for the movie , it 's another thing ruined by the decade of the 70 's .
 I do n't understand the greatness of this movie.It 's hard tounderstand and seems to have no point whatsoever.Nothing reallybothers me about this film like rape , chessy clothes and sets , etc.The only thing that bothers me is that I ca n't seem to make it clear through because it is so boring . Maybe some good LSD would make it seem better .
 A terrible shame that one of the best movies of all time is released in such a rotten DVD transfer . BEWARE -- the description of this DVD hides that it is in MONO ! I thought my DVD player was broken but eventually figured out this is a mono production -- using only the center speaker on most home theater systems . Even the mono has a lot of hissing.The original film depends on an awesome soundtrack that supports its tension and mood . I remember buying the soundtrack -LRB- one of the few times I 've done this -RRB- when it first came out . The film 's impact is all but lost with such poor mono sound . Do n't buy this ! Wait for a better DVD release .
 In all honesty , I wanted to give Clockwork Orange zero stars , but there can be no denying the effectiveness of Malcolm McDowell 's performance or of Stanley Kubrick 's presentation . They present the film 's story with tremendous effect.Therein lies what makes the film horrible . McDowell plays Alex , a thug who spends his days raping , robbing , and otherwise violating the lives of innocent people . He is arrested and subjected to a government experiment to make thugs into clockwork oranges - drugs and hypnosis rob Alex of his aggression and make him repelled by sexuality , and thus unable to commit any further crimes . But the experiment blows up in the face of the government ; by robbing Alex of his aggression , they 've also robbed him of his ability to defend himself , so when his victims come calling , you do n't have to imagine the vengeance they exact . Thus horrified , the government turns Alex back to his normal degenerate self.There is supposed to be a moral lesson here , but we 're not sure what it is . Kubrick establishes Alex as a worthless punk , but we are meant to be more horrified that he would be made docile and thus unable to defend himself when his victims get even with him . Provocative , yes , but such a theme also insults the viewer 's intelligence ; why should we sympathize with a man who deserves to be brutalized ? Is Kubrick against the idea of punishment of criminals?The film earns brownie points for looking at its subject with audacity , but ultimately fails because of a very real moral illiteracy .
 You would enjoy chewing on aluminum foil more than this piece of trash . This movie made me sick , especially the scene that glorifies rape . I see no excuse for this movie to have been made except to shock and offend which it does to the max ! Do yourself a favor , and instead of watching this , shave your head with a cheese-grater . You will enjoy it more .
 I saw this picture on the big screen when it was first released . Just about all the people I knew kept telling me how great the movie was so I went to see it . Well , I disagreed with all the praise then , and still do . I thought it was ... -LRB- awful -RRB- to sit through , full of double standard cinematography , and chauvinistic attitudes going way beyond what the Burgess novel was about . About two years later I ventured to see it again to see if my attitude toward the picture had changed . It had n't . I still felt that it was an extremely bad picture . I ca n't fault the acting or the art direction . What I could not stomach then and still ca n't stomach is the way Kubrick handled the material . I have enjoyed other Kubrick movies -LRB- notably `` Dr. Strangelove '' , `` 2001 '' , and `` Spartacus '' -RRB- but `` Clockwork '' continues to leave me cold . The violence is sickening , the attitudes of the characters -- as well as Kubrick 's attitudes ! -- are appalling . No amount of Rossini and Wendy Carlos 's music can save this movie from being the most overrated and most depressing movie anybody ever made . Ghastly ! Absolutely Ghastly !
 Hideous , obnoxious , pretentious . Unforgivable defamation of Beethoven . Ugly looking sets , costumes , and people . Overwrought satire . Horrible , horrible movie , possibly the worst I ever saw .
 `` is free will more important than being good ? '' this movie asks . `` No '' I replyed , `` if criminals have their freedom , then good people will lose their freedom . ''
 A Clockwork Orange - the 1971 , controversial sci-fi black comedy was directed by the notoriously hard perfectionist Stanley Kubrick and stared the ` popular-at-the-time ' Malcolm McDowell . The movie was difficult to make , with the original rape victim leaving the project due to numerous takes and being the cause for a recast , and McDowell scratching his eyes and nearly drowning in two famous scenes . Still , the film is an overrated disaster in my book.The film concerns the brutal Alex DeLarge , a repulsive , careless rapist who enjoys himself by attacking innocent people in a terrifying future with his friends , Pete , Georgie and Dim . Fifteen minutes into the film , and many viewers , most likely women , would have fled from the cinema . In these fifteen minutes , the gang attack a tramp with sticks and chains , although we see little of the attack and it cuts quite quickly to the next scene . Here , we see Billyboy and his own four friends attempting to assault a young woman , when Alex and the gang visit . The woman escapes and there is a fight , although it 's mostly just chairs and glass they fight with , the camera is a fair distance away and there is no sight of blood . When many viewers will find this scene unsettling , it would be suitable for even youngsters . Then there is the famous rape scene , although , again , we see very little of it and it cuts to the next scene . This scene shows us Alex 's obsession with Beethoven and how Alex and ` droog ' Dim may not get along too well.After Alex ends the night listening to Beethoven 9th Symphony , it is the next morning , when Alex comes across Mr Deltoid . Deltoid advises Alex to keep his hands to himself , but , as he would , Alex does n't listen . Minutes later , we experience a fast-motion orgy scene , while more classical music plays in the background.Afterwards , the film slowly becomes tedious and unentertaining , although there is an interesting scene in slow-motion in which Alex turns on his friends and kicks them into the river , showing them who is ` master and leader . ' That night , Alex breaks into a woman 's house , strikes her over the head with a large statue and escapes , although his friends get their revenge and leave him to the police . Alex undergoes extreme experiments in prison meant to cure him of his wicked ways , and he leaves prison , where he bumps into vengeful victims from the past.With over-the-top performances and direction and somehow irritating production design , A Clockwork Orange failed to keep me compelled , although it is clear that quite alot of the public love it to bits . I expected more , and got little . A Clockwork Orange is not a masterpiece , but an overrated disaster .
 great movie , but only on vhs . . why would they put out a dvd that is not even stereo ????
 I own this on DVD and VHS . I saw it 14 times in theaters . I know what the film looks like . And Stanley Kubrick was notorious for his pathological compulsion to visual perfection . This Blu-ray looks like complete crap . The producers should be ashamed . What garbage can did they pull their master out of?Go buy the `` 2001 A Space Odyssey '' Blu-ray instead , which was obviously put together by people who were technically very talented . Seriously .
 Rant time.SK seems hooked on sex and violence . He uses Burgess ' book as a vehicle for his warped mind to work on . It is a sick movie . The themes put forward in the movie could have been done in a less thoroughly perverse way.If he had seriously wanted the world to benefit from his interpretations of Burgess ' book it may have been better for him to have toned it down but that 's no good because you can achieve notoriety and fame for producing ` art ' that appeals to a relatively minor group too with a lot less effort hence Clockwork Orange the movie.The pluses were that Malcolm McDowell did a great job and that the music was awesome shame the movie did n't live up to it . For that it gets one star.Sho .
 I have to agree with the veiwer who said `` A Sickening Picture - Bottom of the List ! You would enjoy chewing on aluminum foil more than this piece of trash . This movie made me sick , especially the scene that glorifies rape . I see no excuse for this movie to have been made except to shock and offend which it does to the max ! Do yourself a favor , and instead of watching this , shave your head with a cheese-grater . You will enjoy it more '' I do n't think I need to add anything to his/her great review .
 I use to read for a while before buying any Stuff , So I think I usually make the right choice ... But not with this one . This movie is totally overrated and weird . The characters , the music , etc. , I was thinking what kind of people would enjoy this movie ? . I think sadism and madness are not a good movie topic -LRB- in most times -RRB- . If you watched Natural Born Killers and you liked it , I think you will enjoy this one too , but if you hated it -LRB- as me -RRB- you will hate this one even more . I consider myself as an open mind about movies , I enjoy very different genres but I do n't get why anyone could enjoy movies like this one . If you want to compare your movie `` taste '' with mine , my preferred movies are
 My class had to watch this movie , and half of us think it 's disgusting while the other half thought it was a masterpiece . Well , personally , I thought it was repulsive . The violence and nudity were nothing less than shocking . I 'm not blaming Kubrick , it 's just how the story goes . After watching 30 minutes of it , I had to turn off the TV .
 I loved `` Dr. Strangelove '' , so I thought I would check out some of Kubrick 's other films . Sadly , I found the much-lauded `` Clockwork Orange '' a complete waste of time.The film 's opening is nothing but mindless sex and violence . I ca n't stand films that rely on shock value , and the genuine misogyny shown here made me want to puke . I understand it 's supposed to be satire . But satire works a lot better when there 's at least one sympathetic character in a film , and in this film there is none . The attempt to portray Alex , the main character , as a victim of the Establishment garnered no sympathy from me whatsoever - letting him live was much too kind of the Establishment , in my opinion.The sixties/seventies common belief that people need to be `` liberated '' by watching graphic sex and violence has been pretty well disproven in my view . All it does is desensitize . Ten minutes into this film I no longer cared about what happened to any of the characters - it would have been a good idea to bring in some of the atomic bombs from `` Dr. Strangelove '' and blow the entire world of `` Clockwork Orange '' to Smithereens.The film attempts to garner sympathy for the main character by showing him brutalized by the Establishment and finally `` reformed '' - learning how to behave properly is portrayed as this brutal process that robs innocent criminals of their individuality . Waaaaah.The people who love this movie and worship it as some kind of classic are likely the same ones who refuse to discipline their children , because of course any sort of discipline crushes the spirit.The premise of the film is idiotic and its relentless misogyny and violence are disgusting . There are much better films with similar themes out there ; do n't waste your time with this stinker unless you 're a masochist .
 Note that this review is based upon an old video tape version , not a recent DVD versionI have n't read it , but from what I 've garnered from reviews of the Burgess book , the `` point '' to this story is that a `` liberal '' government , if taken to an extreme , would result in a `` dehumanized society . '' I , for one , can forgive Burgess this obvious error . For example , if you compare the USA to Western Europe , you find that there is plenty of violent crime in the most `` conservative '' regions , yet very little in Western Europe . Moreover , you do n't find much creativity or `` freethinking '' in the areas that voted for McCain by a wide margin -LRB- in the 2008 Presidential election -RRB- . However , many have said that the more `` liberal '' areas of the USA are quite similar to Western Europe , especially `` right-wing '' pundits who like to do things such as to call for a boycott on French imports . Burgess seems to think that there will be small pockets of more `` traditional '' living , which Alex can choose if he wishes , by including passages about one of Alex 's fellow gang members who `` settles down '' -LRB- which is omitted in the film -RRB- . One major problem here is that the psychological reality of such situations is highly unrealistic . That is , after committing such horrendous acts , how many people are going to settle down and live a `` Leave it to Beaver '' kind of life , with little excitement and many responsibilities ? I 'd like to have been given some insight into the workings and genesis of Alex 's psychopathic mind . Is it because of the `` liberal '' government ? If so , that is simply ludicrous . Again , look at recent history . Was the Columbine massacre located in some `` super liberal '' community of old , wasted hippies ? Because I did n't read the book , I ca n't say how Burgess tried to resolve such obvious problems , if he even tried -LRB- perhaps he just meant it as more in jest than something to be taken too seriously by the reader -RRB- , but the focus here is on the movie , so I 'll move on to it now.Kubrick takes a clearly unrealistic vision -LRB- at least at this point in history -RRB- and turns it into utter nonsense . There are no sympathetic characters , and there is little if any exposition on why the people in the film behave as they do . If they have been `` dehumanized '' by a `` liberal '' -LRB- or any other kind of -RRB- government , we need to see how it occurs or occurred . I do n't really care all that much about what happens to `` little Alex. '' To be honest , if he had been taken to a judge and summarily executed after being caught `` red handed , '' I would n't have minded ! I do n't have a problem with the `` background '' of a criminal being taken into account in criminal courts -LRB- if it is reasonable , of course -RRB- , but all we see here is a psychopathic personality who needs to be stopped . If this film is meant to make viewers consider the `` glamorization of violence , '' it succeeds in doing the opposite -LRB- and how much of such glamorization was there circa 1970 , when what was on the minds of most Americans was Vietnam and `` race riots '' -RRB- ? Kubrick shows us more than one of these youth gangs , but we do n't get a sense of what the overall society is like . There is what appears to be a public housing project that contains the small but nice apartment that Alex and his family reside in -LRB- the decor might nauseate you , but it is consistent in several different living areas , making it appear that this was the style of the times -LRB- which was also the style circa 1970 among many young people -RRB- , so it 's unclear what is meant by the decor , though the prison was `` old fashioned , '' which is problematic , though minor when compared to several other ones . The lobby of the housing project is a shambles , as are other areas of some of the urban area we are shown , but again viewers are given no clues about why this is the case . There are two houses that are very nice , both on the inside and outside , but again , we ca n't discern why from the film . If there are extreme socio-economic -LRB- or at least economic -RRB- differences among people in this future society , then how `` liberal '' can that be considered?And how `` liberal '' is it to allow teenage gang member to drink concoctions that make them `` ultra violent ? '' That is just stupid , and this seems to be more of a `` libertarian '' idea than a `` liberal '' one -LRB- and for those who do n't know , most `` libertarians '' in the USA these days seem to align themselves with the Republican party , and not the Democrats -RRB- . But again , this is a minor problem , though part of the major issue about furnishing the viewer with some sense about why this future society is the way it is presented in the very limited glimpses we get of it , as we follow the `` highlights '' of Alex 's life at a certain period in time.Basically , Kubrick is guilty of very poor `` storytelling '' here , and that is something no maker of a fictional piece of entertainment can be forgiven -LRB- in my opinion , of course -RRB- . If he wanted to change the point of Burgess ' book , that 's fine , but then you have to do a lot more work . If he was interested in warning us about what a few powerful people can do to society in general , in terms of `` social engineering '' or something else , then the better subject might have been Alex 's parents , because most people do not become anywhere near as brutal and devoid of humanity as Alex under the worst of social conditions . How about the young people who were victimized by people like Alex ? We do n't see them at all , unless you count the young woman who was about to be raped by the rival gang , and who ran off the stage without the viewer learning anything about her . Was this common ? Was it mostly something those of the lowest socio-economic strata had to fear ? We are not even given the slightest of clues!One thing I did find interesting was how many scenes were set up to have a stage-like quality , or were actual stages . It seemed like Kubrick wanted us to think that `` all the world 's a stage , '' and yet I ca n't imagine how this fits in with Burgess ' book or the general idea of youth , bored by some sort of a `` nanny state '' -LRB- as some `` right wing '' pundits say here in the USA -RRB- , will be lead to either a mindless or psychopathic lifestyle . Moreover , the viewer does learn that there is some sort of `` opposition politics '' in the society , and so again there is an obvious problem , which is that in such societies , there is rarely a great deal of movement to one extreme or the other.That leaves the reader to question how things got so `` out of hand '' if the people could have voted for a different vision of society once they saw that one party 's governance was not what they desired . Here , I think Kubrick needed to change things , with `` liberals '' taking over and there being no opposition party . At least in 1970 , `` conservatives '' might have agreed with this , though they would still have condemned the sexual violence in the film , which `` liberals '' would have been -LRB- and I 'm guessing were -RRB- more willing to tolerate . If he did show us a society run as a `` liberal nanny state , '' then the `` old fashioned '' prison system we witnessed would have to have been very different . Again , this may have meant some major changes to the book , and I do n't know how creative Kubrick was in this area , considering how his movies were not written by him , but were adaptations of books.I think the most generous way to look at this film is to view it as a kind of fable . It 's something along the lines of `` Little Red Riding Hood , '' really . However , that story added a magical realist element , as some might say today , whereas this film used sound and imagery to `` dazzle '' use with would make most of us want to vomit if we saw it they way it actually occurs . Furthermore , there certainly seemed to be an argument here for a `` conservative agenda . '' That is , the notion that people are inherently `` bad , '' and that the few who have -LRB- for some reason -RRB- `` moral fortitude '' need to do all in their power to keep the greedy , lustful , lazy , potentially violent , and/or morally bankrupt `` masses '' from getting what they want -LRB- or think they want -RRB- . And all of this we are supposed to just accept , without being given any reasonable explanation for it.Sorry , I 'm not `` buying '' any of it . And what 's more , I have n't even been given any reason to do so , not even a bad reason ! I might be able to get a few minor chuckles from a book that imagines a society where `` liberalism '' runs amok , though I might not believe that it could ever actually occur , but Kubrick 's vision is as unappealing as one can imagine , as well as being unrealistic -LRB- or does `` liberalism '' not include a democratic political system , where people can vote for change if they do n't like current policies ? -RRB- . When I was in my twenties , I really liked this film . My thought was that this was a vision of what could happen in society if the `` glorification of violence '' was `` taken too far . '' Now , twenty or so years later , I do n't think that this view makes sense , in terms Kubrick 's intentions . Nor do I think it makes sense in terms of what has happened since then -LRB- for example , many nations enjoy violent Hollywood movies yet there is n't much violent crime -RRB- . I think that I now have a `` reality check '' that films need to pass if I am to take them seriously , unless -LRB- as perhaps Burgess ' intent was in the novel -RRB- it 's not meant to be taken seriously . Kubrick , leaving all the `` glamorization '' aside , seems to have been deadly serious , though about what , exactly , is unclear .
 This product was listed as `` New '' but was not . The case was open and the DVD was used as evident by the scratches . As a warning , do n't believe what is described .
 `` A Clockwork Orange '' has some very interesting messages about criminal punishment , like who 's really the victim when the victim wants revenge on the criminal who harmed him -LRB- when Mr. Alexander tortures Alex with Beethoven music in the locked house near the end -RRB- and what kind of control the government really has over the indiviudal -LRB- occuring when the doctors `` brainwash '' Alex -RRB- . But , I ca n't believe this film is considered a masterpiece . Filled with scene after scene of rape and assault , and later , endless scenes of the criminal , Alex , wanting to be reformed and getting it at a high price . I think people only celebrate this movie because Stanley Kubrick directed it . I 'm a fan of Kubrick , but I really think he wasted his time on this gloomy , moody piece of nonsense .
 I wish I was british , maybe then I could have understood three words in this movie .
 When I first saw this film , I was an adolescent , and I enjoyed it . But now that I 'm all grown up , I feel that A Clockwork Orange is empty , and it was probably made for people who do n't have a lot going on `` upstairs '' . Just look at the people you meet in your life who quote this film . Are these people that you admire ? If so , maybe you will like this film.But do n't be fooled . A Clockwork Orange has nothing to do with clocks or oranges . It is about friendship and betrayal . The main character `` Alex '' is betrayed by his friends the `` droogies '' . Spoiler alert : I 'm giving this film a two star rating -LRB- instead of one star -RRB- because it does have a happy ending . In the end , Alex is successfully rehabilitated . So it gives us hope that doctors in the future will be able to cure people more effectively than they do today .
 It was a source of great excitement to me when this video arrived , especially after having perused so many reviews on this site which read like press releases from Warner Bros. . For a long time , this film has been unobtainable here in the UK so I felt like someone about to sample the forbidden fruit . What a disappointment ! Granted , it was made almost 30 years ago but , Kubrick 's other films have n't dated too badly , whereas this one plays like a garish , soulless , deeply misogynistic , poorly paced , reactionary excercise in titillation . Whereas Burgess ' novel was a brisk read , Kubrick 's film just seems to lumber along , especially once Alex hits prison . As Eyes Wide Shut also painfully demonstrated , brevity was never a word in Stanley 's vocabulary.Personally , I feel that Kubrick 's decision to withdraw the film from Britain in 1973 was the shrewdest move he ever made . His reputation soared whilst his worst film remained unseen.What I find most unsettling , however , are those viewers who brag about about being only 9 years old when they first viewed the film and of having seen it upwards of 100 times . Sure the cinematography and music are impressive ; but , and maybe its just me , it does strike me as being rather disturbing to repeatedly view a film , even one directed by a ` genius ' film-maker , in which the most likeable character is a vicious , teenage rapist . It annoys me that anyone who has the impudence to criticise Kubrick , or to rate any of his movies anything less than 5 stars , is immediately labelled as mentally retarded . Its all too easy to sit in one 's ivory tower and repeatedly drone on about Kubrick 's infallibility , Kubrick 's deity , Kubrick 's true intentions being misinterpreted , crime vs punishment , blind obeisance vs free will , blah , blah , blah ; but the fact of the matter remains that there are certain individuals whose sole purpose in seeing this film is to get their ` kicks ' from the opening 30 minutes and switch off their VCR 's before the film slows down and we get to ` all that boring retribution stuff . ' The thrill inherent in Alex 's behaviour was acknowledged by Burgess himself who admitted at being `` sickened by my own excitement in setting it down . '' This is one of the reasons for Burgess ' use of Nadsat ; it acts as a powerful distancing tool between the reader and the horrors taking place on the written page . Unfortunately , Burgess ' intentions appear to have completely bypassed Kubrick who , in addition to changing the ending of the novel , treats sexual violence as rather a jolly enterprise and not in the least deserving of the bad rap its had over the years.Finally , to the viewer from San Francisco who feels that we need to `` save England '' I can assure him -LRB- ? her -RRB- that both the book and film are works of fiction and that there are no droogs presently rampaging through our nation . In any case , Burgess ' primary motivation for writing the novel was in order to `` exorcise my demons '' ; his pregnant wife had been beaten unconscious by four deserting GI 's during WWII and consequently miscarried . Once again , I thank our San Franciscan friend for his concerns and reassure him that reports of our collective demise have been grossly exaggerated .
 Stanley Kubrick 's ` ultra-violent ' sci-fi comedy A CLOCKWORK ORANGE was released in 1971 , but banned by the director until its re-release after his death in 1999 . The film was highly controversial , spawning copycat crimes of rape and brutal murder . Court cases proved that the film was the reason for the crimes committed by the young criminals . It was when Kubrick received several death threats in 1973 that he withdrew the film from all countries.The film concerns Alexander DeLarge , the vicious young criminal involved in serious crimes , who is forced to suffer from psychological experiments designed to turn him towards the good rather than evil.Many critics consider the film a masterpiece , others consider it repulsive rubbish . Upon my first viewing , I considered it highly overrated , poorly acted and sick . However , I gave it another chance and watched it again , and the film became more addictive and better on each viewing . I ca n't decide - is the film great , or is this the film bad?Still , the film 's use of mixing violence with classical music -LRB- mostly Beethoven -RRB- is slick , whilst Malcolm McDowell 's performance , although it suits Alex 's character , is rather over-the-top . The audience will begin to wonder how Alex became what he is -LRB- a sick , brutal teenager . -RRB- Was it his childhood ? Most likely , though , it is the world around him to blame , for it is run by the ` ultra-violence ' that he loves so much . It would have been good to know how Alex became what he was . It 's interesting , though , because in the deleted final chapter of the novel , written by Anthony Burgess , Alex becomes tired of violence.Stanley Kubrick mixes black humour with the sex violence violence , especially in the rape scene in which Alex chants ` Singin ' in the Rain ' when trashing the house and stripping the victim . This also shows in the fight scene , because ` The Thieving Magpie ' plays whilst the two gangs fight with glass , chains and sticks , and it shows in the fast-motion orgy sequence when the ` William Tell Overture ' plays.For its time , in 1971 , A CLOCKWORK ORANGE was a shocking film , although by todays standards there are films out there with more sex and violence.Meanwhile , I still fail to decide whether the film is any good or not . I 'm going more towards the film being bad , but more viewings may change my mind.Although I do n't own the DVD , I am aware that many owners of the DVD are satisfied with the picture and sound quality , but disappointed with the extras -LRB- only a trailer is included . -RRB- I can remember , though , searching Malcolm McDowell 's site and reading text claiming that a new special edition DVD with a commentary by McDowell is in the works . Could it be true ????
 What a waste . This masterpiece of cinematography gets ravaged by the Warner Brothers Marketing Department . My complaints
 Yet again a supposed great director as soiled an amazing novel . Before I watched the film I read the script , which wasnt impressive , in that it lacks the innate credibility of the novel . Kubrick didnt want this film to be seen , because of the effects it had i.e the influenced raping and violence , mimicing Alex etc. . Kubrick appears to have completely missed out the point of the novel . The very fact that he annexed several important if not disturbing scenes from the original text , has led to Clockwork Orange being an immortalisation of a violent antihero , with a penchant for classical music . Perhaps if Alex 's maturation at the end of the novel had been shown the film would have been more epic , and if the levels of depravity Alex sinks to such as child rape had been explored , maybe the film might have got across the point of the book . However it didnt so Clockwork Orange lapses into the plethora of fantastic books that modern `` legendary '' film makers have destroyed . Oh and Apocalypse Now is far , far superior to Full Metal Jacket .
 Being a great admirer of Anthony Burgess ' novel I have to say that I was extremely disappointed with Kubrick 's film of it . In my opinion the project was scuppered from the outset by the poor casting
 Now , first I read the book , a masterpiece of Brtitsh author Anthony Burgess , who creasted the slang featured in the film -- not Stanley Kubrick ... -- and , as usual , the movie disappointed me . I generally do n't like Kubrick , as he seems pretentious as all heavens , so I can say that this one is probably among the least-bad out of his `` classic '' era . There are several things he completely -LSB- messed -RSB- - up , creating a film of psychedellic eye-candy that seems to `` glorify '' the violent nature of the book , and he makes the lead into an even purer -LSB- jerk -RSB- than he was in the book , where he seemed to have a bit of sympathy for his mates , amongst other things . If you 're a fan of violence , psychedellic films , pseudo-surrealism , and / or Stanley Kubrick , you 'll probably enjoy this little endeavor from the Bronx 's best-loved hack . If you 're a fan of Anthony Burgess and / or real artists , you probably wo n't enjoy it at all -- I know I did n't .
 The DVD dose n't work on any of my 3 DVD players , i contacted the provider and received nothing in return .
 I know I 'm going against the grain here . But as an adult watching this movie today , I find the message obscured by the drudgery . The sets are extremely tacky , even for the 70 's , and the movie moves slower than molasses . If you have a lot of time to waste , go ahead and watch this movie . There are far better movies that express similar social commentary , but do it at a much more palatable pace .
 I watched this film knowing that it was considered a classic and that references to its characters were plentiful in modern works . I had no idea of the deeply disturbing violence that was in store . Social commentary aside , I now have images of evil seared on my brain that I never wanted . Watch at your own risk .
 The book was incredible . Fresh and stirring . Also , wonderfully disturbing . The movie , however , never made it past `` disturbing . '' The performances and direction fell extremely short of what could have been done with Burgess ' amazing novel . Perhaps my mistake was in reading the book before watching the flick . Either way , it 's obvious that Kubrick was attempting to inject the same level of art and originality into the filmmaking as Burgess did into the book , but , sadly , it was a dismal failure , in which the integrity of the book was lost . Kubrick was a very talented director , but he unfortunately missed the boat with `` A Clockwork Orange . ''
 This movie was far too enigmatic and incoherent to string together . The music lent itself well to the story , yet one that is laughable . I believe that somewhere in its inner recesses lies a meaning as profound as in 2001 , but I could not allow my self to see beyond the silly sets , costumes , and actions . Any movie filled with characters who have purple hair and wear their underwear over their pants is not a good one , even if it was directed by Stanley Kubrick .
 lots of wacky humor poor quality though not very well made give s bad ideas to kids movie down right is crap
 There is certainly little to no doubt out there as to the caliber of Malcolm McDowell 's performance in `` Clockwork '' and with the dialogue that he was working with in this movie . However , the fundamental question that bares talking about is whether the social commentary that is made through this character is worthwhile in the context of the movie that contains it . Even though it is clear that `` Clockwork '' is designed to make the viewer think , it does not appear that the points it makes are significant enough to redeem this rather drawn-out and -LRB- at times -RRB- slow movie.The first aspect that `` Clockwork '' tends to come under a great deal of heat for , is its rather graphic and descriptive violence . Do not think that it is being claimed here that the violence was unnecessary ; for , there is really no doubt that -LRB- although horrific -RRB- the violence was quite necessary in order for the character transformation to truly hit home . However , in the case of the message that is being made in this movie , the violence does come across as a bit over-the-top and self-indulgent . Kubrick perhaps lacks a bit of originality in the violence department and opts to show much of the violence when , in many cases , more nebulous imagery could have been used to greater effect -LRB- such as the animation the viewer is presented with at the conclusion of the murder scene -RRB- . Perhaps the most stunning aspect of `` Clockwork '' is to be found in Kubrick 's rather surprising lack of depth in the process by which Alex 's character is actually transformed . The viewer is left with no truly legitimate reason as to why Alex so badly wants to leave this prison or why this treatment is so effective . Perhaps that is not what Kubrick is trying to show ; nevertheless , this section of the movie contains the crux of what this movie is getting at and it is sorely lacking . Further , the character 's `` rehabilitation '' is also somewhat suspect in a very similar fashion . For a movie that attempts to provide such emotional/mental depth , it tends to turn its back and leave the viewer to speculate on such transformations.Without this firm basis on the character 's transformation , it makes it very difficult for the viewer to identify with Alex. Indeed , Malcolm McDowell is to be commended for providing such a phenomenal performance that the viewer is still somehow able to connect with his character . Despite the lack of a concrete progression , the viewer is still compelled to believe that the character is capable of change , and this is where `` Clockwork '' does indeed triumph . Unfortunately , although many supporting actors do give good performances , the depth continues to remain lacking with virtually all other characters who appear throughout the movie -LRB- especially Alex 's parents and droogs -RRB- . In the end , Kubrick has certainly made an attempt at visualizing a book with very strong social commentary . Even though , in most cases , this attempt does fail ... at least it is an attempt , and for that Kubrick deserves to be recognized . `` Clockwork '' does tackle some very difficult issues that many shy away from ; however , one can not help but think that Malcolm McDowell 's previous movie -LRB- `` If ... '' -RRB- perhaps covered the same issues in a more effective manner.Perhaps it is due to this lack of concrete character depth that many viewers lose the point of this movie . Sadly , it is easy to see how easy it is for an individual to become lost in this underdeveloped plot and see `` Clockwork '' as merely a violent and exploitative film .
 One of the most enjoyable aspects of a movie are its characters . The characters of a movie bring joy and life to a film . Many characters in movies have become household names in the United States ; Luke Skywalker , Don Corleone , Michael Myers , etc , etc. . One of the main things I did not like about ' A Clockwork Orange ' was its main character , and that was what ruined the movie . In fact , I think this movie did not have any likable characters , which makes it even harder to watch.Stanley Kubrick 's ' A Clockwork Orange ' has become a cult-classic . I remember in high school , this film was very well known and liked by a lot of people . At the same time , I realized that it was liked because of how grotesque and violent the story was , and not famous for the messages it was trying to convey . The film is based on a book with the same name by Anthony Burgess . I think both the book and movie are vastly overrated . The book was slightly better than the movie , but it still did not impress me that much.One of the main problems with the story is that we have so sympathize with a rapist and a murderer . This is hard to do regardless of what punishments he receives . The basic prolbem is that we have to feel sorry for a character whose main solutions in solving problems is through violent means . Sorry , I can not like somebody like that regardless if his free will is taken away . Let me ask a question to those people who are in favor of this film . Would you still be adulation of Kubrick 's overrated movie if it had starred somebody similar to Jeffry Dahmer , Adolf Hitler , or any other real-life killer ? Think about it and let me know the answer .
 Even though there were occasional brilliances , I kept asking myself why so many people found this movie great . I found the story very incoherent and everything was excessive . It was full of overacting and overdirecting . There are some stories to which movies just ca n't do justice . I 'd rather read the book than watch this movie version . I think people should stop justifying this film only because Kubrik made it .
 I saw this movie in the winter of 1991 and was probably seven months pregnant at the time . I found it to be one of the more upsetting movies I 've ever seen ; and I 've seen a lot of movies . This type of film would attract persons of an anti-social nature and was so difficult and strange to follow . I do n't recommend it to anyone and do n't think its appropriate for anyone under 18 .
 I AM 22 AND FOR ABOUT 7 YEAR I HAVE HEARD PEOPLE TALK ABOUT THE CLOCK WORK ORANGE MOVIE , I HAD BEEN DESCRIBED PARTS OF THE MOVIE AND WAS VERY INTERESTED BY THE MOVIE.ONE I HAD FINISHED WATCHING THE MOVIE I FOUND THIS TO BE BIZZAAR , BUT YOU CAN SEE THAT IN ITS DAY IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A VERY GOOD MOVIE.PREWARNING : - BE PREPARED FOR RAPE AND VIOLENCE AND IF YOU LIKE THE SONG ` SINGING IN THE RAIN ' IT WILL CHANGE YOU VEIW ON THE SONG FOREVER.BUT IF YOU HAVENT SEEN IT I WOULD RECOMMEND TO DO SO .
 A Clockwork Orange is one sick piece of cinema art . First off , I have to congratulate Malcolm McDowell for his twisted and genius performance , did n't know he had it in him . The problem with this film is the grotesque nudity and violent rape scenes , less is more . Stanley Kubrick was a good director but he always had the same formula , show more skin . This film is just too trippy for me , but hey if you 're into that then you will love this film .
 Possibly the worst movie ever made , yet look at the overall ratings ! Brutal , senseless violence supposedly carries some type of social message . Vietnam era abomination evidently still `` entertaining '' any number of disturbed viewers . The appropriate viewing spot for this sickest of films is your local dumpster .
 I just saw this movie for the first time on a large screen with a good print . Unfortunately , I do n't think it 's especially good . I have no problem with either sex or violence , but the way these are used in this movie seems juvenile and tedious . The sensibility that pervades most of it seems more like that of a 14-year old boy than a mature , acclaimed director . Perhaps in 1971 the repetitive `` hooliganism '' episodes and schoolyard-level phallic props were seen by audiences as amusing and even daring but in 2009 they just look a bit pathetic . Probably it was a lot of fun to make the film , but most of the humor feels really dated and the relentless misogyny wears thin really quickly . 2001 and Dr. Strangelove are much better movies , I think .
 I have never entered a theater or turned on a video machine intending to hate a Stanley Kubrick film , but invariably that 's the reaction I leave with , particularly for this waste of time and film . `` Ultra-Violence ? '' I 've seen more disturbing scenes in Spider-Man comic books.Since nothing I can write is likely to tarnish the undeserved reputation afforded to this so-called `` classic , '' I 'll be brief
 ... I know everybody loved this movie . The whole punk movement was influenced by it , and all the cool kids in high school dug it . Malcolm McDowell does an amazing job , and of course Stanley Kubrick leaves a very unique imprint on the vibe of the whole thing.But now EVERYBODY is doing the brutality/sex/shock thing , and the movie theater has become a pretty depressing place to go to . `` Natural Born Killers , '' `` Henry
 Other reviews of Clockwork Orange tell me that I do not like the film because I do not `` get it '' or because I am close-minded . Some of the writers insist that the film has value because of the social commentary it contains , or because it is thought-provoking , or because of its enduring relevancy , or even because of its exceptional cinematography . Nonsense . None of these things justify the dehumanizing brutality of this film . I am not a better human being for having seen the film , and I have not been entertained by it -LRB- I would be too ashamed to admit it if I had been -RRB- .
 I really hate to rain on the parade , but feel moved to write a review as an `` average viewer . '' That is , I saw the film during its theatrical release , when I was 19 ; and I was unaware of any controversy surrounding the film , as I lived far from any `` cultural center . '' -LRB- I was in Arkansas , actually . -RRB- This was the Vietnam era . I was a war protester , cultural misfit , and acidhead . My reaction to the film was , and is , one of boredom . That 's not to say that there are n't some good bits
 I wrote the following some 10 days ago , and when I return to check the reviews , I mysteriously notice that the spec . of the disc has now been changed from ' Region 1 ' to ' All Regions ' - meaning that I am able to order it and play it on my PS3 in Spain where I live . I 'm soory that the single peson who thougt my first review was n't helpful - maybe if you lived in Europe and had this crazy regional thing to put up with - as well as prices often TWICE as high as the same -LRB- sometimes fewer features and discs eg . the BladeRunner Blu-ray release -RRB- the you might just feel different ! Anyway here 's the original comment , which of course , I 've now amended ! '' I 'm a massive Stanley Kubrick fan , and I possess all of his amazing movies on first , videotape , then Dvd . This morning I have ordered The Shining , 2001 , Full Metal Jacket and Eyes Wide Shut - all on Blu-ray format , for obvious reasons ... Yet , when I come to order probably my personal favourite of all of his incredible movies which are ' Region Free ' - I find that Clockwork Orange - unlike the others - is ' Region 1 only ' . Huge disappointment.I am a Brit living in Spain , and own a Play Station 3 , bought essentially for the Blu-ray facility.WHY have Warners done this ? ''
 It 's a shame that Kubrick obviously felt we British are n't responsible enough to see A Clockwork Orange . Out-dated censors I can understand , but a ground breaking film director ? Not good .
 When it comes to this film , I really have to side with Alex. After all that violence and nudity , I think I 'm going to be sick ...
 I watched this movie and could not stand it . It 's overdone sets and costumes that may have been `` cool '' in the seventies look just dumb now . Kubrick did n't go to any lengths to make this film look like the future as he did in 2001 , which I think is boring , but much better than this film . It 's portrayal of nudity -LRB- both male and female -RRB- should have awarded it an X rating , and I ca n't see why it did n't . Maybe because they mixed it with violence -LRB- Does that make sense . I did n't think so . -RRB- And I have absolutely no simpathy for Alex and he got exactly what he deserved .
 I watch movies to be entertained and to feel GOOD . I do not associate good feelings with sadness , fear , and psychotic episodes . This film is disturbing and unsettling and left me feeling the need to be medicated.I understand why this is a cult classic . We share this world with many disturbed people . Considering the film was released in 1972 , I am certain this film , as many of today 's movies attempt to , pushed the social boundaries of what could and should be done.The film is very artistic , but not ALL art is GOOD art.I would recommend this film to an enemy or a narcholeptic.This is NOT a movie for the SOUND mind .
 First , reviewers who are stupidly bashing those not giving this film glowing reviews by hinting that anyone who did n't like this film is less than intelligent or is narrow-minded should know that Anthony Burgess , the author of the book on which this film is based , absolutely abhored the film . He found it an immature , exploitive version that took far too many liberties with his novel . I agree with much of what Burgess has to say about this film . Those insulting anyone who does n't see this movie as a piece of cinematic brilliance would do well to read Burgess ' take on the film . This film dilutes , rather than equals or surpasses the novel.My first experience with this film was watching a showing in college , surrounded by drunken frat boys gleefully cheering the rapists on and shouting mysogynistic insults throughout . May not be what Kubrick intended , and certainly not Burgess ' intention -LRB- he wrote Orange after his wife was attacked -RRB- , but sad nonetheless.This film is 70s kitsch and pseudo-intellectualism disguised as social commentary . It presents the issue of societal repression vs. anarchy in a juvenile , black and white manner . I 'm generally not offended by sex and violence in movies , but the attacks in Kubrick 's Clockwork are portrayed in such a unrealistically cartoonish , titillating and sometimes almost seemingly comic , manner that they undermine Burgess ' message . The techniques used in the film may have been innovative for their time , but now they come off as being over-the-top and wierdly dated.If you 're one of those who sees Stanley Kubrick as the genius of his genre , you probably will love this film . I do not think it is Kubrick 's best work . I know that many people will disagree with this review . That 's fine . But , my suggestion to those who think I 'm less than intellectual or am narrow-minded for not liking this movie ? Study the book .
 first , the good stuff . the film and sound transfer is quite good . put it on the big screen , crank up the home theater and enjoy ludwig van and a little ultraviolence.now , unfortunately , the bad . we all know that a clockwork orange is a fantastic movie . a disturbing movie . a somewhat hilarious movie at times . there 's no denying or doubting that . the problem that i have is with the packaging and presentation given to this and all the `` stanley kubrick collection '' videos . first of all , there is a box set of these videos available , at no discernable discount . secondly , in typical warner fashion , the stanley kubrick collection is all packaged in the cheap , cardboard , snap-spine cases that i , and many people i know , have come to detest . there are no special features of note , other than the typical trailer throw in , although there is a short documentary on the shining , and one or two cast biographies sprinkled here or there.honestly though , come on , films like a clockwork orange , full metal jacket , dr. strangelove , 2001
 Amateur totally unprofessional home video , sloppy production.Strikes against this video are as follows : Amateur video production.poor sound qualitypoor close ups of foot workcamera bounces around so much I got dizzynonprofessional dance teammistakes are NOT edited out.the small Blue room , blue walls , blue floors , and blue ceilings make one feel closed in.Apparently , this group of dancers are the people of a local synagogue and they are just having fun - as they do on Shabbat . They are just - well , regular folks - all ages.Pros : Kids can learn most of the circle dances.They do cover lots of different dance steps in real time and slow motion.It has a good running time of 90 minutesBottom line
 Perhaps my sense of humor has changed over the years . I found it kind of interesting , but did n't find it all that funny . Not a strong collection of comedy , sorry to say .
 Version
 The movie `` The Junky 's Christmas '' is great clocking in at only 20 mins . It is a must have for any Burroughs fan . Anyone considering purchasing this should be fairly warned that you only get 20 minutes or Burroughsy goodness for your $ 17.99 -LRB- amazon price at time of writing -RRB- . The other two shorts are not Burroughs related and are horrid . To sum it all up , if you are like me and like filling your entire house with dvds you 'll only watch once then by all means buy this . Otherwise do n't .
 First let me say I am a huge fan of good claymation , and the claymation here is pretty damn cool . It has a gritty noir feel that not only suites the story but is interesting in its own right . But that 's not to say it 's purely a noir exercise in ` grittt for gritty 's sake '' ; the mood is n't oppressive or ridiculously bleak but finds the right balance between down-and-out blues and solemn observation and curiosity . It 's imaginatively rendered and has some nice moments.Now on to the not so good
 I would like to review this film , however , having ordered it on Nov 30 , and today 's date being Dec 28 , I still have not received my order .
 Just a so , so film . Would I watch it more than once ... yes ... but not more than twice . When Deneuve is at her best , she is magic ... this is not it . Why ... story seems trite to me ... not interesting .
 I feel like i threw my money away . Where is the much-needed acton in this series . I had just finished seeing RTLD and was very impressed . However , this dvd series is a SCAM !! There is no essence of LD except for Newt . If your expecting to see the much favored Captain Call , do n't waist your money on this lousy TV series ! And I would n't even bother to get the Outlaw Years !!!
 This series is poorly scripted , poorly acted , and even the historical perspectives of the Lonesome Dove series are lacking.What you will get is a western version of the 1990s , with modern characters transported to an `` old west '' set.Save your money .
 There are no subtitles in this film -- written and spoken language is Japanese !!! I speak and read English and French.The film has the appearance of a badly colorized , old-old-old , badly edited , deteriorating , fuzzy , black-and-white film.This was an unappealing lost of $ 3.99 and a jolting deflation of my expectations .
 Not the Sea Hawk or Captain Blood by any means , but still enjoyable.With a cast like Laughton , Carradine and Scott it ca n't be too bad.Historicaly not very accurate and a little hokey.But then again it does n't claim to be factual.Laughton is great as the scheaming Kidd and Scott as the hero is his usually heroic self.If you are a fan of this type of film , and i am , you will enjoy this picture .
 `` Captain Kidd '' was made in the mid 40s when pirate films were at their peak . We had the great `` Treasure Island '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , Errol Flynn 's film debut in Captain Blood '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` The Buccaneer '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , Errol Flynn 's `` The Sea Hawk '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , Tyrone Power 's `` The Black Swan '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , and `` Reap the Wild Wind '' with John Wayne and Paulette Goddard.The film stars the great Charles Laughton with Randolph Scott , Barbara Britton , and John Carradine.Laughton was one of the true giants of the big screen . He won the Oscar for `` Henry VIII '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- and was nominated twice more for `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- and `` Witness for the Prosecution '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- . These 3 performances alone are among the top 25 performances ever captured on the big screen , but in addition he gave us such compelling characters as police inspector Javert in `` Le Miserables '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , Quasimodo in `` The Hunchback of Notre Dame '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , Herod in `` Salome '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , and Senator Cooley in `` Advise and Consent '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . In `` Kidd '' he does a less than wonderful job . Indeed he does a much better job when he reprised the role in `` Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- . Randolph Scott started in silent films and his early career involved playing a variety of characters in a variety of films - `` My Favorite Wife '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` To the Shores of Tripoli '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , `` Home Sweet Homicide '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- - but by the 50s he was appearing exclusively in B westerns - `` Sugarfoot '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , `` Carson City '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , `` The Bounty Hunter '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , `` 7th Calvary '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , `` Westbound '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- - most of which were directed by Budd Boetticher -LRB- 7 films -RRB- or Andre de Toth -LRB- 6 films -RRB- . His final film , `` Ride the High Country '' was made in 1952 and was the first film directed by Sam Peckinpah . Scott had amassed a fortune from California real estate investments , and he retired from film making because he considered his performance in `` High Country '' to be a good note to go out on . Scott was a good actor and his heroic side is clearly in view in `` Captain Kidd '' , even if he is a little boring in this film.Barbara Britton plays Scott 's love interest . This was her first film with Scott and they would make two more - `` Gunfighters '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- and `` Albuquerque '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . She made a few dozen films , and eventually made the transition to TV where she is best remembered for the `` Mr. & Mrs. North '' series -LRB- 1952-1954 -RRB- opposite Richard Denning . Britton is attractive and reads the lines well enough , but clearly not Olivia deHaviland.John Carradine was a terrific character actor . He was a part of John Ford 's Stock Company and gave memorable performances in `` Prisoner of Shark Island '' , `` Stagecoach '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- and `` The Grapes of Wrath '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . He 's best known to us today for his continuing role as Serenity Johnson in son David 's TV series `` Kung Fu '' -LRB- 1972-1975 -RRB- . Also featured are Sheldon Leonard , John Qualen , Gilbert Roland and Reginald Owen . - Sheldon Leonard was the quintessential gangster . His crooked face and New York accent were perfect for the criminals he played in films like `` Guys and Dolls '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- and `` Jinx Money '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . Leonard made a successful transition to TV as an actor and later as a major producer and director -LRB- `` Andy Griffith Show '' , `` Danny Thomas Show '' , `` Dick Van Dyke Show , `` I Spy '' , etc. -RRB- . He 's a bit of an embaressment in this film as a pirate . - John Qualen is best known as one of the John Ford Stock Company players , appearing in such memorable roles as the crazed but determined Muley in `` The Grapes of Wrath '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , Jose in `` Tortilla Flats '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- and Lars Jorgensen in `` The Searchers '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- . But Qualen did n't only work for Ford , and racked up an incredible 200 + roles in his career from 1931 to 1974 . He is completely wasted in `` Captain Kidd . '' - Gilbert Roland was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1953 for playing a Mexican -LRB- `` The Bad and the Beautiful '' -RRB- and in 1965 for playing an Indian -LRB- `` Cheyenne Autumn '' -RRB- . During his long career -LRB- 1925 - 1982 -RRB- he would play a Greek , a French-Canadian , an Italian , and most memorably , `` The Cisco Kid '' in a variety of films from 1946 to 1947 . He does a decent job as a pirate in this film , but this is uncharacteristically a very small role for Roland . - Reginald Owen is terrific as the tutor to Laughton . Owen was a distinguished actor who appeared in over 100 films including playing Scrooge in `` A Christmas Carol '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , Admiral Boom in `` Mary Poppins '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- and General Teagler in `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- . He had the distinction of playing both Sherlock Holmes -LRB- `` A study in Scarlet '' -RRB- and Dr. Watson -LRB- `` Sherlock Holmes '' -RRB- and played King Louis XV in 3 different films.The film is directed by Rowland Lee who specialized in costume dramas like George Arliss ' `` Cardinal Richelieu '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- `` The Three Musketeers '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , and `` The Son of Monte Cristo '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . `` Captain Kidd '' was his last film . It 's unclear what went wrong , but the film has been pieced together in such a manner that the narrative is difficult to understand . Moreover , the scenes are static , as is the camera , making the film difficult to watch as a swashbuckling pirate movie.The film 's budget is over $ 1 million , but you wo n't see that price reflected in the production values . The models are obvious and there are very few scenes of naval battles.If you 're looking for pirate films , look elsewhere . If you want to see Laughton , there are much better films than this . Indeed , none of these fine actors turns in a bravura performance .
 This film has a good idea for an action filled western -- but where is it ? The actors in this are just average at best and the action scenes are poorly made . The lack of any great actors is evident and the battle shoot out parts appear real fake . I have seen a lot of westerns filmed during the 1950s to 1960s that are much better than this one . The black and white background is great-the only thing going for this one .
 `` Convict Stage '' qualifies as a predictable , saddle-sore , law and order sagebrusher about a revenge-driven pistolero who wants to kill the two outlaws who murdered his sister . Basically , nothing new or exciting occurs in this title-tells-all oater . Seasoned character actor Harry Lauter received top billing over former B-movie western hero Don ` Red ' Barry . `` Convict Stage '' is only for die-hard frontier movie fans who want to round up as many westerns as they can . Neither the presence of veteran western director Lesley Selander nor on location lensing in Kanab , Utah , is enough to make this dreary outdoor adventure captivating.This lumbering , loquacious , low-budget western opens with two young trigger-happy outlaws , Jeb Sims -LRB- Joe Patridge of `` The Hypnotic Eye '' -RRB- and Johnny Sims -LRB- Eric Matthews of `` End of August '' -RRB- , appropriating the strong box from a stagecoach at gunpoint that they have halted in the middle of nowhere . Not only do the Sims brothers gun down in cold blood the driver as well as the shotgun messenger , but they also blast a defenseless woman in the back as she scrambles on foot into the sagebrush to escape from them . As Beth Lattimore sprawls face down in the dust , she scrawls their names in the sand before she dies . As it turns out , this unfortunate woman was related to a natty , notorious gunslinger , Ben Lattimore -LRB- seasoned character actor Harry Lauter of `` Posse From Hell '' -RRB- , and Ben vows to catch up with their sorry , no-account carcasses and kill them . He pursues the Sims across the desert , but their rifle-toting mother bushwhacks him on the trail . This turn of events seems rather contrived since she shows up out of the blue to help from boys . She makes the same mistake , however , that her homicidal sons ' made when they failed to finish off Beth Lattimore . Ben catches two slugs in the arm , but he survives her ambush . Initially , she thought that her two boys were in the clear and could take care of themselves . Nevertheless , Marshal Jethro Karnin -LRB- Don `` Red '' Barry of `` Shalako '' -RRB- gets the drop on the Sims as they are sleeping comfortably curled up around a campfire . He assures them that they were fortunate that he found them rather than Lattimore.Later , Jethro has the onerous task of taking the Sims boys to the territorial prison in Prescott , Arizona , aboard a stagecoach . The bulk of this dreary yarn takes place on the trail as the marshal rides inside the stagecoach with the villainous Sims brothers and forces the two female passengers , Sally -LRB- Jodi Mitchell -RRB- and Mrs. Gregory -LRB- Hanna Landy of `` Diamond Safari '' -RRB- to ride atop the vehicle with the driver and a Native American guard Piute -LRB- Michael Carr of `` War Party '' -RRB- . What the cautious lawman does n't realize is that the mother of the Sims boys is masquerading as an old lady bound to see her daughter who is about to deliver a baby . She packs two six-shooters out of sight in her petticoat and patiently waits for the opportunity to whip them out . Meanwhile , Mrs. Sims ' man , Adam Scott -LRB- George Sawaya of `` Embryo '' -RRB- , leads a group of gunmen ahead of the stagecoach . They wipe out everybody at the stagecoach relay station where our heroes will have to swap out their horses for fresh replacements . Afterward , they blow up a bridge across the river so the stagecoach driver , Dixon -LRB- Fred Kone of `` The Love Bug '' -RRB- has to take another road when they arrive at the river and discover that the bridge has been blown up . About the same time that the marshal realizes they have to change their plans , Ben shows up . The horses are worn out so the driver can not turn back . Reluctantly , the marshal agrees with Ben that they should hole up in a ghost town named Calico and wait for Scott and his army of gunmen . Ironically , during the shoot-out , Ben 's pacifist wife Sally shoots Scott after Jethro is wounded . Mrs. Sims swings her gun on Sally , but Jethro drills her dead to rights with a single shot . Ben wings Johnny in a fair fight and a wounded Jeb decides to give up . `` Convict Stage '' concludes with the Sims boys back inside the stagecoach with a recovering Jethro and Piute guarding them with a shotgun.Veteran western director Lesley Selander , who helmed over a 100 movies , most of them westerns , brings nothing dynamic to this prefabricated horse opera . Surprisingly enough , `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' scribe Daniel Mainwaring penned this routine outing . Ben Lattimore proves that he is not a sadistic gunslinger but a man who lives by a code . Ben 's wife , who had left him because of his gun-toting ways , takes up a six-gun to help them out . Selander manages to keep the action moving forward during its 71-minute running time , but more often than not the mouths of the thespians are the only things moving as they deliver hackneyed exposition . This undistinguished , black & white sagebrusher from 20th Century Fox must have filled out the bottom half of a twin bill for a drive-in theater . Selander does n't generate any more excitement than Mainwaring conjures up memorable dialogue .
 This kind of insanity is making the world a worse place . I 've been hearing this kind of nonsense my whole life ... you think the world is changing for the better . Things are on the whole improving ... then you run across something like this that reminds you that humans are just hairless monkeys on the surface of a spinning rock that is circling a big fire in space . It 's not just this particular piece of weird . It 's the worldview and mindset that it represents . A group of people who have a type of paranoia so profound that they can convince themselves that they are still being persecuted in a country where every elected president , 99.999 % of congressmen , and every supreme court justice ... ever ... have been of the same faith . A paranoia that warps the words of a man who valued charity and compassion above all else into the kind of hate that would throw pigs blood on a pregnant girl walking into a clinic . What would Jesus do ? They wonder why more and more people are non-believers ... its because of them . Their actions show that there is nothing , and I repeat nothing that makes them different from anyone else on this rock . If you had a personal relationship with the motive power behind all of existence you would n't be so petty , so mean-spirited , and so quick to be offended . You would seem different ... but you are n't . You 're just insular and bigoted . Mean and willfully ignorant . Finding this video made me personally very sad.And it 's over priced .
 It is a rare occasion that I am disappointed enough to write a negative review but I feel compelled to do so.First , let me emphasize that my complaint is not with the content of the movie which is surprisingly faithful to the book . I 've owned ` Tim ' on VHS for many years and clearly understood that this version had not been digitally remastered or such . I expected the poor image quality , I simply wanted to be able to watch from a DVD rather than a videotape that was beginning to show its ' age.My issue with this DVD is that a pivotal , and I mean pivotal scene between Tim and Mary is completely left out of this version of the film ! I kept ` rewinding ' thinking I had somehow missed it but , no , it was not there.Should I complain so vocally over a $ 4.99 DVD ? Perhaps not , but for those of you who are fans of the movie and just looking for a more contemporary medium to view it in , do n't bother with this particular copy of ` Tim ' . In comparing the number of minutes on each of the ` Tim ' DVDs offered here it would appear that they are all likely missing that scene . I shall just have to try to extend the life of my poor worn out video tape for as long as I can , I suppose .
 This stuff was a waste of money . It contains Androst chemicals which are steroids . There are safer products on the market too . I tried Instinto Sensual . It is safe and works great too .
 Very disappointed with the sound . Eagle vision usually has very good recording quality . This sounded like there was one mike in a tin can at the back of the theater . Worst blue ray that I have ever heard . Will be putting up for sale , burning it , the apple iTunes version of machine head album sounds way better than this . Do not wate your $ $ $ $ .
 This DVD has a few really enjoyeable songs . It is one of those videos that seeing it one time is enough . There are some good history points and traveling interest Daniel explains and good scenery of Ireland which make the video palatable . Too much video footage is of Daniel himself . I would recommed buying this DVD if you can get it for a low price .
 ok movie ... . but i know i bought the wrong DVD ... . it is ok ... old movie but ok movie
 My Husband wanted the movie on dvd but all I could find was vhs so I ordered it for him he loved it the first time he watched it but the second time he tried to watch it it would n't work . It would not trac .
 Matt Dillon stars in this Ben Bolt movie about a young gambler from the 50 ` s that goes to Chicago in order to improve his life . Diane Lane and Tommy Lee Jones also give standout performances here , and most of the cast is convincing enough . The problem seems to be Bolt ` s direction , entirely average and bland , which does n`t provide any particural memorable moment or scene . There are no impressive camera-angles here , so what counts is really the plot . The worse thing is that the plot is just adequate yet nothing special either , presenting a typical rags-to-riches storyline with cliched characters and unsurprising situations . The acting makes it work in a mildly interesting manner , though , so the movie still manages to be an entertaining pick for a rainy day . `` The Big Town '' is another average film worth watching once and be done with it.Not a keeper .
 Based on the novel The Big Arm by Clark Howard with a screenplay by Robert Roy Pool , this drama directed by Ben Bolt feels like an adaptation of a large canvas novel with all the detail left in , so that everything reads as subsidiary . Set in the Chicago of the 1950 's , Matt Dillon stars as a dice player from Indiana seeking the big time . However , when you 're juggling at least 4 plots it 's only natural that not all of them will come together for a satisfying conclusion . The most promising one concerns Dillon 's Hustler-like competition with Tommy Lee Jones as the owner of a strip club , with Jones having the same spot between the eyebrows as Dillon . The problem with filming dice is that the actual game is monotonous , so the best Bolt could do is create tension by delaying the next roll or the raising of financial stakes , though he does provide an early montage of Dillon with David Marshall Grant on a winning spree and falling dice and money to the sounds of Shake , Rattle and Roll on the soundtrack . The only other visual trick is the sparks of an overhead train on it 's tracks as Dillon and Diane Lane as Jones ' stripper wife kiss to Fever . The best of the screenplay is a laugh line of sarcasm and forboding given to Meg Hogarth as Dillon 's mother re his dice mentor 's funeral `` I nearly got crushed in the crowd '' , and Cherry Jones as a Patsy Cline-like singer who sneaks up behind Dillon , covering his eyes with a guess who ? Dillon says her perfume gives her away and she replies '' Aint nobody gon na give me away but my daddy '' . This use of eyes and the eyes of the dice are also parallel with Bruce Dern as the husband of Lee Grant , Dillon 's employer . Dern is a former dice champ who has been blinded , but unfortunately this plot point gets no payoff . Dillon is also given two romantic partners in Lane and Suzy Amis as a mother of a child out of wedlock . The madonna/whore dichotomy is rather obvious , and the symbolism worse , with Amis ' child scoring points for her and the way Lane is presented so unflatteringly scores points against her . Lane 's fan dance does n't help , since the focus on the scen is more Dillon 's twisted attraction/repulsion . The 1950 's period works for Dillon 's razor etched beauty , the perfect locale for his photographer Bruce Weber appeal , and he even gives a Method touch to the way he hits his own face with a restaurant menu . Watch for Lolita Davidovich as another of Jones ' strip club entertainers .
 Do n't misunderstand my intention . This is a superb film . In fact , it 's one of the most beautiful , haunting , and complex films ever made . I 've loved it from the moment I saw it . Deep , rich , engrossing , elegant . A hell of a ride . Intellectually and cinematically , a masterpiece . So why should n't you buy the DVD ? Because it 's simply atrocious . It 's truly tragic how poorly the colors are rendered . Where the film 's photography is lush , rich , and vivid in color -LRB- an element which , by the way , is essential to the film -RRB- , the DVD renders none of this . The DVD colors are dim and washed out . And not only is the luscious color completely lost , the sound is mediocre as well . Horrific , absolutely horrific . Where do I go to complain ?
 The filmmakers have invented an incident in the life of the Japanese author of mystery and the macabre Edogawa Rampo -LRB- Naoto Takenaka -RRB- . He learns of a woman -LRB- Michiko Hada -RRB- whose husband has died under circumstances identical to those in a novel of his that has just been banned by the government . He is driven to seek her out and she becomes a kind of muse for him . The film becomes a surreal mix of fantasy and reality.Unfortunately , it turns out to be a mess . There is some interesting stuff early on , and I feel that there was the potential for a decent film here , but the director simply did n't know what he was doing . Perhaps part of the problem was that producer Kazuyoshi Okuyama seized it from the original director and reshot more than 60 % of it . I really wanted to like it and was waiting for the fantasy and real-life tracks of the story to culminate in some kind of coherent resolution . Instead , it collapses into a pointless , ridiculous montage of breaking glass , firecrackers , and other meaningless images . Okuyama is an incompetent director . I give it two stars because I 'm a nice guy .
 The first 10 minutes promises a very bold and decisive story but , alas , other than a few snippets of lovely visuals and music , it lets us down . Perhaps if you are a novelist whose real life gets intwined with your fictional characters , it makes more sense . It 's a very symbolic and impressionistic film with a lazy script .
 This film is an ego trip for the director.After the movie is over , you say `` So what ? `` This is the kind of movie the French call an `` artistic masterpiece '' . That should tell you everything you need to know about this film.Thank god I bought it used .
 I decided to watch this film in part because I 'm a big fan of Japanese film , in part because it features two of my favorite actors , and in part because of the extremely positive reviews here on amazon . The film started out well with an interesting animation sequence , but as it progressed it turned into a cinematic version of a supermarket trash romance novel , only with a less engaging plot and a `` mystery '' of very little interest . I love slow-moving stories , but here the story is so thin I found myself dying to hit the fast-forward button to speed things along . The cinematography and effects are `` beautiful '' only in a cliched , soft-focus , daytime TV kind of way . This soap-opera-esque melodrama is dull and embarrassing . There are so many great Japanese films out there ... try something else !
 Our past few years Christmas night tradition with friends and family is to play `` Shout about Movies '' . We love it !!! Since they have n't come out with a new one recently , I purchased Party Games DVD . Boy were we dissapointed . The quality was embarrasing with the ease of technology , today . I agree with the previous reviewer . Please DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I not only say this honestly but literally ; my 5 year old child used Nero and made a more interactive DVD .
 Four stars for the film , no stars for the DVD . What I absolutely do not get is why this film is presented in 1.33:1 aspect ratio . The theatrical release was widescreen ; the DVD should at the very least contain the film in it 's original form . A missed chance .
 do not see beefcake , the book was better .
 I wanted to see a good old-fashioned western with Calvary v. Indians , but I apparently did n't have a high enough standard for the adjective good . This movie is about as low budget as they come . The battle scenes were almost comical . A member of the beleaguered army fort would observe with great fear , `` The Indians are forming to attack ! '' Cut camera to the Indian charge and you witness a whole hoard of all of 12 to 15 Indians . Heck , half the time the Calvary outnumbered the Indians AND they were armed with repeating riffles sitting behind stockade walls . What were the Indians going to do , huff and puff and blow the fort down ? Just when you think you had seen it all , the movie ends with the Indians simply letting the soldiers go because , `` They have fought the good fight and shown bravery . '' Perhaps I should have sought a very good fairy tale . This movie certainly would have filled that need very nicely .
 The fine print on this title says that it 's from Allegra Entertainment , copyright 2006 . However , based on the washed-out cinematography , poor film quality , low-budget costumes , and portentious narration style , if this was made after 1970 , I 'll eat the disk . There are no credits or supplemental information of any kind on the disks , and there 's no listing for it on the internet movie database , nor can I find anything about it with Google . Does anyone have any idea whether this used to be called something else , and when the heck it was made ?
 I 'm sure it would have been 5 stars if I had of recieved it , it would have been 4 if the seller had responded to my email about never receiving it , but this is just awful , I was supposed to get this item on the 7th of January , nothing ... and I got a thankyou email from Amazon ... that 's it . . `` Hey ! Thanks for giving us your money ! `` Sorry ! I 'm pissed !
 I am tired of being ripped off by these music companies . Do they really think people are so stupid as to pay money for this ! The Allman Brothers rock , but what was Sony thinking . I have asked them to recall the disk , and replace mine with VHS . I urge you to do the same . Do not buy this disk !
 I can not believe that Sony completely wrecked the DVD version of this spectacular show . Buy the VHS version and pray that they re-release this properly someday . : -LRB-
 What 's the deal ? I am a huge ABB fan , and thought this was a great show . But what the hell is up with these stupid interviews in the middle of songs ... right in the middle of solos . Seriously , who would do such a stupid thing . It would be a great DVD if they had the whole show , uninterrupted . Why not just put the interviews in a whole different section or disc . If you want an Allman Brothers DVD , just get the new one from the Beacon ... and hope somebody finally realizes that this DVD sucks and fixes it .
 Everyone associated with the release of this DVD should be ashamed of themselves . The VHS version is a masterpiece , featuring 90 + minutes of a smoking hot Allman Brothers show . The DVD is packaged identically -LRB- even stating a `` running time '' of `` 90 minutes '' -RRB- , yet clocks in at 55 minutes . Many songs are abbreviated versions of the originals found on the VHS . The DVD is deceptively -LRB- if not fraudulently -RRB- labeled . I used to think of the Allman Brothers Band as a band for the common man . After this ripoff , I 've vowed not to spend another dime on anything that will earn Gregg and the boys another penny . Anyone who paid hard-earned money for this worthless DVD should be entitled to a refund and an apology from the band .
 Why could n't they make the DVD like the VHS copy ? no editing , i do n't want Liz Reed and Whipping Post edited . If the want to include the interviews , it 's a Freaking DVD . Put them on a bonus track . come on guys , the ABB and us fans deserve better .
 The VHS version is better . The DVD version has interviews over songs . Awful , awful , awful . Stick with the VHS version -LRB- I purchased the VHS and threw the DVD in the trash - and that 's where the DVD belongs -RRB- .
 I am a huge Allman Brothers fan . I bought the disk thinking it was a concert video . Nothing but interviews with music playing in the background . Luckily I was able to exchange it for something else . Can not belive the A-Bros would endorse this .
 This product is an example of how sometimes the progression of technology results in the regression of value . I believe this DVD version of this concert is nothing but the made-for-TV version that had to be under an hour , hence the absence of much of the material featured on the original VHS version.I highly recommend that you find the VHS version -- there are some to be had for reasonable prices . The VHS version is 30 minutes longer in concert length and has no edits or interview interruptions . On the VHS version , the sound is a little bit distorted -LRB- common for VHS tapes -RRB- , but overall is good.As for the performance , overall great , but there a few shaky moments . When the drummers finish their solos in Elizabeth Reed and everybody comes back in for the main theme reprisal , it 's a rhythmic MESS for a few seconds while the drummers have to drag the tempo back down to what the guitarists are playing -- lol . The guitars are a bit out-of-tune in a couple of places on that number as well , but Warren and/or Dickie are pretty quick to tune it back up on the fly ... The BEST tune on this concert recording -LRB- and thankfully is preserved intact on the DVD version -RRB- is Going Down The Road Feeling Bad . I ca n't tell you how GREAT it is ! Just a simple country-blues tune , but Dickie and Warren just absolutely shine on it , vocally and instrumentally ! That track is worth the price of the whole concert!So if you ca n't find the VHS version of this -LRB- or ca n't use it -RRB- , then I still recommend getting the DVD version for what it is -- a lot better than no version at all !
 I echo most of the other reviews - this was an OUTSTANDING concert on VHS that was absolutely butchered when converting to DVD . Edited versions of songs , jams interrupted by interviews -LRB- being a DVD why could n't the interviews be separate ??? -RRB- . Worst of all , `` Jessica '' was eliminated from the DVD.Let Sony know how you feel . Maybe if enough people do this they will realize the money they are losing .
 I used to have this on VHS and was ecstatic when the DVD came out . Although the VHS was itself not the entire show at Great Woods -LRB- which is what we really want -RRB- , nonetheless , what we got was terrific . But it 's just a travesty what happened on the way to the DVD editing room . It 's all chopped up with interviews interrupting the solos , truncated and/or missing songs . It 's so irritating that I will never view it again . Now , if this show -LRB- with Warren , Allen , Dickey , Greg , Marc , Butch and Jaimoe -RRB- were re-released without the horrible edits it would be a `` must have '' . Until then - avoid it .
 I would also like to add my 2 cents concerning the `` Live at Great Wood '' DVD . It stinks and it sucks . Too much talking , not enough of the concert music and they have shortened to disc.Get the VHS and record it to a DVD . That 's what I did . You get the complete 90 minute concert and a video of nothing but music . No comments , no interviews , no interruptions . Warren Haynes and Dickey Betts are GREAT . Greg Allman is his usual excellent musician . Allman Brothers at their best.If I could assign zero stars to this product , this DVD would get it.GAC
 This DVD is a disgrace . Pathetic . It 's actually an outstanding film of an Allman Brothers concert , but the producers ruined it by interrupting the songs with interviews . How can they be so stupid ? How can the members of The Allman Brothers allow the record company to butcher the songs like that ? Do n't they have enough interest in their own music to pay attention to what gets released ? If you want to see the full length versions of the songs in this concert , buy the VHS version because it 's all there . As for the DVD release , it 's such a shame that corporations and record labels show such disrespect for music . The Allman Brothers are one of the greatest live bands of all time and there is n't very much concert footage that has been released , so why did they have to ruin this wonderful concert ?
 I ca n't believe they actually eliminated songs that were on the original VHS tape . WHY !?? And to interrupt the other songs and trash this amazing concert is such a travesty . I hope whoever was responsible for this mess was fired.EVERYONE
 I too am a big ABB fan , and have never been disappointed at their concerts , but this DVD is n't what it could or should be ! How can they claim this to be approx . 90 minutes ? It 's 55 ! Anybody that has seen the boys in concert knows that they are hardly breaking a sweat after 55 minutes . Furthermore , it is ignorant to place interviews in the middle of songs . I might play the disc 100 times and never get tired of the music , but I do n't need to hear Dickey talk about the naming of `` In Memory of Elizabeth Reed '' more than once . Is n't that common sense ? The music that is played is very good , and it 's a shame they did n't do a better job of putting together this disc !
 What were they thinking ? I bought this for the music , not to listen to interviews . They certainly bungled their use of DVD technology on this one . This DVD lacks one important thing ; the Allman Brothers making music.Don ' t bother .
 I LOVE THE ALLMAN BROTHERS LIVE AT GREAT WOODS VHS , IT IS ONE OF THE BEST CONCERT VIDEOS EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRR , AND WAS VERY EXITED WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE DVD.WHAT A DISSAPOINMENT , I SHOULD SUE THE EDITOR , TERRIBLE EDITING , INTERVIEWS OVER GUITARS SOLOS , JESSICA IS CUT OUT , WHIPPING POST IS LESS THAN 3 MINUTES . WHAT WAS THE EDITOR THINKING ???????? THIS DVD IS BAD.STAY AWAY BUY THE VHS IT IS MUCH BETTER .
 Just my opinion , I 'm also a huge fan of the ABB . The music is great , what there is of it . But whoever produced the DVD cut out , and interrupted the music . That 's pretty much `` blasphemy '' in my opinion . I got this DVD to see and hear the band play music . To try to get a feel for the live performance.IMO , the folks who chose the format did a disservice to the ABB . I do n't have the VHS , but it sounds to me from the other reviewers that it is the way to go .
 I first saw the DVD version at Best Buy some years ago and immediately saw that `` Jessica '' was not on the DVD version and I smelled a rat . Then I read the reviews and I 'm appalled ! Can we petition the manufacturer to release the original VHS version on DVD ?
 I 'm clutching on to my well-worn VHS copy of this , as it is AWESOME . Warren Haynes came along -LRB- originally as part of Dickie Betts Band - track down the 1998 `` Pattern Disruptive '' album with `` Blues Ai n't Nothing '' to hear -RRB- and really kicked ABB 's a ** and they got their spark back and were really playing well from about '91 to ' 97 . Looks like I 'll have to do my own rip from VHS-DVD if I want it on disc . Now all I 've got ta do is find a still-sealed VHS copy ...
 When I bought this and took it home . I played it and was severely dissapointd . Ditto to what most other reviewers said . I took it back to Best Buy the next day . It sucks !
 Like a lot of reviewers here , I bought the VHS edition when it first came out ... nothing but the highest praise for that version . There is perhaps no better single video that so superbly documents what these guys do onstage -LRB- at least not with Dickey Betts in the lineup -RRB- . I was fortunate enought to have stumbled upon the DVD for rent first ... which I did , and that was it , for reasons stated so well by everybody else here . By the way , the VHS tape can be copied to DVD , which I heartily recommend !
 I have this Allman Brothers Band performance in VHS format , and it is amazing . A really classic performance featuring Greg Allman , Dickey Betts , Warren Hayes , Allen Woody and the rest . What a major disappointment with this transer to DVD . While the DVD format gives great color and resolution , there is a deluge of unsavory editing . In the middle of key live performances , interviews are spliced in . -LRB- ... -RRB- But the real travesty is the omission of material from the VHS version , and the rolling of credits while the band blazes on Whippin ' Post . This great song is literally cut short in mid-performance . The potential for a great presentation in the DVD format is lost in the editing . The running time claimed is `` approx . 90 minutes '' , while it actually is less than 60 minutes . Sloppy job Sony !!!
 The songs are edited and cut short . There is an interview over top of one of the songs . The last song is cut short with scrolling credits . Whoever released this DVD should be ashamed!Do Not buy this DVD !!!!!!!
 Do not buy this DVD !! Buy the VHS instead . Unlike the VHS -LRB- which also contains an extra song -- Jessica -RRB- this DVD edits some songs short -LRB- e.g. Blue Sky -RRB- and inserts interviews into the middle of other songs -LRB- the VHS just gives you the wonderful music -RRB- . This DVD is a Disappointing Rip Off .
 What a major disappointment !!! I have the VHS and was expecting the same only better sound and picture on the DVD , boy was I suprised . The packaging says `` Blue Sky '' in included , do n't believe it , it 's less than 2 minutes and what there is of it is stepped on by interviews . `` In Memory Of Elizabeth Reed '' is all there but also stepped on . Also where is `` Jessica '' . Stay away from the DVD and buy the VHS .
 I am a big Allman Brothers fan , having enjoyed and loved their music since 1970 , so I was very disappointed when several songs were interrupted with interview material . The performances were fine , unfortunately , in those instances I was n't given the privilage of hearing entire songs . DVD technology allows for re-editing this material so that the interviews are put in a separate menu . I would very much like to enjoy the original concert the way it was recorded , not as a re-issue of the TV program . There is a great opportunity to give the listener something better . Luckily , I was able to return this title because the running time was incorrectly listed on the box as much longer than it really is .
 I thought the disc would contain complete songs , but it only has bits and pieces of most . The disc breaks up many songs with interviews . It would have been a perfect opportunity for the DVD authors to do the interviews in separate menus , but have the entire music selections uninterrupted . We would not have the original television program , but something better instead . What was most disappointing is that the Allman Brothers are a great band , and I really looked forward to hearing the music . But , alas , I 'll have to wait for another disc to get a real concert.Also , beware , the running time is under an hour , not the 90 minutes indicated on the package .
 I 'm disappointed like the rest . I bought the VHS version several years ago and expected an exact copy of it on the DVD . WRONG !!! To make matters worse the DVD cover says `` Running Time
 I 've had this concert on VHS for more than a coupla years now . I 've almost worn it out . when I saw that it was out on DVD , I snatched it right up . Only to encounter on of the biggest disappointments in music I 've ever known !!! Songs cut short -LRB- or completely deleted -RRB- interview over-top of my favorite solos !! I hope Gregg , Warren & Dickey realize How badly This show was butchered , and will re-issue the show in its entirety -LRB- un-cut or un-edited -RRB- because I would buy it in a heartbeat ! ALL-IN-ALL . . A MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!
 So , would you like to see and hear the Allman Brothers Band play Blue Sky , Elizabeth Reed , Revival and Whipping Post live ? Guess what ? Not gon na happen here . Whoever produced this video felt that it would be a fantastic idea to insert band interviews into the middle of songs . You hear about two minutes of Blue Sky IN THE BACKGROUND while Greg and Dickey are interviewed . Elizabeth Reed is interrupted three separate times by interviews , and the stuff that you do see is pretty obviously edited down . Who wants to see Dickey Betts play a solo to this great song anyway ? Whipping Post is also drastically edited down as the credits role through the majority of it . On the bright side , Dickey and Warren play great solos in Get on With Your life , and Statesboro Blues was pretty good . But , otherwise , this was disappointing to say the least . A very misleading DVD . Do n't buy it . Hopefully they 'll fix this , but I doubt it . I wonderdered why it was so cheap , now I know . I wish I would have read the reviews before buying it .
 I Purchased the DVD with great anticipation only after viewing the VHS copy I had in my music collection , What were they thinking . Interruptions during the music with interviews although I like the interviews put it on a different track -LRB- Angle -RRB- . Most songs were edited so you do not get the complete song , Guitar solos missing , Drum solo cut short , Whipping Post 2 minutes ? With today 's technology I would have expected better , much better than the VHS . The running time is not 90 minutes I am returning my DVD today . I am a southern rock lover , as well as a Allman fan but this DVD Stinks .
 I own the VHS version and hoped for an incredible DVD because of my satisfaction with the VHS version . Especially the 5.1 Dolby sound . What a disappointment ! When I went to Blue Sky , all I got was interviews with Greg & Dicky with music playing in the background-Blue Sky for all intents and purposes is n't there . Some songs do benefit from the sound improvement but overall a real disappointment when you understand what could 've been done with today 's technology . Who 's in charge over there ? Save your money !!!
 same beef everyone else has ... there is more talking in this dvd than music ... I bought this because it appeared to be the best song list since Dickie was on this Dvd and therefore his music was also being played but a song will stop and cut to an interview with either greg or dickie right in the middle of a song
 I LOVE THE ALLMAN BROTHERS LIVE AT GREAT WOODS VHS , IT IS ONE OF THE BEST CONCERT VIDEOS EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRR , AND WAS VERY EXITED WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE DVD.WHAT A DISSAPOINMENT , I SHOULD SUE THE EDITOR , TERRIBLE EDITING , INTERVIEWS OVER GUITARS SOLOS , JESSICA IS CUT OUT , WHIPPING POST IS LESS THAN 3 MINUTES . WHAT WAS THE EDITOR THINKING ???????? THIS DVD IS BAD.STAY AWAY BUY THE VHS IT IS MUCH BETTER .
 I was also expecting an incredible DVD version of this fantastic vhs show . I urge you NOT to buy the DVD version ! Stick with the vhs ... it gives you a great show . I could not believe how cheated I felt when I threw this DVD on . What a shame . I am still mad and from this day forward I am not buying anything from SONY DVD until I read some reviews from the folks who bought them .
 Long time Allman Bros. fan . I own the `` Live at Great Woods VHS '' and was excited to purchase the DVD . I am disappointed with the interruptions and interviews during several of the songs . `` Blue Sky '' hardly exist due to an interview with Dickey Betts . It just appears that this recording was hurried and it is much shorter than the original VHS tape . I would purchase the tape instead of the DVD . Bummer ...
 what an incredible botch job ! the laserdisc rocks ! and I understand so does the vhs version ... but this DVD cuts out songs ... cuts up songs ... and generally dissapoints ... THE INTERVIEWS SHOULD BE IN ADDITION TO ... NOT . . instead off SONY . . get it right ! and put this out AGAIN !
 I hate it when reviewers do n't list band personell , so I 'll just say right now that Dickey Betts & Warren Haynes -LSB- are awesome -RSB- , together & solo , and the late Allen Woody also does so on bass . Since ABB is a volotile band , you never know who may pop up , but this is the early-late 90 's line-up that never disappointed . The problem with this DVD , is that instead of having a seperate interview feature -LRB- which is the same problem that plagues Black Sabbath 's Reunion -RRB- , this concert turns into a documentary , and a very annoying one at that ! This was originally filmed for Japanese TV , with Robbie Robertson of The Band hosting it . I have the original Laser Disc version , which just has THE CONCERT , PERIOD , as if you were there . No interruptions , nobody to `` tell '' me what I am going to see OR are seeing , or interviews with the band that send the concert screens & sound into the background . I bought the DVD thinking I would get slightly better sound & video -LRB- which I did -RRB- , & was shocked at the `` butcher job '' that was done to it . So now , I put on both the LD and DVD versions -LRB- if I have friends over -RRB- , & switch back and forth to the LD when an annoying interview screws up the continuity of the concert . Buy the VHS or used LD & do the same ! I give the DVD 1 star -LRB- great audio & picture -RRB- , and it loses 4 stars for the -LSB- terrible -RSB- job . If all you can find is the DVD version , it 's still worth it for die-hard ABB fans , BUT , I have seen the original ... Mentally deranged ? You bet !
 I 've been an Allman Brothers Band fan for over 25 years & have rarely been disapointed by their releases . This is a poor production of a great concert . I have the original VHS of this show and it is spectacular . They really blew it with the DVD.I was expecting additional concert footage that did n't make it to the VHS , interviews , extras ... Instead we get massive edits , partial songs , songs interupted by interviews.Hopefully the band will have this show re-released properly . When they do , they should offer a trade-in for this poor excuse of a DVD.Meanwhile , the VHS is superb !
 Some of the guitar solo 's have the band members answering a interviewer 's question 's right over them . What were they thinking when they made this video ? It is not worth the money . Just more poor quality by the Music Industry Weasel 's Whitch proves once again anything for a buck !
 DVD has tremendous potential for music . While few movies are worth more than a single viewing , a good music video bears repeating . This DVD is about as bad as they come . Too much talk , not enough music . A voiceover is presented during `` Blue Sky '' , which has one of my favorite AB 's guitar solos . Most upsetting is that the closing credits are displayed while the band plays `` Whipping Post '' .
 Like many others long time ABB fan here and agree the dvd version of this concert is horrible . The DVD is butchered with voice over interviews . The VHS release was a concert video !!!!! If you are buying this DVD to watch a ABB concert please be aware the producers included voice over interviews over the music . The interviews should have been provided as special features on the DVD ! While listing to the band members commentary may be interesting the interrupting of the music is inexcusable ! Come on Man ! This is the Allman Brothers Band after all !! Ultimate Jam Band right?Get your hands on the original VHS and have it converted to DVD and shred the bought DVD if you bought it . Life 's too short to waste time time on the current DVD version.The concert deserves to be re-release without the voice over interviews in at least DVD format or appease the ABB fans with a BluRay or DVD release without the voice over interviews interrupting what we bought the DVD for -LRB- the music . . right ? -RRB-
 It makes me sad when I see somebody making a lot of money to do a terrible job of something . Whatever morons were in charge of the editing decided that the people who buy a concert DVD do n't want to hear the actual concert . Blue Sky is one of my favorite songs ever ; imagine my frustration when I skip to that track to see 2 minutes of an awesome Blue Sky turned way down in the background while Dickie talks about Statesboro Blues over top of it . Do n't buy this , you 'll just get mad .
 The first place I saw footage of this concert was on youtube and let me tell you I was blown away . The allman brothers band perform there best songs . So when I heard there was an official dvd release I was beside myself with excitment , That is until I read the reviews stating that this dvd only shows short segments of these performances intertwined with interviews and all I could think was WHY ! why would the people in charge of releasing this do something so completely idiotic . This is a complete tragedy to think that this concert exsist in full on vhs but only in bits and peices on dvd . I can only hope that one day this company will have the common sense to release this in full as it was originally intended .
 Shame on SONY 's Editors who RUINED this concert with Interviews.I happen to own the LASERDISC version which is the FULL CONCERT , No interviews and i have it on DVD . The only bad news about the Laserdisc , is that the audio is only 2.0 Stereo and the video quality is also less than this DVD . But at least it 's the entire concert UNCUT . This Official DVD release broke my heart !!! Bam Bam .
 Fear -LRB- James Foley , 1995 -RRB- Fear is a fantastic example of how a movie can take a stable of fine actors , a solid , marketable idea , and some great incidentals -LRB- in this case , one of the best soundtracks of the nineties in American film -RRB- and still manage to come up with an end product that can best be described as `` blisteringly bad '' . Fear managed to be the worst movie I saw this weekend , and that 's saying something.The story
 `` Fear '' is beautifully photographed in the Pacific Northwest and the dark clouds and foggy forests make the perfect background for an otherwise middling film . Sweet , dim-witted Nicole -LRB- Reese Witherspoon -RRB- meets hunky David -LRB- Mark Wahlberg -RRB- and falls for his perfect pecs and filtered toughness , much to the dismay of her Father -LRB- a pre-CSI and surprisingly buffed William Petersen -RRB- . Daddy dislikes David instantly but Nicole 's stepmom -LRB- Amy Brenneman -RRB- and best friend Margo -LRB- Alyssa Milano -RRB- try to convince Steve -LRB- Petersen -RRB- that he 's got it all wrong . Poor dumb Nicole should have listened to her father . David turns out to be menace , complete with a nasty `` entourage , '' and his list of victims grows to include the Sheriff and the family dog , among others . `` Fear '' has some suspense but few redeeming qualities . Witherspoon , in her pre - `` Legally Blond '' period , is vapid and annoying . She played nearly an identical , though smaller , character in `` American Psycho '' where she was blown off the screen by Christian Bale . Wahlberg is equally unsuccessful here - his evil scowl and vulgar demeanor seem like posing instead of acting . Only Petersen gives a decent performance , but he is hampered by a script full of gratuitous violence , homophobia , and Witherspoon 's shrill , synthetic personna .
 There are two movies , one called `` The Fear '' in 1994 and one that is just `` Fear '' which starred Mark Wahlberg in 1996 . I would like the 1996 Fear soundtrack . You have `` The Fear '' soundtrack listed under both movies . The Fear soundtrack I purchased was definitely not the music I heard in the 1996 Mark Wahlberg film .
 I am so upset that you did n't have the correct sound track that i was looking for . I love the Moive fear w / -LRB- Mark W. -RRB- I was looking for this one song that they have in there . Who ever is looking for the sound track be carful and do not perchase this sound tract unless you know the songs that you are looking for .
 ok ... i have been looking everywhere to find the soundtrak to the movie `` fear '' with mark wahlberg and reese witherspoon , it is my favorite movie in the world !!! i cant find the soundtrack ANYWHERE !!! will someone please email me at PrinSas16@hotmail.com if they have any info . thanks so much buhbye
 `` Fear '' is probably the movie I hate most in all the world . Every girl I know seems to have the wrong idea about sexuality and love because of this movie . The movie focuses too much on extremes -- perfect sex/love and then horrible abuse/murder . Life is not like that . At least Fatal Attraction -LRB- and even Swimfan -RRB- make movies that have a point . Save your money and rent Fatal Attraction .
 Some movies are so bad they 're good . This is n't one of them . This movie was the kind terrible that I wish I could undergo selective electroshock therapy to erase any knowledge of its existence . I like all the stars in the movie , but now this movie is going to taint the experience when I see them in future movies.For a movie that faithfully follows a time-tested formula , it manages to tweak everything just wrong . The creepy psycho homicidal maniac is n't an interesting kind of creep . While you obviously hope he gets what 's coming to him , waiting until the end of the movie is far too long . And what sort of accent or dialect is that supposed to be?I wish I would have stopped watching before the family dog was beheaded . I wish I had never seen it . Do yourself a favor and do n't watch this movie . Especially if you like Reese Witherspoon -- a wonderful actress in the right role -- you will wish you had n't seen her in this dreck .
 A pretty , unconscious , teen blonde falling in love with a beautiful , muscled , young guy , supposed to be filled with spirit , but who 's not what he seems to be , who 's actually a brute , a real psycho , treating women like sexual slaves ... We 've already seen that kind of story a thousand times , especially in TV programs . In this film it 's treated a desperately silly way , we do n't believe in it for a single second . What the hell happened to the talentful director of `` At close Range '' ? What interesting elements did he find in such a bad script ? All this violence , all these dead people , all this mess , for one single girl ... what do you want me to say ? It 's just too big to be honest . The actors , among them the too rare William L. Petersen -LRB- who , after `` To Live and Die in L.A. '' , faced Hannibal Lecter in `` Manhunter '' , remember -RRB- , here facing another psycho , well played by Mark Wahlberg , do what they can to save the movie from the complete disaster . But the final siege sequence , totally ridiculous -LRB- just for one girl ?? -RRB- , desperately trying to imitate the one in Peckinpah 's masterpiece , `` Straw Dogs '' , ruins all their hopes and efforts.This is James Foley 's worst movie which does n't deserve a DVD release . Do n't trust the title
 If you are renting this movie to show to teens , do n't forget there is a super sexy roller coaster scene . It 's a good movie about phsycho teen dating , but there is definitley a sexy scene .
 Well this movie started off semi-enjoyable . An early shower scene of Reese Witherspoon made me happy . Thie movie sets up with a father-daughter conflict that you 've seen in hundreds of other movies . Enter Marky Mark , sweeping the girl off her feet . Then comes the part when the girl argues a lot with the father . And so on ... we 've all seen this before . It seems like the writer ran out of ideas at the end of the movie , though . Or perhaps he was getting bored with all the build-up he was creating with the characters that he was just like `` Alright , screw the rest of the plot , lets get to the action . '' And so he does . And soon after the movie ends at a seemingly premature 1hr . 16min . Woohoo.Don ' t waste your money on this DVD , or even the rental , they play it all the time on USA or the like .
 in this movie , she acted so dumb , and her father was really getting on my nerves . Alyssa Milano really took the cake , playing the friend who sleeps with her friends man . The ending was the worst part of this movie , I found myself being able to predict what was going to happen -LRB- she only gave him the alarm code when he snuck in to sleep with her -RRB- ... the only person who had any sense in this movie was the little brother ...
 Possibly the stupidest movie I have ever seen in my life . Reese Witherspoon is a beautiful and talented actress but this movie does n't give us any evidence of that . Horrible acting , horrible writing ... in fact , just about everything in this movie is horrible .
 I am completely annoyed with this company . I ordered a movie and they sent the wrong one . Instead of just sending me the right one , they are making me go through this ridiculous process by sending the other one back before they send the right one even though it was their mistake . It was supposre to be a christmas gift and basically it was ruined .
 slow shipment.The dvd case was blank.The dvd inside was dirty.I had to clean it .
 The first chapters are in black and white . The newest car shown in the movie is a '56 Ford . When it progresses to the life of Jesus it changes to color but is very poor in photography and all aspects of production . There must be newer stories of the new testament . Find them .
 I bought this movie for my son 's 3rd birthday . How I wish I had watched it first ! I gave it one star only because the elephants were actually cute and if they cut out the violent parts , it could have been a neat little movie . I was expecting the death scene of Babar 's mother , but was unprepared for the horrible war/captive/slave whipping scenes of the rhino encampment . There is an awful chanting reminiscent of Lord of the Rings in Mordor - entirely too much of a medieval , dark , purgatorial atmosphere for young children to be watching . The rhinos whip the elephant slaves -LRB- Celeste cries out
 I bought this DVD for my sons who speaks French , because it says so on the Language description , but its not true . Amazon please fix !!!!!!
 Unfortunately , I watched this movie with my kids instead of BEFORE my kids . Had I seen it in advance , I would n't have shown it to them . My kids are 3 and 5 . My 3 year old found the movie pretty scary - alligators chase Babar , Celeste 's mother is put in jail , rhinos chase Babar , throw spears , fight with swords , launch flaming rocks at the elephant village , etc. . My 5-year old did n't find the movie too scary , but spent quite a while after watching the movie conisdering why the rhinos wanted to attack the elephants AND looking for someone to have a mock sword fight with . So , I ca n't recommend a movie that left one child a bit scared and the other ready to go to battle .
 No details or rating provided about the content of this movie . More than half of the movie shows ongoing violence including fires , whipping , slavery and cruelty . I also found it interesting that one of the girl elephants white panties were always being shown . I would never have purchased this video had there been any indication of its true content .
 My almost-three-year-old son loves Babar books , but could n't handle the violence in this movie . If you want to give this one a try , preview it before sharing it with your kids . It definitely did n't work for us .
 The movie was true to the Babar characters at first , but eventually grew unsatisfying when that whole growling monsters who want to take over thing starts becoming the story . My three year old grand daughter turned away at that point , not having been exposed to that before and not knowing what to make of it . So disappointing .
 we just rented this movie and while my 9-year old liked it , my 6-year old was terrified , with good reason . Lots of violence and cruelty that just went on and on . I had some Babar books as a child and was expecting something similar - I was shocked and angry that someone decided to turn it into some kind of a cartoon Tarentino movie . Yes , eventually Babar does prevail , but in the meantime , there 's enough graphic scary imagery to fuel many kid nightmares . Too many kid movies today seem to be designed for adults , and this is definitely one
 I would n't reccomend this movie . It did n't follow the book by Larry McMurtry whatsoever . If you 're curious about this title , read the book . The book is better . It was more true the Calamity Jane 's life ... she did n't even have a daughter named Janey ... she just wished she had . Wild Bill Hickok never said a word to her , unless it was bussiness . At the end of the book Calamity said . . `` I just get drunk a lot and make up stories about how I wanted it to go , and thats how it sticks in my mind . Wild Bill Hickok never once looked at me in interest . '' Thats why I did n't paticualary care for Buffalo girls te movie ... do n't waste your time on the movie ... READ THE BOOK !!
 The original version of this movie was great . Huston is superb as Calamity Jane , and Melanie Griffith is a great madame.But this version has been hacked to death by some uncaring editor . It has lost it 's continuity and is very dissappointing .
 I was disappointed in this movie , I did not expect a classic film here , but the quality of the DVD was terrible almost unwatchable . The storyline was not that good either . I am a big fan of Fred Williamson ' movies , but not this one .
 A COP -LSB- FRED WILLIAMSON -RSB- IS HIRED TO PROTECT A YOUNG PHOTOGRAPHER FROM A VERY MURDEROUS MOTORCYCLE GANG . THIS POORLY FILMED ACTIONER IS YOUR USUAL ACTION FLICK . BUT , IT IS OCCASIONALLY FUN TO WATCH . AT LEAST THERE IS SOME GOOD ACTION AND THERE IS SOME COOL VILLAINS . THOUGH THIS IS QUITE FAR FROM BEING A GOOD MOVIE , IT 'S MUCH BETTER THAN ONE WOULD MOST LIKELY EXPECT . FANS OF FRED WILLIAMSON WILL MOST LIKELY ENJOY THIS . IF THIS FILM ONLY HAD A BETTER SCRIPT AND SOME BETTER ACTING , THIS MIGHT 'VE BEEN A MUCH BETTER MOVIE . SHOCKINGLY , THIS MANAGED TO SPAWN TWO SEQUELS .
 I find it funny that the movie sells here for -LSB- money -RSB- , when I can pick it up at Wal-Mart for -LSB- money -RSB- Canadian here , and it 's still not worth it . And judging by the previous review , the DVD quality probably is n't any worse . The picture was extremely dark and grainy , and looked like it was shot in the early 70 's rather than the late 80 's . The music was of ok quality , but did n't really suit the movie well in my opinion . But then again , I was expecting blaxploitation , which despite the title , really had nothing to do with that genre at all . Plus the voices were of very low volume when compared to the music , so I found myself turning the volume way up to hear the speech , then way down when the music came blaring in all of a sudden . As far as the voices themselves , the lip synching was horrible ; I felt as if I was watching an old asian kung-fu flick . I guess if there was any saving grace for this movie , it was just how bad the actual acting and story were ; almost laughable , which was what kept me from giving this movie a 1 . I 'm a big fan of B-movies , so I can forgive alot the predicable and often retarded things I saw in Black Cobra . But the DVD quality alone is enough for me to not recommend this movie . Plus Black Cobra is ... whipped , the Zombies biker gang are laughably un-tough , and you only get to see one boob .
 I accidently bought two copies of this DVD . Most of the people who gave it 5 stars had to be gaming the system .
 not very believable , not very entertaining , comon , even dogs and cats groom themselves , watch the beginning of 2001 for just 25 min and save yourself some time .
 A highly effective sleep-aid , guaranteed to induce involuntary drowsing with just the click of a `` play '' button . Plot synopsis
 I tried . I watched Quest For Fire three times and then put itout at the curb with the rest of the trash . If you knew nothingabout evolution or thought the Three Stooges was high art , youmight like this . Sorry
 This movie 's production values were ok . No more than that . This movie showed men to basically be no more than animals and not God the Creators finest creation.Men were shown to be cowardly and totally without any creative thought process.Women were shown as submissive vessels for a man 's primitive urge and nothing more.There was no Eve here.If the producer of this movie chooses to say evolution is a fact and not just some theory then I still ca n't agree with his vision . I believe women are born with the inate sense that they control men with their so called feminine wiles or does he also think that this is something that evolved ? If men were cowardly and unreasoning brutes then how did they survive in the world that this producer thinks was real?No , I saw no value in this movie of any sort not even as a mildly entertaining adventure yarn.Ugh !
 simplistic movie about Neanderthal meeting a water or plains tribe during a journey to find a new fire source for their clan .
 This movie starts out mildly interesting , then starts getting boring throughout . There are no words spoken in the movie that can be understood -LRB- the cavemen have their own unique language -RRB- . I continued watching it to the end , hoping that it would become more interesting , but was disappointed . This is one movie that I do n't plan to watch again - unless I need a sleep aide .
 Maybe 30 + years ago I saw a movie titled `` Quest For Fire '' and thought it was EXCELLENT . The subject came up in conversation and I wanted to show it to my wife and some friends . I went to Amazon -LRB- dot -RRB- com and immediately found this title.When I saw the the movie , I was TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED ! Apparently , this is a modern re-make of the original by that God-forsaken Michael Moore.The plot of this crappy re-make very loosely follows the original , BUT , has been added to in VERY WEIRD and crazy ways that totally detract from the original . A bunch of very juvenile voodoo crap along with extra violence that does not add to the original plot at all.VERY DISAPPOINTED ! Would LOVE to find a copy of the original . Anybody know where I could find it >>
 first off , read ANY book about paleoanthropology written in the last thirty years and you will discover that just about every inaccuracy possible is present in this film . if you want a laugh watch it . if you are interested in a truly anthropologically correct film , watch `` Nova '' or something on the discovery channel . The species presented in this film did not even exist and the phylogenetic traits presented in the `` cro-magnons -LRB- which are not even recognized as a species -RRB- '' completely bogus , as they are closer to neandertals than they are to modern humans -LRB- read anything by Don Johanson -RRB- . and the domestication of the mastadons , yeah that really happened ; megafauna hunting probably did not even happen , so obviously we made friends with giant animals which would crush us if they thought we were even close to being a threat to them . the missionary position creating the nuclear family is also a lie . sex does not make us human , the bonobo chimps use sex the same way as humans , and presumbly for just as long -LRB- and they use the missionary position as well -RRB- . all in all , this movie is worth it if you are looking for a laugh , but if you are looking for anything close to the actual paleoanthropological record you need to look somewhere else .
 This version of the movie is missing the dry humor and gentile affection that made the first release of the film such a pleasure to watch .
 I know its an old movie , so I shoulnt be too harsh on it . I bought it because the premise was interesting to me . But this movie was so boring to me I couldnt even finish watching it . I literally stopped it , took it out , and put a different movie in . Maybe its because theres no talking in it . The early humans are portrayed more as apes . I have no problem with this as I do believe in evolution , but it just made for a boring movie . I think if a larger budget movie with a similar concept was done today , it would be great . Maybe someday when I 'm in the right mood , I 'll try watching this again .
 Brilliant , very enjoyable . Man 's curiosity and subsequent development ... all the family loved this , not only entertaining but educational too .
 Do n't be fool with the nice cover of the movie , this is not Indiana jones or something even near it . It 's the wort archeological action movie ever made . It 's awful , low budget with terrible actings . it 's special features is as poor as the early 20s movies!and the DVD , it 's even worse than the movie . a single layer dvd , the picture quality is awful , not sharp , with very pale colors . it was better if they transfer it in black and white . I Did not watch it till the end cause I love my eyes .
 Do n't bother watching before they find the lost city , peopled by a `` legendary white tribe '' in the middle of Africa . Of course they 're the ones with the gold .
 Wow I was amazed at how terrible this movie was -- the acting was bad bad bad . I do n't recommend even spending the small amount , not worth your time .
 Richard Chamberlain returns as Allan Quartermain in the sequel to King Solomon 's Mine -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , in Allan Quartermain and the Lost City of Gold -LRB- 1987 -RRB- . Sharon Stone also reprises her role as Jesse Huston , who is now Quartermain 's fianc&eacute; . The couple put their wedding plans on hold , to set off on a mission to locate Quartermain 's brother Robeson , who has been lost while bound for the mysterious Lost City of Gold . Putting together an expedition party that includes Swarma -LRB- Robert Donner -RRB- a sniveling coward of a guide , and Umslopogaas -LRB- James Earl Jones -RRB- an axe wielding warrior , and his four followers , Quartermain heads off on his quest , taking with him what will prove to be a most valuable tool , a kind of body armor that provides protection against knives and spears.After surviving the perils of the Walls of Jalpora , the party sets off down river , only to encounter some very unfriendly natives . They should be wiped out , but somehow get past them , only to be sucked down into an underground cavern . After facing some more B-movie hazards , the group emerges and arrives at a walled city , where Robeson Quartermain -LRB- Martin Rabbett -RRB- is living . The city is ruled jointly by Queen Nylephta -LRB- Aileen Marson -RRB- who is fair and kind , and her sister Queen Sorais -LRB- Cassandra Peterson , Elvira Mistress of the Dark -RRB- , who sides with Agon -LRB- Henry Silva , with an 80 's metal band hairdo -RRB- , an oppressive high priest , who has taken control of the city 's production of gold . Agon seeks to punish Quartermain , but is temporarily rebuked when Quartermain 's body armor protects him from his spear.The greedy Swarma . accepts Agon 's offer of gold in return for betraying Quartermain . Things deteriorate quickly after Quartermain destroys the altar of sacrifice , a symbol of Agon 's oppression . Agon leaves the city to gather an army , and mounts an attack on the city . The battle scenes are n't very convincing , or well done . Matters go over the top , when Quartermain strikes a huge golden lion that stands at the top of the temple , unleashing some kind of force , that causes the gold to melt , and soak the enemy forces . It is just complete and awful drivel.Produced by the Cannon Group , Lost City of Gold , features some exotic locations , large sets , and tons of extras , but still has a B-movie look , with some pretty cheesy special effects , bad acting and terrible dialog . The spirit of fun and adventure that was present in King Solomon 's Mines , is missing , and the script does not provide the opportunity for much chemistry to develop between stars Stone and Chamberlain . Quartermain 's theme music , which pops ups anytime anything even semi exciting happens , gets to be a joke . Things go into the crapper fast , once the party reaches the Lost City , and the action sequences , and fight scenes are not well done at all . Unless you really liked the first movie , or are a big fan of the principal stars , you may want to pass on this one .
 `` Half of Africa 's been explored on rumor , hope , legend ... '' `` And blood '' The same could be said of the film industry . The ` recupero , ' as the Italian film industry dubbed it , was one of the most forlornly hopeful forms of film-making
 Considering the many great films that have not made it on to DVD yet , that this boring and mind melting nonsense has made it is beyond belief.Winner of the most boring historical `` action-adventure '' film set in Africa award , with Sharon Stone taking the honors for worst actress is said category.The Kings Solomons Mines film is actually pretty good , the equal to the Indiana Jones films.Since I love the genre , and since I liked the first film , this may be most horrific sequel I have ever had the painful displeasure to witness .
 This movie was absolutley hilarious in its attempts at an Idiana Jones rip off . Needless to say it was not even close . Granted I did n't see the prequel or the beginning but I saw enough to see how silly it was . In one cave scene they are walking and are randomly attacked by a lion , the lion had no significance to the `` so-called '' plot and it the attack was never mentioned again . The ending is weak and confusing . Why was the lightining striking the axe ? Also , why did Sharon Stone 's character have a `` bone to pick '' with that priestess woman ? Nowhere in the movie was she ever disrespected by the woman . And also the priestess woman wore a vest with chains that looked like her ribs . I recommend seeing this movie at three in the morning because everything is quite hilarious .
 despite what a lot of people may think about the 1985 version of `` king solomon 's mines '' starring richard chamberlain and sharon stone , i thought it was a very good , and entertaining movie . definitely one deserving of a sequel.but folks , let 's face it , this is certainly no `` indiana jones and the temple of doom '' . `` Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold '' -LRB- and i apologize for listing it as `` allan QUARTERMAIN and the lost city of gold '' in my review of `` king solomon 's mines '' -RRB- is an almost pointless sequel that does not do justice to its predecessor . yes , it does have its good moments but they are few and far between . the musical score is once again incredible , but not enough to carry the weight of the entire film.if you are ever able to find a copy of this film , do not purchase it . i would n't even suggest renting it . you might sit through it once , though , if it comes on HBO , cinemax , or showtime , but those would be the only channels i would recommend watching it on . any other network would have to stretch the already ridiculous hour and forty minute film out to an absurd two and a half hours . certainly too much time to spend watching a piece of cinematic rubbish like this .
 Webster 's dictionary : Dreck
 The first movie being ofcourse ` King Solomon 's Mines ' -LRB- released two years before this one in 1985 - also starring Richard Chamberlain , Sharon Stone -RRB- . ` Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold ' is rather flat compared to the first one . the problem is that the ` Lost City of Gold ' is missing the all around sense of fun that was present before and is simply not as clever in its sense of humor -LRB- although in the first half it did have its moments -RRB- . The second half of this movie -LRB- when they actually get to the ` Lost City of Gold ' -RRB- is simply awful.And there is a completely cheesy and unnecessary scene in which Allan Quatermain shoots and kills a lion . In the first movie the ` lion scene ' is realistic but delightful.So , if you liked this one -LRB- hey , its possible -RRB- or if you did n't , try ` King Solomon 's Mines ' !! peace out-CrowTurtle
 I actually enjoyed King Solomon 's Mines . Sure it was bad , but the funny sense of humor was a treat and the action was non-stop . The sequel Allan Quartermain and the Lost City of Gold lacks all this . It tries to capture the same humor as the first film but fails . Also the action is rather dull and unspactacular . I believe part of the problem was the low budget . King Solomon 's Mines had a way bigger budget so they could afford the fun action scenes . Here there 's not much budget to go around so the action was cut short . Overall a dismal sequel that is totally pointless .
 Once upon a time somebody released a movie called Raiders of the Lost Ark , which did very well at the box office . There was a scramble to cash in on its success , and so , some Hollywood types decided to re-make Rider Haggard 's King Solomon 's Mines with Richard Chamberlain and the relatively unknow Sharon Stone . It was n't a bad movie , but it was no masterpiece either . As the making of the movie progressed , Miss Stone 's garments kept shrinking in the wash . The makers , realising that this might save the box office receipts decided to accelerate the trend , and , halfway through one scene her Bombay bloomers miraculously transformed themselves in to hot pants.Subseqently , Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom was released and was a hit , to they released a sequel to King Solomon 's Mines called Allan Quartermain and the Lost City of Gold , with the same cast as before , to cash in again.Now you know that any movie with Lost City of Gold in the title is going to be a stinker , but will be saved by the continuing shrinking of Miss Stone 's garments and the presence of bikini clad Amazons . Unfortunately , two things went wrong . One , Miss Stone 's contract had a fully clothed clause in it and she remains overclad . Two , they sent the bloke who does the flower arrangements out to hire the bikini clad Amazons and he returned with a lot of his similarly inclined male friends clad in white pajamas instead . Result
 The only reason to even give this film one star is because of its attractive leads . Set in a cabin , it feels stagey , like an adaptation of a play that never leaves its set , and therefore gives you -LRB- pun intended -RRB- cabin fever while watching it.Christopher Stapeleton is a competent actor and could probably give a great performance but he is n't directed all that well here . Missy Crider , famous for soft core films , is surprisingly better here than she is in other material . The two actors look great together and could actually produce some sparks in the right film together . `` Seclusion '' feels like a lost -LRB- and overlong -RRB- episode of `` Red Shoes Diaries , '' even up to a somewhat ironic ending . However , the actors and filmmakers have no nerve . We get nothing but coy , G-rated , network television-quality love scenes in a film that is ABOUT an elicit affair . Even in the morning after scene , Stapleton gets out of bed with the camera staying well above his waist , and then he wraps the obligatory sheet around himself although he is all alone . Afternoon soap opera actors show more nerve.Most annoying is that the DVD cover is they type that just shouts `` sexy , '' while the film could practically play on any local TV station without offending even the biggest prude.So , just what is the point of this movie , then ? If it uses sex to sell itself but is , in reality , so completely chaste , then why bother with making it ? That question is being asked too late . The real question is why would anyone -- knowing all of this -- want to buy it?I look forward to more from Stapleton and Crider , but hopefully next time they wo n't be so chaste and prim .
 lousy screenplay , bad casting resulted in bad acting , this movie not only cliched but will bore you to death . we were fooled by some moronic reviews and got this one . but , by george , after struggled 35 minutes , this stupid movie almost bored us to death . political thriller ? give me a break ! senator campaign rehearsal in the mountain retreat , then smoking joints , taking l.s.d. , obviously did n't die from drug overdose . how could it possible to have this kind of campaign woman on board ? then wife found out , then ... who cares ! one of the worst , bore-to-death movies . do n't waste your time , keep away from this movie , put yourself in hiding , in seclusion .
 I would have given it no stars if I had that option . The movie is an Asian language movie and I did not realize that when I purchased . Do n't know how to check the original ad to see if it was my mistake . I do n't speak the language , so spent the money for nothing .
 ok movie ... . but i know i bought the wrong DVD ... . it is ok ... old movie but ok movie
 My Husband wanted the movie on dvd but all I could find was vhs so I ordered it for him he loved it the first time he watched it but the second time he tried to watch it it would n't work . It would not trac .
 Matt Dillon stars in this Ben Bolt movie about a young gambler from the 50 ` s that goes to Chicago in order to improve his life . Diane Lane and Tommy Lee Jones also give standout performances here , and most of the cast is convincing enough . The problem seems to be Bolt ` s direction , entirely average and bland , which does n`t provide any particural memorable moment or scene . There are no impressive camera-angles here , so what counts is really the plot . The worse thing is that the plot is just adequate yet nothing special either , presenting a typical rags-to-riches storyline with cliched characters and unsurprising situations . The acting makes it work in a mildly interesting manner , though , so the movie still manages to be an entertaining pick for a rainy day . `` The Big Town '' is another average film worth watching once and be done with it.Not a keeper .
 Based on the novel The Big Arm by Clark Howard with a screenplay by Robert Roy Pool , this drama directed by Ben Bolt feels like an adaptation of a large canvas novel with all the detail left in , so that everything reads as subsidiary . Set in the Chicago of the 1950 's , Matt Dillon stars as a dice player from Indiana seeking the big time . However , when you 're juggling at least 4 plots it 's only natural that not all of them will come together for a satisfying conclusion . The most promising one concerns Dillon 's Hustler-like competition with Tommy Lee Jones as the owner of a strip club , with Jones having the same spot between the eyebrows as Dillon . The problem with filming dice is that the actual game is monotonous , so the best Bolt could do is create tension by delaying the next roll or the raising of financial stakes , though he does provide an early montage of Dillon with David Marshall Grant on a winning spree and falling dice and money to the sounds of Shake , Rattle and Roll on the soundtrack . The only other visual trick is the sparks of an overhead train on it 's tracks as Dillon and Diane Lane as Jones ' stripper wife kiss to Fever . The best of the screenplay is a laugh line of sarcasm and forboding given to Meg Hogarth as Dillon 's mother re his dice mentor 's funeral `` I nearly got crushed in the crowd '' , and Cherry Jones as a Patsy Cline-like singer who sneaks up behind Dillon , covering his eyes with a guess who ? Dillon says her perfume gives her away and she replies '' Aint nobody gon na give me away but my daddy '' . This use of eyes and the eyes of the dice are also parallel with Bruce Dern as the husband of Lee Grant , Dillon 's employer . Dern is a former dice champ who has been blinded , but unfortunately this plot point gets no payoff . Dillon is also given two romantic partners in Lane and Suzy Amis as a mother of a child out of wedlock . The madonna/whore dichotomy is rather obvious , and the symbolism worse , with Amis ' child scoring points for her and the way Lane is presented so unflatteringly scores points against her . Lane 's fan dance does n't help , since the focus on the scen is more Dillon 's twisted attraction/repulsion . The 1950 's period works for Dillon 's razor etched beauty , the perfect locale for his photographer Bruce Weber appeal , and he even gives a Method touch to the way he hits his own face with a restaurant menu . Watch for Lolita Davidovich as another of Jones ' strip club entertainers .
 I did not like this movie . I have sure seen a lot betterseen a lot better Swedish movies .
 Routine tread through familiar territory . The camera work is not a pastiche of 70 's photography , unless you seriously think every picture of that decade was directed by Micheal Winner . The photography is an entirely contemporary fad and an irritant.The ending . No , no , no .
 Loved what I saw on the televised version . I went through two discs , however , that would n't play on any of my DVD players , only got a refund on one . A Muslim in their copy department ? Order at your peril .
 Dead Lenny attempts to be a screwball caper film with zany characters . It fails at its every effort . I 'm willing to suspend disbelief in the name of a laugh , but there are way too many holes in the plot for even a comedy to overcome . I pity Joe Piscopo for being in this extremely cheap production . There is an unintentionally funny fx moment to hold onto . Watch for the bullet holes in the cars towards the end during the big shoot-out .
 This movie is awful . I wish I could give it less than one star . Perhaps 3/8 of a star , maybe even 5/16 of a star would be more appropriate . It is so bad that I felt it was my duty to warn the rest of mankind . It fails to be even one little bit interesting or entertaining . You have been warned .
 Of course , it is good for westerners -LRB- or any culture -RRB- to see history presented from the perspective of another culture . But this fantasy is not in any way an objective or representative depiction of either the history of Spain or even of Al-Andalus . It is about as balanced and accurate as , say , 19thc western fantasies about `` progress '' and colonialism -LRB- or a Cecil B. DeMille epic depicting Middle Eastern history -RRB- . Read a good book on the topic and skip this pretty but shallow , biased presentation .
 What can I say about ZOMBIE TOWN that probably has n't already been said?Normally I write well versed reviews with superfluous prose about the qualities , or even the few good things I could find in a film or piece of literature . But with this film , I could find nothing positive to say . And as lover of campy films and B Movies , that is indeed saying something!First off - this is n't even close to an original concept , as any child or teen of the 80s will recall , there was a much better version of this film ; it was called NIGHT of the CREEPS . It was better acted , better scripted , had better characters , and was quite enjoyable to watch.This film had almost no plot behind it , or at least that I could detect . The acting was wooden , the sound was sub par , and the monsters -LRB- zombies in this case -RRB- looked ridiculous.I think when faced with the prospect of watching this film again because a friend of mine told me he had never seen it before , I would rather go into the bathroom , scrape the back of my thighs with a cheese grater , and soak in a tub full of vinegar - it would have been less painful.IF you are thinking of purchasing this film - do n't . Big waste of time ... and brain cells .
 There you are , sitting on the couch , thinking you 've seen every Zombie movie there is that 's worth watching . You even tried sitting through the excruciatingElectric Zombies , and barely managed to stumble through Asylum 's 2012 Zombie Apocalypse . ` What 's next ? ' , you say . ` Have n't I already scraped the bottom of the barrel ? ` Not unless you 've seen Zombie Town , you have n't ! In this tongue-in-cheek twist on the redneck zombie genre -LRB- as if there should be any others ! -RRB- , some sturdy Green Mountain Staters defend themselves against a particularly nasty form of viral slugs which , when transmitted to humans , hitch themselves to the spine and begin reproducing . Mayhem ensues as the population of Otis -LRB- weighted heavily in favor of grandmothers -RRB- , tries to defend itself against the sticky , slimy gastropods and their ` zombified ' human hosts.I admire Zombie Town for what it was trying to go for here , but no matter their good intentions , the filmmakers just could n't pull off a very good flick . The Zomedy , inspired by Shaun of the Dead , may have reached its apex with that film - although several have tried , I still have yet to see any other flick succeed as well as Pegg 's . I did get several chuckles out ofZombies Of Mass Destruction , and if you 've been fortunate enough to see that , then I can tell you that Zombie Town rates just below that effort.Not good , but ok -LRB- and maybe a little fun -RRB- for zombie junkies.Trust the Chief
 Hicks , White Trash , Hunters , Good Ol Southern Boys , A Girl , And Zombies!With a formula like that you just ca n't go wrong right ? Wrong . First time writer and director Damon Lemay has brought forth a very easy combination that can lead to a fun filled late night flick but instead put together a mash up that , while resembling the look of a late 70 's or early 80 's horror film was not able to capture the feel of it . Now I 'm not saying it was a horrible movie . I actually wish it was fully able to capture the feel of a 70 's or 80 's film more so then it did as once it got going you really did have a hard time looking away from the screen . For a clearly low budget it was able to provide a lot of laughs with how campy it was.The film starts with a group of ` hunters ' who are clearly just out at their cabin for a weekend of drinking and have plan to actually use the gun they have there but instead just booze it up . While on the whole this is a clearly solid plan through the door stumbles a man completely torn up . While everyone 's first impulse is to attempt to help him he quickly digs in on the feast of drunken hunters . Yes , the first zombie has stumbled into the film in an opening scene . The hunters are quickly torn to pieces or turned into the undead and after a ridiculously long opening credit sequence we meet two friends Jake -LRB- Adam Hose -RRB- and Denton -LRB- Phil Burke -RRB- who run a towing service . We quickly learn that they are pretty much running the business into the ground and are n't the most motivated of people . They are called to move a broken down truck and when they stop to explore the hunting cabin that we see in the introduction Denton is attacked AND bitten by one of the undead and as Jake is gone getting help turns.Denton returns shortly after as the town sheriff is looking into the attack to be arrested and while in jail we find out that there is a cause for the undead . Yes a zombie movie that does not use a standard reason on why we have zombies and is much closer to the film Slither in that the zombies are being controlled by alien slug looking parasites . The fun part is that the parasites can multiply inside of the body and leave at will to infect others and are n't only infecting others through bites . Clearly the ` zombies ' are flesheaters but they definitely are a bit on the unique side.After Denton fully dies the parasites leave him to try and infect others including the sheriff . Right around this time we are introduced to Randy who joins up with Jake to try to stop this infection . Without Randy 's character it may have gotten too stagnant but he brings just enough both annoyance and sarcasm to play off of the rest of the characters to be perfect in the film.The town folk are quickly turned and a group of college aged students led by Jake -LRB- and Randy -RRB- are left to attempt to defend both the survivors and themselves . I do have to give the movie credit for probably having the highest count of elderly zombies in a movie that I have ever seen . Seriously there are more `` old '' zombies in this film then in anything I 've seen before . They infect a nursing home and you actually feel as if that happens with how many on screen zombies we get that are n't falling apart from being eaten . If you are looking for something that has the look and ALMOST the feel of an older horror film that was made recently I suggest checking it out . It wo n't be the best zombie movie you 've ever seen . Not the goriest , not the best plot , not the funniest - it is a great mix though of all three of these for just an overall good time .
 This movie is like what happens if you mix that 70 's show and zombies . It is sort of a zombie comedy -LRB- the characters even like they are from That 70 's Show -RRB- I swear there is Steven and Donna in the movie . All you would need to do is add a laugh track , label it That 70 's show and Im convinced.On to the movie itselfIt is a predictable movie , the things they say and do are very predictable . Even they way people are zomibefied has been done a million times before , in this movie you become a zombie by being bitten by a leech -LRB- already done in Night of the Creeps , and Slither -RRB- . What is different about this movie is that salt kills the zombies because it kills the leeches controlling them . People go throughout town seeking help , driving around , killing zombies , ect . But I must say there are a few funny scenes.Now onto the DVDThe DVD contains a fair amount of extras -LRB- nothing amazing -RRB- but the movie itself is just okay . In fact even if you are a zombie fan you do n't need to ever see this movie , but if you are an extreme zombie fan and a That 70 's Show fan , I recommend you watch it at least once.ExtrasThe Extras are film maker 's commentary , Getting Infected
 What can I say about this video ? A bunch of guys got together , wrote a zombie script where some slugs -LRB- very unoriginal -RRB- turn people into zombies -LRB- even more unoriginal ! -RRB- . Then the town is turned into zombies . Then Boy , Girl and their Friend have to escape and find a way to kill all the zombies.That is all.The script exactly what you have already seen in 100 others direct to video zombie films . They throw some jokes in it , but that 's not enough . The makeup is pedestrian . The acting is nonexistent and the directing is unimaginative . Soundtrack is annoying . Nothing new whatsoever.The only thing that saves this video is the unpretentiousness of it all . I mean ... they are doing their best and they know they are not pros . So they are just having great fun doing a zombie flick.Well done , boys , but write something truly inventive and surprising ... and THEN do it with the same great attitude . Then you might strike gold . It 's ok NOT to have money . BUT have something new to offer . This one is just like all others .
 As with any Zombie film the possibility 's are endless . This seems to be just a cash in on the Zombie mania of today . For low budget horror films visit/re-visit the originals . You 'll feel better . If i had to choose from low budget zombie films that were original i 'd say ` The Veil ' is up there for horror , followed by ` Shaun of the Dead ' for laughs . I feel with a better cast ` Zombie Town 's next film might be better .
 Zombie Town -LRB- Damon Lemay , 2007 -RRB- Imagine combining Night of the Creeps , Squirm , and Trucks -LRB- the 1997 TV-movie adaptation of the Stephen King story -RRB- and overcooking the resulting mess so long that you end up with nothing but a pot of brown , unrecognizable mush . The end result would be the spitting image of Zombie Town , a direct-to-DVD movie that 's far scarier for the fact that anyone would release it than for anything actually contained in the footage.Plot -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB-
 I 'm a big fan of zombie movies , but I thought that this movie is not that good . I did n't care at all for the idea of slug parasites causing a zombie outbreak .
 A Russian mix of EL TOPO , A BOY AND HIS DOG , HITCHHIKER 'S GUIDE TO THE UNIVERSE , and monty python.The first half of the movie takes place in the desert of a faraway planet , a desert where nobody seems too bothered by the heat . The second half has some scenes below the planet , though it 's all rusty old buildings.There 's some funny stuff , and it is offbeat , though no great shakes , if you 've seen a few sci-fi movies.Mostly interesting because it 's a Russian sci-fi comedy .
 I have quite a library of Criterion DVDs and have come to expect quality transfers from this company . There have been a couple of duds , including the very bad transfer of The Scarlet Empress . But The Drum , one of the films in this set , is incredibly bad . It has terrible definition and colors that look like that have gone through a washing machine . Film is almost unwatchable . It looks like a third rate , public domain DVD that you can find at bargain basement prices .
 I have always been a fan of Sabu . I eagerly anticipated this nicely packaged collection of DVDs representing three films in which he appeared . Unfortunately , the transfers on `` Elephant Boy '' and , in particular , `` The Drum '' are sub-standard . No effort on the part of Criterion has been made to repair film tears , scratches , digital noise and improve sound on `` Elephant Boy . '' `` The Drum '' is the worst of the three DVDs . No colour correction whatsoever , no framing of the 1.33:1 frame . For example , the credits in the titles are severely cropped , so that the names are incomplete.The only saving grace in the collection is `` The Jungle Book . '' But , even then , there is digital noise , colour imbalance and a noisy soundtrack , which should have been attended to , if only to improve the sound reproduction of Dr Miklos Rozsa 's wonderful score.I complained about this to Criterion 's management . Given that I am a professional film maker one would have expected the courtesy of a reply . No so . Shame on you Criterion for ` flogging ' sub-standard transfers on your dedicated subscribers .
 I ordered this bluray and the BBC Yellowstone together and was greatly disappointed with the Yosemite production . Yosemite is visually stunning but lacks any substantive information about the park and lacks any progression - it 's a random collection of shots from the park at different times of the year often showing just an animal , flower , running water , etc. without context to Yosemite . It reminds me of my own vacation videos -LRB- except they have very , very good cameras -RRB- with some orchestral music and poetic type narrative added . It rarely , if ever , describes the location in the park or the particular feature that it 's showing . I 've watched the BBC Yellowstone video several times but had trouble getting through this one the first time .
 I was greatly surprised to see how many stars this film recieved by viewers , it certainly does not deserve such applause . `` A bronx tale '' is basically a tale about a typical Italian american boy growing up in the 60 's , who is mentored by a mobster . This underworld figure demonstrates a set of morals and he cares deeply for `` calogero '' , who later in his teenage years falls in love with a black girl . His mentor , played by Palimentieri , teaches him that true love is all that counts . The plot means well , but the acting is awful and the message is not believeable.Never , ever , in the 1960 's would a large number of whites , regardless of how they earned a living , demonstrate such understanding . The film has an agenda and the role of the mobsters are incidental to the central point , which is calogeros ' eventual love for the girl . Lilo Brancato and the characters of his friends display an incredible lack for acting . The writing is bad and the characters stiff . It is known that Robert deniro only dates women of color , and although there is certainly nothing wrong with that , his desire and predilection seem to dictate the direction of this movie . It is not moving , but rather offensive . Italian americans are overwhelmingly portrayed as dopey , all of them having a cross dangling from their necks . No , I did not like this movie . I grew up in Queens during the 70 's . I am an Italian american who grew up in an Italian neighborhood.I found this film reeking from steriotypical ideas of what New Yorkers were like . The writing was awful and I cant stress how bad the acting is . I also do not believe the movie was completely based on the play , it was rewritten to fit personal profiles . The movie was insulting and false . A figment of Deniros idea of entertainment . He should have stuck to playing roles where he does what he does best , curse and swear .
 The scenes where Calogero runs are just sad to me . The poor guy has obviously never been a normal kid . He looks ridiculous . This is why the Fonz never ran on `` Happy Days '' .
 This movie is way over-hyped and i have changed my mind about this movie ... this is a love story gone wrong ... this does not belong in a collection of mob movies ... i am a mob movie collector and this movie just does n't cut it ... this may please your girlfriend ... this is almost comparable to Chaz 's performance in Boss of Bosses , IT -LSB- WAS BAD -RSB- ... !!!
 This film is way too superficial and phony . It tries to `` moralize '' too much , and none of the characters comes across as believable . One of the worst movies of all time .
 This was not a great movie like everyone thinks it is . I really didnt get into it . I thought the actors portrait of `` the mob '' was not right at all . Very Very off .
 I purchased 2 movies A Bronx Tale . 1 was not connected to the DVD case , it was just flopping around . I bought the movies for an x-mas gift and was sad when I had to give one that was n't perfect . It was broken in the case . This made me sad and second guessing the purchase of anything else from the internet . I was not given instructions on how to return it so I 'm stuck with it.Sad but true . I gave it away so too late now .
 This Movie has been my Favorite Movie Forever . When I Found it Here on Amazon I was super excited . So I bought the Movie Brand New Supposley . When I opened the Movie It Turned out to be a knock off Movie you can record From Your Computer . I 'm Extreamly upset to have Paid 17.99 For a Boot Leg Movie . It was wraped like other movies you find when you open it You can tell it was made in a house . I want a Re-Fund . I do n't Believe in Stealing . The Humanity of people on a hustle !! Do not Buy Any Movies . I will Get word around .
 Thank you for allowing me to review my purchase . Because I viewed the movie before , I already know the movie is good . The one reason for purchasing it again . I had the DVD , it was stolen during a break in my home . At any rate , my opinion on the actual purchase process is very poor . I was not told this movie was a region 2 DVD and I would not be able to view the movie unless I owned a region free DVD player . Because I do not own a region free DVD player , I now have a $ 27.00 DVD I ca n't watch . I was fortunate to gain contact with the seller who advised that I should purchase a region free DVD player to view this movie . I had already paid more than the movie was worth and now his only solution was that I buy an extra DVD player to view this one movie . I do n't think so . I then asked if I could return the movie in exchange for another movie . His response was he can not accept a movie that was opened . Amazing !!!! I guess the lesson learned is to pay more attention to who and where you buy product , you may not be able to use it !!!!!! Thank youA VIEW BLOCKED BY REGION 2
 Do not buy from Amazon marketplace vendor MOVIESONSALE1 . They advertised Bronx Tale as wide screen but sent the movie in full screen version with misleading packaging . Now I know why their rating is only 89 % satisfaction . They collect money and deposit it and accrue interest and wait for the buyer to complain . I waited over a month to watch this movie and I went ballistic . After contacting the seller they claim they will send me a prepaid envelope and a full refund .
 My husband and I had seen this film several times on TV and enjoyed it thoroughly . I bought it for him last Christmas but when it arrived I learned what Region 2 meant - basically it was not viewable on my DVD player . The picture is small and the audio is terrible . I am very disappointed and feel as though I have no recourse . We are stuck with a DVD that is useless . I think there should be an explanation to the customer prior to purchasing an item that says `` Region 2 '' -LRB- which I am still not clear as to what that means specifically -RRB- . I wish I could return it and get a version that works !
 I thought the script and most of the acting was pretty good . But that teenager -LRB- `` C '' -RRB- can not act at all . Where did they get this guy?He ruined the whole movie for me . Worth watching though ...
 Despite what other reviewers have said , this film is average and very mediocre at best . It seems to be a film with a split personality. , unable to decide wether its a mob flick , a movie portraying teenage terrorism and thugery or a film based on racial prejudice . Rather than focus on one main story this film seems to lack any real plot and at no point during the film did I really think to myself , brilliant , directing , cinematography or story line . Some of the scenes are embarassing to say the least and acting is very weak . This fil also tried to be very Goodfellas like , however it failed because the music used was unable to compare with that used in Godfellas , the plot is far weaker , the voice over used , rather than enhance the film as it did in Goodfellas slowed it down and simply made the fil worse . Apart from DeNiro -LRB- who is brilliant as always -RRB- the acting is weak and average at the best and why they never used Pesci through out the film rather than the one small scene at the end is a mystery to me . This film is not anywhere as good as some people seem to believe . If you want a classy , old fashioned , traditional mob flick what the Godfather - its a classic . If you want fast , well done , well directed , gritty , more down to earth mob action with superb music watch Goodfellas and if you want something in the middle with a strong story line and superb acting - watch Donnie Brasco . All three films beat a Bronx Tale hands down and I would rather watch each of them twenty more times than sit down and watch a bronx tale for the second time .
 Overrated -LRB- judging from reviews here -RRB- directorial debut by Robert DeNiro . It disappoints pretty early when the period music -LRB- Sixties -RRB- starts cranking up -- an unfortunate imitation of DeNiro 's mentor , Martin Scorsese . -LRB- It 's wearisome enough when the `` mentor '' drowns his movies in Top 40 hits , as if that 's the only sure way to get across the period a movie 's set in . -RRB- Then comes the loquacious narration , much of it peripheral to what 's actually going on in the movie . Did I mention the slow-motion during the exciting or pivotal scenes ? Well , despite the general -LRB- and I guess forgivable -RRB- amateurishness , there 's a good story here
 I am a huge Robert De Niro fan . I love gangster genre movies . This film was really bad in my opinion . Extremely predictable to the point of nausea and the audience is force fed the rights and wrongs of life to the point where you want to throw this movie out the window . I also saw it when it first opened in theaters and I was really let down.There are a few good moments , all in all not the worst movie ever . There is no way this can be ranked with any of De Niro 's really great movies though . If he was trying to use everything he learned from Scorscese he must not have learned too much.Again , this is my humble opinion . What do I know ? But if you are thinking of buying this , make sure you rent it first . I would n't want this movie in my house .
 Do n't waste your time and money because these movies do n't even work . Had to wait over a month and on top of that the movie would n't even play at all . Very disappointed .
 It was horrible . Not a clear picture it was dark . The movie seemed very bootleg . I would not recommend purchasing anything from this dealer . It am not happy and it was for a christmas gift .
 This is just a copy of the movie . It is not an original . The DVD was burned on a DVD-R . The labels are nice but the DVD does not contain any menu features at all .
 This movie is great , one of my favorites , the DVD on the other hand was horrible , the quality was even worse , when I inserted the DVD it started the movie right away -LRB- no menu options -RRB- ... . the ad said `` NEW '' but when I received it , it was a copy , the image on the DVD was n't even centered right , the cover was off color , I returned it for a refund ... . VERY DISSAPOINTED ...
 I 'm not sure if this is a fair review , , , the seller did send it in a timely matter ... it was new like it said and it was fairly priced . I bought it for a friend who brought it back to me saying ... it wo n't play on our player , It has a code lock on it . So I do n't know what I can do .
 Well , I love independent film and I love little guy directors but Me & Michael has to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . When contemplating the reason why it is so awful one can only conclude that this fellow has very , very little talent . This account of his career as a videographer in LA reeks of perpetual illegitimacy . A lot of what is supposed to be live footage is obviously staged and his impersonation of foreigners is totally cheesy . As a matter of fact , everything about the movie is totally cheesy . You almost feel sorry for the guy , but ca n't because the venture is so misguided that it 's hard not to wonder how he missed all the glaring indicators that he will never be a success in the glitterati business . Oh well , at least it is short . Yet this hour drags by painfully . I ca n't believe anyone , and I mean anyone , could give it a decent rating .
 This movie was made by a guy named Willard Morgan who thinks he is funny but is not . A lot of people will check it out because they are interested in Michael Moore . I strongly recommend that you do not do this . Morgan chooses Moore to be his `` mentor '' because Moore supposedly requested to see a short film that Morgan had made , but he really could have chosen anybody . Morgan has observed some of Moore 's techniques to get people who represent corporations and special interest groups to talk to him and tries to use these same techniques on Moore . Sounds kinda funny , right ? It 's not . Morgan just does n't have it.Morgan also shows snippets of his previous short films as well as random clips of himself as characters . A very tedious film . Morgan obviously like seeing himself on screen and got someone to fund this miserable piece of garbage so other people would have to suffer seeing him too .
 Folks , if you know what the crew are about , do n't bother . These are essentially uncensored versions of their crude videos that appeared on `` Yo MTV Raps '' in the late 80s-early 90s . Pulchritude and raw sexism with a beat . The Japan section of the video referrs to a clip of a pornographic act on stage during a concert in Japan . Need I say more ? There you have it .
 Choose follows the story of Fiona Wagner , a young woman who tracks down a serial killer that forces his victims to choose between one of two gruesome fates . With the help of her detective father and a mysterious therapist , Fiona tries to discover the identity of the killer as he drags her into a deadly game of cat and mouse.The good news about Choose is that it 's shot better than most horror flicks that go straight to video . The cinematography , color correction and cast make it a step above most Netflix fare . B-List movie veterans Kevin Pollak -LRB- The Usual Suspects -RRB- and Bruce Dern -LRB- The Burbs -RRB- bring a bit of film experience to the show.The bad news is that the concept behind the film is n't terribly original . Choose borrows elements from Saw , Untraceable , and Seven . The killer 's gimmick gets old fast , and is n't consistent throughout the film . The strongest part of the film is the intro , compared to the conclusion , and is n't saved by a final plot twist.Katheryn Winnick is ridiculously hot as Fiona . But tight undershirts aside , there 's no nudity in the film . There 's little gore , although there are at least two scenes in the movie that would cause audiences to jump.Choose is worth watching at least once if you 're a diehard fan of horror thrillers . But I definitely would n't recommend buying the DVD until after you 've given it a rental .
 Choose is an ambitious horror movie , featuring a psychopath who makes their victims choose their fates , stating that every choice has a consequence . The story is a seemingly good one and the key to finding this person is finding the pattern , a good old fashion detective story . It 's a very solid story too , in the beginning they actually pretend you have a brain , and let you try and figure some things out for yourself . Initially , I was fascinated with this film , but somewhere along the way they figured that we would n't get it and they started dumbing it down for us , leading to an ending that just destroys the film . I absolutely hate it , when I sit through and enjoy a movie , only to have it ruined at the end by some ridiculous , sensationalized , Hollywood ending that does n't make any sense ! The story was strong , the cast was great , and I was really into this thing , but like our economy , things just started getting worse and worse , leading up to an ending that was completely ridiculous . It 's not a bad movie , in fact it starts out as a great movie , but if you decide to give it a try , I 'm warning you ahead of time , you wo n't like how it ends !
 This is girlfriend \ wife horror . ` Choose ' plays nicely with limited blood and deprivation . So if you have to get it cause you want a horror you will do ok . It is really limited by its own boundries but overall not very good and you have probably seen it before -LRB- and better -RRB- .
 This movie has 8 episodes , and all of which are great classics that make this DVD worth purchasing . HOWEVER , there are many flaws with the DVD itself . The most irratating thing is that the introduction and ending to each episode has been cut . You wo n't get to see the part where it says `` The End '' and plays the music . It just is n't there . Also , it is rather inconvienient that the episodes are out of order on the DVD . The case lists them one way , and they are featured another . Do n't get me wrong , these episodes are great , but try to find them on another DVD .
 There are two versions of this play by Henrik Ibsen on film in English . One made in 1977 with Steve McQueen un the starring role of Dr. Stockman , and a 1990 made for TV version , produced for PBS on an adaptation by Arthur Miller and with John Glover in the role of Dr. Stockman . The 1977 version with Steve McQueen is far superior . In the 1990 version John Glover is much too hyper . He is often just plain silly -- or even stupid -- and he does not make standing up for truth appear very noble . Actually , this film nullifies the entire intent of the play as written by Ibsen in that it discredits the whole idea of standing up for truth and right.Steve McQueen 's performance is sensitive to Ibsen 's original intent , a very fine piece of work.I would strongly recommend that anyone considering purchase of this film insist on getting the 1997 Steve McQueen version.I would have to struggle to give the John Glover version two stars . For Steve McQueen I would happily assign five .
 After seeing this , it is criminal that the far superior Steve McQueen film version is not available on VHS of DVD .
 Kathy has been around a long time and is a very good instructor but , in this DVD much of Kathy 's form is incorrect . She needs to get a true Kettlebell training certification . Kettlebell form is extremely important . The weight is being thrown around using much momentum and core . This is a power workout not an aerobic class .
 This film started out interestingly enough . Kevin Spacey 's `` Prot '' presented himself as a likable and quite knowledgable visitor from another planet . Of course , Dr. Mark Powell , played by Jeff Bridges was the all too human psychiatrist , assigned to uncover the inner self of his `` delusional '' patient . But it was however , difficult to explain Prot 's rather unusual characteristics such as his capacity to see ultraviolet light , an arcane knowledge of the stars , and to seemingly disappear at will , among other things . These things were all used as beautiful set-up for a fresh approach to an interesting premise , but then the film suddenly bogged down as if the writers were at a loss and said to themselves `` okay , now what do we do ? '' The film , in my opinion slipped badly starting with the hypnotic trance scenes . So in the end , the viewer was free to fill in the blanks with a personal take on the question of the moment . Was he real or was he Memorex ?
 Prot -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- appears at a New York train station one afternoon , seemingly on a beam of light . The police quickly take him into custody and he is soon transferred to a mental hospital in Manhattan . Dr. Claudia Villers -LRB- Alfre Woodard -RRB- , the head of the institute , assigns Dr. Mark Powell -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- to help Prot . Powell is the type of psychiatrist who cares , really cares , about his patients , so much so that his family life is strained . Prot is the type of patient that instantly wins over all of the other patients and helps them makes changes in their lives . Powell realizes that there he has a limited amount of time to help Prot figure out who he really is , a mystery that will consume his every waking moment . '' `` K-PAX '' is a great movie , just what our country needs right now '' . No wait , that is `` Serendipity '' . '' `` K-PAX '' is a patriotic flag-waver , just what our country needs right now '' . No , wait , that is `` The Last Castle '' . As the current crop of movies get buried under excessive critic hyperbole relating their relative strengths or merits to the events of September 11 , 2001 , it is refreshing to see a film like `` K-PAX '' come along . `` K-PAX '' is a completely ordinary film . Directed by Iain Softley , the film is filled with so many psychiatrist-patient clich&eacute;s that it almost becomes good for that reason alone.Kevin Spacey , one of the more gifted actors working today , does a good job with the role . For the first two acts , Spacey is so into the character of Prot , that we begin to believe that he could possibly be an alien . He wears sunglasses throughout most of the film , because Prot is sensitive to the bright light on Earth . This allows Spacey to use his mouth and facial expressions to build subtleties into the character . It makes the character less showy and more believable . For this reason alone , the film earns a lot more respect from me . As the sessions with Powell continue and Powell decides to regress Prot , the Showier-This-Is-My-Shot-At-An-Oscar elements begin to shine through . First of all , I never once believed that Powell had actually hypnotized Prot . It seemed far too easy and far too quick and then when he does , Spacey has a difficult time making this believable . To the credit of Spacey and the filmmakers , they do n't take the easy road with this , providing some interest , but these sequences just stop the film dead and remove the viewer from the world it has spent so long trying to create.Bridges , as always , is good , but he really does n't have a lot to work with . His character is concerned . He wants to help Prot because he is concerned . He want to have Prot visit his home because he is concerned . He flies to ... . because he is concerned . It does n't allow a lot of growth for his character . Powell 's final moments , the hang-your-tears-out-to-dry moment , is also extremely predictable.Amazingly , the filmmakers have managed to populate the ward of the hospital with every single character actor who has ever appeared in a film set in a mental ward . Either as a patient or a doctor , they are here . It is a virtual encyclopedia of both actors and clich&eacute;s . Conchata Ferrell plays Betty McAllister , the big , gruff assistant in the ward . Alfre Woodard plays the head of the ward . Ajay Naidu plays an assistant in the ward . Peter Gerety -LRB- you may recognize him from the TV series `` Homicide '' -RRB- plays Sal , the former doorman who thinks everyone stinks , literally . Celia Weston -LRB- you may remember her as the actress who replaced Polly Holliday on the television series `` Alice '' -RRB- plays a patient who thinks she is a matriarch . I am just amazed at the originality on display in `` K-PAX '' . Despite all of my criticisms , I am still recommending `` K-PAX '' , barely . The first two thirds of Kevin Spacey 's performance earn the film enough points to help me disregard the rest of the thoroughly predictable film . After all , `` K-PAX '' IS just what America needs right now , a thoroughly benign peace of fluff .
 `` K-Pax '' is a stupid movie . I rented it cuz I was bored and thought I 'd seen everything else , and -LRB- I admit -RRB- I actually fell for the `` Two thumbs up ! '' pull-quote on the back of the box . As if that means anything . Of course , neither do my opinions , but I 'll tell you why I think it 's stupid and maybe that will be worth something.First of all , this is essentially a TV-movie that somehow acquired a budget . The dialogue is watered-down sitcom all the way - like at one point the shrink character 's wife can tell he 's not listening to her so she jokingly tells him her head fell off and she sewed it back on with dental floss , you know , to `` test '' him , and of course he 's like `` huh , what about dental floss , '' just to nail home the point that no , he 's really not listening . That is like the oldest , most tired , played-out joke you ever heard on `` Full House , '' and even at that point it had already been beaten to death a billion times . If you laughed at that joke , what can I say , you are too dull to talk to me . lol.And the WHOLE SCRIPT is like that . Dumbed-down , watered-down , played-out , cliched , contrived . Somebody else said it was an unconventional Hollywood movie that keeps you guessing , makes you use your brain , has a neat surprise open ending . I bet that person laughs at the jokes on `` Full House . '' No movie was ever more conventional in execution than `` K-Pax . '' I suppose the basic concept is marginally , possibly , potentially interesting , but all the interesting ideas it raises are toyed with in the most superficial and arbitrary way possible , then quickly obscured in jargon or idiotically-convenient twists or what-have-you . The plot paints itself into a corner , then simply leaves the room , over and over again . The `` open '' ending is just another example of this . It 's NOT `` let 's make you think , '' it 's `` we did n't feel like thinking , so here ya go , this seems mysterious enough . '' There is a difference , people.As for the acting , Kevin Spacey is good , of course , and can always make his performance interesting , especially if he 's playing some sort of freak , cuz he just has that `` quirky '' character-actor 's face that makes you think he probably IS on a different trip altogether . But so what . He 's made stupid movies before , and here 's another . The other guy , I forget his name , the shrink , is just generic middle-aged suburban white guy who thinks he knows everything , straight out of the box . So for all the characters.But a lot of people like this movie . Evidently . Well , no accounting for tastes .
 I defied the bad reviews and was convinced -LRB- mostly by the quirky , humorous trailer -RRB- that I 'd like this movie . And it does start off well , Kevin Spacey immediately using his odd , inimitable persona to good effect in the first 10 minutes of the film.But as the minutes ticked past , the movie began to slow down ... and down ... and then some more . The narrative simply lumbered to a near-somnambulic pace , and the central question of `` Who is this character ? '' loses its fascination . Somewhere around the 20-minute mark , the movie begins to manifest its schizophrenic lack of identity
 In `` K-PAX , '' Kevin Spacey plays a mystical figure who appears `` out of nowhere , '' as a homeless man points out , and makes his way into the life of a psychiatrist badly in need of some family counseling himself . Of course , the question brewing on everyone 's mind centers on whether or not Prot -LRB- Spacey -RRB- is really from a distant , unknown planet , or just a raging lunatic who happens to wear Ray Bans instead of drool on his face.At a running time of two hours , `` K-PAX '' gives us all the answers , but can not seem to make them appealing in any way , shape or form . We 're given subtle clues , those which point to one theory , and those that detract from it . Along the way , we 're subjected to various oddities , the most surprising of which turns out to be Spacey himself , who comes off as annoying rather than enigmatic.As Prot , Spacey puts on his usual snide demeanor , mostly reminiscent of his role in `` The Usual Suspects '' once things reversed themselves in the end . He makes nice with Manhattan psychiatrist Dr. Mark Powell -LRB- Jeff Bridges , who exudes a stern , crunched face for much of the film -RRB- , informing him that he has arrived from a far away planet . Powell begins questioning Prot about his planet , the people who live there , inquiring about things like family and government in hopes of catching his patient in the lie he believes him to be telling.But we , as an audience , know it is not a lie . The movie makes it so with every new development , each new angle , lessening the impact of scenes yet to come . In a meeting with Powell 's astronomer acquaintances , Prot reveals to them in not-so-simple terms the location of K-PAX . Powell is informed by a colleague that Prot is able to point out rays of ultraviolet light -LRB- but humans ca n't see UV rays -RRB- . During a July 4th celebration at Powell 's home , he converses with the family dog -LRB- to Powell 's children
 I really wanted to like this movie because the concept has such potential . But , it had so many -LSB- incorrect -RSB- scenes ! Arrested just for saying you 're from another planet , in NY ? The ... hypnosis scenes which take up most of the last half of the movie . The typical left-wing idea that the `` village '' can raise your children , parents are stupid human concepts and other socialist/utopian themes.Some movies are so bad , they 're funny . This one is n't even funny . Save your money .
 Film lovers know this movie is no more than the Hollywood version of the awarded Argentinan film `` Hombre mirando al sudeste '' -LRB- Man facing southeast -RRB- of 1986 . The difference however , is that the latter is way more profound and philosophic . For those interested , I highly recommend the Argentinan film , although it is very difficut to get outside Latin America , especially with english subtitles .
 Two-thirds of the way through K-PAX I decided that only a great ending was going to redeem this movie . Unfortunately , it ended with a skittering thud and had me muttering `` What the huh ? '' Kevin Spacey and Jeff Bridges are good enough to make their scenes together interesting , but the story is pretty confused . A rental at best .
 In the credits no reference is made to the remarquable 1986 Argentinean film `` Man Facing Southeast '' . Even if there is no admitted connection between the two , K-PAX could easily be mistaken for a remake of this movie , and not a very good remake at that . It lacks the deapt and refinement of the `` original '' . So why bother with K-PAX , if you can find `` Man Facing Southeast '' treat yourself to a real masterpiece , one of the best movies ever made .
 With movies like * American Beauty * , * Pay It Forward * , the recently released * The Shipping News * , and this turkey , * K-PAX * , the name of Kevin Spacey is becoming associated in my mind with mawkish , pretentious , and just downright bad films . In this one , he plays Prot , who is either a genuine spaceman or just a garden-variety madman . No matter which , really
 First of all I love these actors to bits and the story does sound good . Spacey could be a man from another planet , here visiting earth , who gets caught up in psychiatric evaluation program when he is admitted to hospital for talking strange to a cop . It has all the hallmarks of what could be a great film.Sadly it is very long and boring and the film never really does explain much . One of the main problems with this film is that we have seen it done before . . and better . The next problem is that Bridges character sometimes defies belief . One moment he has almost solid evidence that Spacey is an alien . Next he is treating him like a patient . This juxtaposition is incorrectly proportioned in the film and gives Bridge 's a lack of credibility . When we the audience have seen something that makes Spacey an alien , Bridges is treating him like a patient and when Spacey does something that makes us think he is mentally ill , Bridges is treating him like an alien . Then we have the whole problem of how this is never really resolved and the director just lashes on with heaps of sentimentality to help mask the films many flaws.To be honest I did not want to watch this film past the first 20 minutes and it was very hard to stay with it until the end . I have reserves about it and feel that although Bridges and Spacey do try to do wonders with their characters it simply does not gel . Go watch `` One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest '' instead .
 On the one hand , you 've got the nuthouse dramas where the mental patient provides deep truths to inmates and staff alike -LRB- Don Juan DeMarco ; Cuckoo 's Nest -RRB- . On the other hand , you 've got the Taoist alien dispensing generic new-age advice -LRB- Starman -RRB- . Trying to mix the two was a BIG mistake . This movie was way too long , way too slow , too self-involved and overall just dull . Kevin Spacey has done some fantastic work -LRB- Seven ; American Beauty ; Usual Suspects -RRB- but this is is n't it . Also , someone said the ending was ambiguous . Not true . Prot is Robert Porter .
 ... although I really like Kevin Spacey . He 's a great actor and he does a great job in here , but ` Man facing South-East ' the original Argentinean movie was way better than the american version.And I still ca n't believe that the director wo n't recognize that the movie was 101 % based on that south-american gem .
 When I first heard of this movie I thought it was a remake of the great Argentinian movie `` Man Facing Southeast '' . The plot is almost the same but that 's where the similarities end . `` Man Facing Southeast '' was an intelligent movie while this was a slow moving , dissapointing mess.From the first scene I knew it was not a very good script . Why was Kevin Spacey 's character arrested and taken to a mental hospital , just for saying he was from another planet ? Come on , this is Grand Central in New York . Do you think New York police arrest every nut on the street without any valid reason ? It just seemed that much of the action in this film was forced , just to move the plot along with no regard for some semblance of reality.Some great actors were totally wasted in this film . Better luck next time !
 This review is only about the `` delusions of fury '' part of the DVD , and not about the documentary.Since I already own the CD with the music for this DVD , The main reason for me buying this was the 5.1 surround option and the video.The video quality on `` delusions '' is pretty bad , and frankly , it is very boring , especially compared to the music.My second disapointment came from the soundtrack-I could not get the 5.1 option to work , no matter how hard I tried , I have the feeling that there is indeed no such option at all.If you do not know the music on this DVD , you should buy the excellent and mesmerising `` delusions of fury '' . If you do know the music on this DVD , dont bother buying it - there is no added value - the documentary is interesting , Partch is a genious with a capital G , but its not something I would sit and watch repeatedly .
 Pairing Elvis Presley with Nancy Sinatra may have sounded good on paper , but there is no chemistry on celluloid . In all fairness , not even Ann-Margret could have redeemed `` Speedway . '' There are a few good songs -LRB- especially Elvis ' classic `` Let Yourself Go '' -RRB- and the stock-car footage is fairly enjoyable . Otherwise , strictly Formula One . Released in June 1968 , `` Speedway '' gave little indication of the triumphant Presley comeback just around the corner .
 WANTED to watch the behind the scenes Jailhouse Rock clip but unfortunately Amazon feels the need to ruin it by peddling Elvis product with the damn pop ups thru the whole thing . Maybe if I could actually enjoy the clip I might buy the dvd . Just because of the annoyance factor I am not . You suck Amazon
 Ok , I wish Presley would have stopped acting earlier for the sake of movies . But since he did n't , and I have seen this lousy acted movie , I have to admit this flick shows him at his all time low . The usual singing , racing , and fighting goes on but did n't he just do that in about 30 other movies . I am a fan but lets do something different huh ? I could turn the volume down and tell you what was going to happen . Good for a nap but that about it .
 By 1968 , Elvis was wishing his film contact was over . None of his movies could really be said to have high artistic value , although his pre-army movies like Jail-House Rock had some artistic merit , and in them he showed that when he was interested in a project , he had some not bad acting ability.His post-army films -LRB- except King Creole -RRB- were more geared toward slick entertainment , exploiting his name and image , and they were very formulaic -- BUT , his early ' 60 's movies were also very entertaining . Viva Las Vegas , Blue Hawaii , Fun in Acapulco and GI Blues are always fun to watch , and pretty hip time capsules of pop culture in the early ' 60 's . Unfortunately , after about 1965 , the quality of his movies took a downturn , as even he himself would say , and he began to really look bored with the whole thing in the last 3 or 4 years of his Hollywood era . The films had always been easy-going fluff , but likable . His early 60 's movies had peppy songs , and were very much in touch with pop-culture of the time . By 1968 , however , when Speedway was made , his image was no longer up-to-date , about 4 or 5 years out of style , as if the rest of the world had moved on , but Elvis was still stuck in 1963 . But still , Speedway is probably the best movie from the last 3 years of his movie making career . It 's the third time he has played a race car driver , and this time they use actual footage of real NASCAR races . In fact , this film has some of the best existing footage of Charlotte Speedway and live NASCAR action from the mid-60 's , with Richard Petty and Cale Yarbrough ontrack and in their prime during the race scenes -LRB- too bad they did n't make any cameos in the body of the film -RRB- . So for NASCAR fans , this movie has historical value.Nancy Sinatra , of the Go-Go Boots fame , could have been the sexiest co-star ever in an Elvis movies -LRB- or at least she could have tied with Ann-Margret -RRB- , but the script does n't give her much on-screen time , and there is only one scene with her wearing those trademark boots - at the very end of the movie.One bit of irony is the theme of Elvis ' character being a celebrity whose manager is cheating himout of some of his earnings , which is sadly what happened to Elvis in real life for much of his career.Overall , though , mediocre Elvis is still more entertaining than alot of topnotch actors who specialize in long boring movies , and every Elvis fan should see this one at least once .
 By 1967 , enough was enough with the light fluff comedies starring Elvis Presley . Throughout the 60s , Elvis was being humiliated making bad movies like TICKLE ME and HARUM SCARUM while The Beatles and Bob Dylan were changing the music scene.In SPEEDWAY , Elvis plays a singing race car driver -LRB- for the third time ! -RRB- who gets into trouble with the IRS . He falls in love with Nancy Sinatra , and that 's about it for the plot.The only saving grace is that the cast is better than average . It 's quite interesting to see Elvis act alongside `` Lucy '' regular Gale Gordon . The songs are a little better than average , especially the quite good `` Let Yourself Go '' . Again , it 's not that bad . It 's a definite improvement over CLAMBAKE , but a far cry from JAILHOUSE ROCK or KING CREOLE .
 Okay here is my opinion . One of my favorite actors in the whole universe is Bill Bixby . If Bill had not been in this movie , I would 've gave it 1 star . I have respect for Elvis as a singer but he could not act worth a lick ! This is another typical Elvis movie , that you just sit through it and by the end of it you think to yourself that you have spent 50 years watching this movie . I think that what makes me like it a bit is because of Bill Bixby being in it.Jenny
 No , not Brad and Jen but Elvis and Nancy living it large . God almightly , this really is the pits . Elvis may look good , not too large , but it 's really awful . Nancy Sinatra would not get a sniff of a record or movie contract if she had not been the daughter of big Frank . She is truly awful . She ca n't sing worth a lick . Elvis just looks embarrassed by the whole mess.The songs are awful , some daft song about the IRS -LRB- ! -RRB- but the worst is Your Groovy Self by the aforementioned Nancy , out of tune , looking terrible and , well , just awful.This would have disappeared into oblivion if it had not been for big E who just sleepwalks through this mess.Truly awful .
 I teach this play in High School and was looking for an alternative to the Welles and Polanski versions to help my students understand the play . This is not it . This one is horrible . Badly acted and directed and very difficult to follow . If anyone is looking for a video version of this play that is easy to understand and useful for teachers , there is a pretty new version of the play on DVD available on this site directed by J. Bretton Truett and E.J. Kerwin -LRB- B0000639O1 -RRB- that is outstanding for educators . They perform most of the play and include a great deal of video analysis as well . The performances are very good and they use a modern setting which is very effective . There is also a wonderful feature that lets you get right to the text from the video and back again .
 Poor Jeremy Brett must be turning in his grave every time this film is run . This is an unintentionally hilarious version of the play that should scare the high schoolers for whom it was made ` off ' the Bard forever ... The problem is the director , the acting , and the costumes . The only good thing about this version of MACBETH is the script , which is still Shakespeare 's ... If you are fond of this actor , do yourself a favor and watch another SHERLOCK HOLMES episode , or MY FAIR LADY , instead .
 I love Jeremy Brett and Piper Laurie . Their combined talents offer what few enjoyable moments there are to be found in this Macbeth , but they unfortunately ca n't salvage this atrocious production . Seeing it is enough to turn someone off Shakespeare . -LRB- Should that happen , Al Pacino 's delightful LOOKING FOR RICHARD is the perfect antidote to restore passion for the Bard -RRB- . But I digress . I want to issue a warning to all who might assume the DVD version of this Macbeth would be superior to the VHS . In this instance , tape was simply transferred unto disk with no remastering or enhancements , and there are no extra features . The visual and audio quality is appalling . I regret buying this DVD when I already owned the VHS -LRB- . . like I said , I love Jeremy Brett ... -RRB- The only advantage is being able to skip the boring parts to get to the monologues . But that is n't saying much .
 Unfortunately , I have to agree with just about everyone else who has reviewed here this film production of `` Macbeth . '' I found the video in my local library and was eagerly anticipating another fine performance by two of my favorite actors
 With so many good versions of Macbeth out there with such great actors as Orson Welles and Judi Dench , why waste your time and ruin your mind by watching this . This film was but a waste of money . I would reccomend not watching it and instead watching one of the other , good , versions of Macbeth .
 I knew the quality -- or lack thereof -- of this video before I bought it . Though I was n't impressed with the acting or filmography , I have used it as a 12th grade English teacher because it follows Shakespeare 's play and wording so precisely . In that way , it serves its purpose . Unfortunately for me , when I switched schools , the video stayed behind at my old school , so I bought a replacement.While watching Act IV , I was shocked to find that over five minutes of a very crucial part is -- Missing ! The segment where Malcom tests MacDuff by claiming that he is vile , greedy , and licentious has been removed . We go directly from the end of Act III to the middle of MacDuff 's grief on hearing of the loss of his family.I know the rest of the play was there . I have watched it for six years . This obviously is a flaw in the transfer to DVD . I do n't know if it was just my copy , but I doubt it.All in all , my main complaint is the sloppy recording , the darkness of the picture -LRB- I know , MacBeth is a `` dark '' tragedy , but there was more light in my old copy -RRB- , and the absence of a crucial part of Act IV . I guess I will stop the DVD next year and tell my students what happened in the interim.Of course , I could borrow the old VHS from my old school and make my own DVD . I think I could make a better copy .
 Fans of the absolutely wonderful Sherlock Holmes series starring Jeremy Brett as Holmes , and David Burke and Edward Hardwicke as Watson undoubtably long for more examples of the deceased Brett 's distinct , eccentric intelligence.Brett has been gone for 13 years now , and there are very few filmed examples of his work . There are even less currently available on DVD or VHS in America.But one in-print choice we have foisted on us is a mysterious cheapo 1981 LA production of `` Macbeth '' - starring Jeremy Brett as the Big Guy ! Sounds promising - maybe unbeatable - but , alas.Piper Laurie , as Lady Macbeth , is desperately bad . I thought I recognized her as one of the stars of `` Designing Women '' or `` Golden Girls . '' I now believe myself wrong , but the fact that she PLAYS Lady Macbeth like a Golden Girl or a Designing Woman speaks for it 's campy ackward hysterical self.Jeremy Brett is effective at scenes and soliloquies involving self-doubt , self-hate and fear . I was transfixed at these brief moments . But he also had a nasty tick of licking his lips , glaring his teeth and losing me instantly.The other supporting actors are uniformly bad . Many peripheral characters -LRB- what we see in movie credits today listed as `` panicky intermediary # 3 '' -RRB- are LA bimbos that are waiting for That Phone Call . The three witches are -LRB- as another reviewer cleverly stated -RRB- rather `` funky '' , looking like stage-ins for a Banarama stage show . At least they looked like they were having fun , swaying back and forth as untalented witches do . When the witches prophesize that Macbeth will be the Thaine of Cordor , and that Banquo will be the father of kings though he will not be one - these prophecies are the crux/prediction/whole darn point of the entire play . I wish the director had thought to have the witches say these rather important lines on stage , instead of behind the stage in muffled echo . With the poor VHS to DVD transfer , and the poor original choreography , you ca n't hear the damn witches . But ! They dance . And can they dance ! Disco inferno-style ! Banquo is reasonably well-played , in that the actor seems to understand the rhyme of Shakespeare 's writing . He 's compelling - even if he looks like Che Guevara trying to settle down and start a family . Which points up another screw-up - the costume design is poor , unflattering to the body , and all-around crummy.I can not share impressions on the stage direction , as I am convinced there was none.So it 's insufferable campy failure . I 've watched it twice - never made it past Banquo 's ghost at the supper . If you should see this film , you may fight the urge to hate Shakespeare ever more , but if you watch - and better yet own - the brilliant Ian McKellan & Judy Dench production -LRB- filmed in England by people who know Shakespeare -RRB- , you will again see the true perfect bloody power of what I believe to be one of history 's greatest plays .
 First , you can watch this train wreck for free through Google video.Second , find it and watch the ending just so you see Brett 's ridiculous Macbeth costume . His tights look like cheap , ill-fitting long underwear with the crotch almost down to his knees . This is during the final scenes where he spits death in the eye , so it 's pretty hysterical . With the fakey swords being waved around it brings to mind children horsing around in the backyard .
 Method actress Piper Laurie made me laugh out loud when she began the `` Come you spirits '' speech as if she were trying to summon Blanche DuBois and Medea in one go . Ca n't imagine Mr. Brett 's excuse for as abysmally poor acting . For even worse Shakespearean acting -LRB- and yes , it 's not the same as playing any other texts -RRB- see two Star Trekkers -LRB- Ohura and the Russian guy -RRB- and a General Hospital star -LRB- Luke -RRB- in this series ' `` Antony and Cleopatra '' . Not a larfing matter in the end .
 My 2 year old grandson was n't interested . There is no dialogue , just noises used to communicate . Not worth the time .
 I think the funny part in the Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam cartoon '' Knighty Knight Bugs '' that Bugs Bunny hit Yosemite Sam with a hammer Then , he showed his polka-dot underwear !
 What a sad disappointment ! :-LRB- This movie is a choppy , poorly edited made-for-TV movie with a terrible video and audio transfer , and even more disturbing , it seemed to end abruptly with no resolution to any of the various storylines in the movie.I have not read the book that this movie is based one , but it just has to be better than this sorry adaption ! : -LRB- Despite the extremely low price of this DVD , it is still a complete waste of money , not to mention time ! :o{ Characters you never get to know with motives you never understand , storylines that are never resolved , and an amazingly anticlimatic ending all add up to a big `` 0 '' for this DVD ! : o -LRB- Oh , and just in case you 're a Harrison Ford fan , his part in this movie is so small that he is listed in the credits under `` supporting players . '' `` Dynasty '' is * not * a Harrison Ford movie !! James Michner 's Dynasty is the kind of made-for-TV movie that gives made-for-TV movies a bad name ! : oP
 I pretty much agree with the previous review . Typical of a mid to late 70 's era TV mini-series . The video and audio is of 70 's quality , the DVD is without subtitles or closed captioning.The direction is similar to Roots , or The Blue and the Gray type mini series , but Dynasty ends abruptly , without story resolution . Without sequels it makes no sense . This `` part 1 '' develops the characters well , and provides a good foundation for plots , but it leaves you hanging . Like WTF ??? Sarah Miles gives an outstanding performance and carries the story , which is why I give it two stars . The other performances are somewhat `` choppy '' as the other previewer noted.As is ... it is quite a mess .
 THE GOOD
 I purchased the pursuit pack from Amazon and although the first movie plays fine , the second and third pause , and freeze , on my DVD player ! Before you say that it 's my equipment , I 'm playing it on a top of the line $ 200.00 + , a year ago , Sony DVD player . I 've tried cleaning the disc , restarting it , etc. . Only thing left to do is return it .
 I ordered the 3 movie Pursuit Pack because it stated that all 3 movies were included . It was a birthday present , I paid additional fees to have it overnighted 2 days , it came in 5 . Amazon did fix this immediately and resent another DVD asking me to wait until I received it to send the original one back . The 2nd one came the very next day but ... it was just like the first . In it 's original packaging yet only included sequels 2 and 3 ... sending it back and reordering the original alone ...
 The box set consists of 3 dvd movies . The second dvd does not work ... how can I exchange the bad dvd for a good dvd ?
 The quality of this 3 movie DVD was terrible . The first movie froze up near the end even after I attempted to play it in a second player . The 2nd movie did n't play at all and the third one , which played perfectly , was a waste of time.The original Smokey and the Bandit was true comedy genius and Jackie Gleason 's portrayal of Sheriff Buford T. Justice was one of his very best . Burt Reynolds , Sally Field and Jerry Reed were dynamite together and Jerry Reed 's `` East Bound and Down '' song topped a great comedy . Its too bad the 2nd movie did n't play , because I thought this one was nearly as good as the first . The 3rd installment lacked good writing and seemed just plain empty without Burt Reynolds and Sally Field.Smokey and the Bandit
 Why Hollywood studios want to mess with movies by changing the packaging is beyond me , what exactly was wrong with `` Smokey & the Bandit I & Smokey & the Bandit II as single disc versions in individual packaging ??? , the first film is a classic , & the second is more character driven , a little crazy toward the end , but more to do with the character 's personal flaws , the 3rd one is just unwatchable , I saw it when I was 13 more than 20 years ago , & found it to be awful , it is easy to see why Burt Reynolds & Sally Field were not in this one , why Jerry Reed & Jackie Gleason agreed to it is still a mystery , watching the 3rd one again recently , I still found it to be unwatchable & utterly ridiculous at best , it is pretty clear Universal Pictures had little faith in releasing this one by itself , which brings me to my review of the `` Pursuit Pack '' this has got to be one of the worst packagings ever , to start with , the first two films are on one side , the main menu allows access to either I or II , but once you access one film , you CAN NOT access the other without ejecting the DVD , then reclosing it , talk about laziness on the part of Universal , secondly , the prodution notes on the single DVD versions of the first two films ARE GONE !! , I guess for the cheap price , Universal figured the consumer would overlook the technicality , not me , I would rather have the single versions , if I have to go to the trouble of opening & reclosing the player , if you like the 3rd one , & many I see here do n't , then stick with the single disc versions if you can find them .
 I love `` Smokey and the Bandit '' as much as anybody else , but the second and third sequels really sucked !! The last one was a total waste of thier time and our money !!!! I bought this ` Pursuit Pack ' because I was n't even aware that a 3rd sequel was made until I saw this ` Pack ' , and purchased it out of curiosity!Boy what a waste of money !! Do yourself a favor , just purchase the original ` Smokey and the Bandit ` movie , and leave the ` Pursuit Pack ' alone !!
 I purchased the DVD ` Smokey and the Bandit ' brand new , and it came already scratched !! The last 45 minutes are unviewable . I will never again use or recommend Amazon .
 not as good as the 1st three but you need it to go with the other 4 deathwish films
 ... for messing up such a great movie ! Movies like this one need special treatment . Putting this out in fullscreen is like giving it no attention at all . It 's a shame because today even ultra-low budget films are being properly remastered for DVD releases . It seems that MGM does not realise at all the cult status of this movie - I mean there are countless people out there who have been waiting for a decent release of this movie . I do n't consider this an upgrade to my old , fullscreen VHS so I wo n't be buying it.As for the movie itself ... no words could possibly describe it . It just reaches perfection .
 Poor old Bronson does n't have much luck . His friends and family keep getting murdered by low lifes . By this entry though he has no family left because his wife and daughter were killed in the first two movies . In this entry Bronson is visting an old army buddy , but when he arrives at his house he finds his friend 's battered corpse . Immediately the cops burst in and arrest him , he is allowed to go free only if he wipes out the evil Straker and his fascistic gang . This is a pretty bad movie , though it has a welcome lacing of humor in it -LRB- well , I thought the guy getting a nail through his head was pretty funny -RRB- and some ludicrous dialogue , as well as an absurdly high body count . Unlike the disgusting DW2 -LRB- which I think is marginally better -RRB- it does n't rely so much on sexual violence to repulse the viewer . Keep your eyes peeled for Alex Winter of the BILL & TED movies as a bad guy , and ST : TNG 's Marina Sirtis as a rape victim.The music is once again by Jimmy Page .
 By this time anyone familiar with the first couple of Deathwish flicks knows the rape and murder storyline by heart but despite being a Bronson fan I had a tough time making it through DW3 . This is an extraordinarily dumb movie ! Once again Hollywood plays the stereotype to the hilt as evil bikers on Superglides and Yamaha 2strokes team up with maniacal painted street punks in what might be the most laughable vigilante movie ever written . Other than Charles Bronson 's usual semi-deadpan but charming performance the acting from every angle in the third Deathwish is easily as a bad as the Marvell comics style writing.The music is awful too and I say that despite being a Jimmy Page fan . In a way the score suits though as it 's consistently hammed up and over the top just like everything else in this third rerun of the same old same old . Maybe the director -LRB- whoever he is -RRB- decided overacting by the entire cast and over amping the soundtrack would make up for Bronson 's underacting and somehow balance things out . It does n't ! I 'm giving DW3 two stars for the comic relief even if it is unintentional .
 I loved Charles Bronson in most of his 70 's films . `` The Mechanic '' , `` Mr.Majestyk '' and the original `` Death Wish '' are all fine films that mix good shoot-em-up with scripts that are dramatically well written . `` Death Wish 3 '' is a dud . It features so much of the same worn ground travelled in the original `` Death Wish '' and it 's sequel . Either Charles Bronson/Paul Kersey is the most unfortunate man on Earth or the writers just ca n't write . After suffering again another attack by out of control street thugs , Bronson is forced on the offensive to save a besieged neighborhood.The wave after wave of weapon wielding thugs that comes after Bronson would not be out of place in a video game , but here it 's fantastic and hard to believe.There is no motivation for the meaningless attack after attack , and like lemmings marching to their deaths , Bronsons adversaries are as quickly replaced by similarly motivated look alikes soon after each one is uncerimoniously shot dead.DW3 is worth a look for late night laughs , but if you are searching a continuation of the first 2 installments , stay far away . Soundtrack by Jimmy Page also disappoints .
 I ca n't believe people rave about this piece of utter trash . Paycheque-acting , no story at all , completely unbelievable . This one makes `` Death Wish 5 '' look like `` Citizen Kane '' . No wonder old Charlie looks so embarrassed in this turkey . They have n't even bothered to write a new score . Comes to town , bang-bang , leaves . I love Bronson-movies , but this one 's the pits .
 the way I feel after watching any Death Wish , but the ridiculous Death Wish 3 is beyond comprehension how miserable a film can seemingly be . Ohhhhhh yeah lets have all these nice Jewish people living in and around total squalor , um , where was that supposed to be , I am assuming the Bronx , with skin head type neanderthals , and of course the cocaine for good measure , yet ridiculous Ghetto McGyver type contraptions with nails under windows and catapults near another window , and whats with Paul Kersey , he looses his wife , he looses his daughter , then a new girlfriend , was it this round ? , when she gets fried in a car crash ... I mean honestly its as bad as Jason or Mike Myers coming back again and again and again . Charles Bronson 's teddy bear type smile and mentality is endearing , then he blows people away like its a daily routine like brushing teeth , its all very silly , stupid and I am surprised John Carpenter did n't direct and or write this swill , because that is what is # ! T!@# is , total and absolute toilet water.I 'm a dumb , apparently I 've spent too much time in Price Shoppers today , I feel like I 'm on state aid , oh my , where oh my , where my baby momma at , wait she out renting Barbershop 3 and the horrible , apparently Classic , Death Wish 3 . Ridiculous .
 I have the last 2 of the series , but not this one or the 2nd one . I hope this gets resolved soon .
 `` It 's like roaches , unless you get them all , then what 's the point ? '' That is not only a line from this film , but also a fine encapsualation of its bizarre right wing politics . Director Michael Winner , who made the original `` Death Wish , '' unleashes upon the audience an even baser , more manipulative film than the original . This movie is defined by one of the most facile understandings of the criminal justice system ever depicted on film . When the police are clumsy and ineffectual , and the courts can not provide solace against murderers , rapists and muggers , and even defense attorneys question their vocation , what is the answer ? According to this film and others in the series
 Let me first say that I enjoyed the original `` Death Wish '' a great deal . While some would castigate its supposed political bent , I think its association with a `` right-wing '' mentality is inaccurate . While we conservatives do have varying levels of dissatifaction with our criminal justice system , I never met one who TRULY wanted to go out and just start shooting people . To suggest that a Paul Kersey resides in every conservative is utter nonsense . And these social liberals made similar comments about Michael Douglas ' character in the movie `` Falling Down . '' Of course , they have no qualms when liberalism is displayed prominently in a film or television show.The fact that these movies -LRB- at least the sequels -RRB- are a parody of supposed conservative values tells you that the makers are liberal . No one could possibly take this movie seriously . It would be like claiming the WWF is a sport and , as such , it is in dire need of `` instant replay '' cameras to ensure the ` integrity ' of the wrestling matches . Some ideas are just non-starters . Okay , enough political commentary from me and on to the review of the actual movie.Folks , the Golan-Globus stench reaches far and wide with yet another cheesy-looking , cheap-looking , terribly acted movie put forth by them for public consumption . It is actually depressing to think that there is a city somewhere in America that actually has a section that looks that bad . But there must be . G&G ; are notoriously tight-fisted with the greenbacks during production -- and there is absolutely no way they could have afforded to build such a wasteland.The storyline is the same ... more death and destruction , with Kersey taking on the role of savior of the oppressed neighborhood in this version . If Bronson keeps making these , we 'll end up seeing something like `` Death Wish 27
 having just watched this movie on TV the other night , and its upcoming release on DVD , prompted me to review this movie . And believe me it was not easy . On one hand , it 's just a terrible movie.Terrible plot , worse performances , characters that have no depth whatsoever , bad dialog , over the top violence ... the list goes on and on . But if you can go into it without remotely taking it seriously , it 's not too bad.Bronson plays vigilante Paul Kersey , this time back in New York to take care of a friends affairs who was killed . The local police Captain knows full well who Kersey is , but rather than lock him up for his past crimes , he encourages him to go back to his vigilante ways , working for the police.Kersey stays at his friends apartment building which is in a New York neighborhood that looks like something out of the post-apocyliptic future . Buidling are bombed out , trash is all around , and a ruthless street gang , painted it up with different color crayons , rules the streets.Not much to guess here , Bronson is out to protect the neighborhoods residents and get the bad guys at all costs.The movie is mind-numbingly stupid . The last 20 minutes or so is an all out battle with Kersey leading the residents against hundreds of gang members . One resident is armed with only a homemade zip gun . At one point he proclaims he has to go back and get more ammo . Evidently he does n't notice the dozens of bodies of gang members lying around still clutching assault rifles.Earlier on , Kersey not only mails away for a HUGE handgun , but also a rocket launcher !!! A freaking Rocket launcher ... that Kersey picks up in a plain brown wrapper . Brilliant.The end has Bronson blowing away the gang leader with that very rocket launcher , right out of his apratment wall . The leaders girlfriend , down on the street screams !!! Evidently she knows that was HER boyfriend , even though theres not enough of him left to even sweep up.At that point , the gang just gives up . Ughhh.Hey , just think of this as a live action cartoon .
 I saw this fiasco on television recently . Having seen this movie when I was a young lad , seeing it again makes me realize that this is one of the funniest films ever made . I 'm not sure if it 's intentional or not , but it does n't matter . The cartoon violence and stupidity of the plot and the dialogue had me laughing out loud at every turn.What the hell are these old people doing living in this neighborhood ? `` I think I 'll walk home with my groceries through Beirut . oy vie ! '' How is Bronson getting RPG 's shipped to the UPS store ? Why do the thugs just run blindly at the guy holding a machine gun ? Why ca n't the thugs manage to hit the guy standing in the open with a machine gun with their own guns ? It 's just hilarious once the action picks up . This movie appears to really have been made for people with a gun fetish or something . Worth watching when it 's on TV for a laugh .
 Anyone attempting to post a serious review of this film is wasting their time . Death Wish 3 is ridiculous , period . Once you have accepted this very obvious assertion , you can go ahead and get a completely guilty pleasure.Bronson is back . And that 's really all you need to know . And while in the original film -LRB- which was actually good -RRB- he was inexperienced in the whole vigilante thing , he now seems to have become a professional through and through . He 's so good that he knows where you can simply mail order .457 `` Welby '' Magnums as well as military-issue rocket launchers . How does he start his little project ? By buying a brand new Cadillac , parking it in the street in a neighborhood that looks worse than Sarajevo circa 1993 , and baiting some punks . Bronson , disturbed during his dinner with some nice neighbors , calmly confronts the muggers and expresses his annoyance at their attempt theft by shooting them dead . He then returns to dinner , no doubt enjoying his meal more than ever.This film is so over-the-top that credit must be given to Michael Winner for completely obliterating any credibility and social concern , unlike the first film and making something akin to a child 's vision of `` real '' justice for street scum . Here , instead of being hesitant to arrest Bronson , the police flat out hire him to clean up an entire neighborhood . Just to make sure he is n't hindered from his job , some punks have crippled his old war buddy . Later , they blow up his latest love interest . Not like Bronson would n't have gone out and killed about 200 people anyway.A few years ago I took a Cinema Studies class at a major university and to my surprise , one of my classmates was Joseph Gonzalez , who plays Bronson 's neighbor Rodriguez -LRB- the zip gun guy -RRB- . For a whole semester I thought of approaching him and asking him about his work on the film , but I had the overwhelming feeling that he would simply glare at me and ask me not to mention this info to anyone else . I thought that having Death Wish III on one 's resume was bad , but when I did some digging on the Internet Movie Database I found that Gonzalez 's only other acting credit was the 1990 film Frankenhooker . I kept my mouth shut and decided to hold off on the Death Wish III trivia with my classmates.Nevertheless , I never fail to watch this film if it 's on cable or TV . It 's the guiltiest of pleasures . Bronson , guns , punks and muggers , death , insanity . And was Jimmy Page paying the rent or what with this score ? The only validation I can see for a DVD release of this film is if we can get some cool extras , such as commentary by Michael Winner or even by -LRB- gasp -RRB- Bronson himself -LRB- yeah , that 'll happen -RRB- .
 Let me start by saying that I 'd give this 0 stars , if I could . Hitler was indeed a tyrant , but his motivations are speculated upon here rather than rooted in fact.For example , it states the origins of the Final Solution are a result of Hitler 's psycholical inability to deal with his failed invasion of the Soviet Union , operation Barbarossa - when clearly the term Final Solution was used officially by Himmler that same summer of 1941 . And the Wannsee conference was held only six months later -LRB- Jan 20th , 1942 -RRB- , while the war in the Soviet Union had not yet reached its climax . Moreover , Hitler was already alluding to the fate of the Jews in January 1939 `` with us , the Jews will be destroyed '' -LRB- see the book `` The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich '' -RRB- . The Final Solution was not merely a manifestation of Hitler 's brutality because he was not accomplishing what he wanted in the battlefield , as the video claims.I came across this video while reviewing it with two high school teachers . One indicated that it had been shown to students by another teacher , which is a disturbing thought , as the three of us , who read extensively about this period , agreed that it is poor history . Choose one of the many other titles about this subject , which do n't stoop to poorly researched speculation ...
 This disc was a majoy letdown . Not only did it seem like I was being taken around the same house and neighborhood -LRB- just from different angles and distances -RRB- but there was NO snow anywhere ! No snow !!! Sorry ... I 'm from New England , and the light displays on grassy and leafy yards just do n't emit that warm , colorful , reflective glow as on snow . The Christmas spirit was definitely lacking on this disc . One reviewer hit it on the head by saying '' ... but if you play this DVD while decorating your tree or opening gifts , only a Grinch would dare to complain . '' EXACTLY !!! As long as you DO N'T watch it , it 's decent -LRB- except for the Willie Nelson song ... UGH !!! -RRB- . So , tell me ... why not just buy a MUSIC CD instead ??? I feel Sights and Sounds of Christmas FAR exceeds this DVD on every level .
 Maybe it 's because I 'm from New England , where we actually see snow during the Winter months , that I really hated this DVD . Sure , there were plenty of Christmas lights to see , and some fairly decent music to listen to -LRB- Willie Nelson should have been left off this disc -RRB- but there is NO snow !! No SNOW !!! I saw maybe 2 seconds of snow falling beside I street light , and that was it . No kidding ! All the yards and ocean scenes and everything had NO SNOW ... just grass and brown leaves ! It did NOT feel like Christmas at all!The only Christmas DVD I 've really enjoyed , that truly captures the feel of Christmas , is `` The Sights and Sounds of Christmas . ''
 When I started watching this I was impressed with the display of lights on the houses and then after a few minutes I noticed we were back at same houses again ! It was as if the person filming this was driving around and around the same block , never leaving his neighborhood ! This is a sham , it takes a lot of nerve to build a video around the same 4 houses !
 i have an ipad and a local wifi . i could n't see the movie as a cloud . i downloaded but each time i tried to see it i received the same message
 I 'm getting very angry at some of these companies that are releasing very poor Quality DVDs . `` I 'd Give My Life '' could have been very enjoyable if they spent a little time fixing it up . In some areas the movie goes dark and light and dark and light . It gets very annoying . There 's crackle and popping sounds through out the movie .
 $ 530 dollars , are you on pot . This looks like a great film but wow son . Who ever buys this is going to feel like an idiot when code red or blue underground picks up the rights and releases a special edition for 12 bucks . Thats when ill be there to buy , 12 dollars brand new and mabye even with a little poster . $ 530 , holy @ # & $
 I was thrilled to buy this DVD especially based on the reviews I read so I was SHOCKED when I played the concert for myself & some friends . All 4 of us , female fans in our 30s to 40s were very disappointed with Mary 's performance . Basically , she sounded terrible . I never knew that Mary was a studio baby but her LIVE sound is awful . It was just over an hour of screaming . The band was n't that talented . And she did n't do a grand production with costume changes , fancy sets or dancers like other singers who basically do n't need all that artifice because they can sing ! Quite frankly , I needed to be distracted by something else because her sound was disturbing.I own concert dvds of Beyonce , Tina Turner , Janet Jackson , Madonna , Micheal Jackson , Prince , USHER , Cher , and others . I know a good concert when I hear it , even an okay concert . THIS concert was BAD.Buy Mary 's albums and stay happy .
 Viewed
 WHAT A SHAM ! Not only does Loyd Kaufman 's introduction on this DVD claim this to be a `` lovingly recreated '' remastered version of the `` Director 's Cut '' , but Kaufman also considers this movie to be the best in Troma 's 35 year history . HOW DARE HE MAKE THESE CLAIMS ONLY TO PRESENT THE TELEVISION EDIT OF THE MOVIE ! Unless the director , himself , steps forward and verifies this version to be his desired cut , I can not believe he would accept this version as his own . The cuts seem to have been made with a hacksaw . I had to scan backwards several times just to catch a significant shot that was cut to a mere few seconds - blink and you 'll miss it - as I did , over and over again!I could n't make it past the first attack scene with John Canada Terrell because , after seeing the butcher job on this scene alone , I had no desire to see how the rest of the movie had been sliced and diced - more so than the victims in the movie itself!If Kaufman treats his `` best '' films this way , I 'd hate to see how he treats his `` less than best '' films !
 You be very sorry that you did.This movie is the worst horror movie I ever saw in my life . The story plot is pure crap and this film dont work on any level.The writer who wrote this film should have never wrote this crap . The person who gave this film the go head to be be made should have been put in the funny farm , because I think he/she must have been out of his/her mind when he/she gave this film the go a head and if you people saw this crap and like it , you all should be in the funny farm with people just like you who are out of there fliping minds
 this terds only 17 for a reason its 2 crappy dvds terrible sound with no extras buy conan the barbarian seperate if u care about u know picture and sound that sorta thing it looks like a 1984 vcr the qualitys a disgrace conan would slice this version in half and go u piece of shi u ruined krom
 Pick up the individual Conan the Barbarian SE release , but do n't support this lame packaging of that disc with a non-anamorphic release of Conan the Destroyer . I was excited about picking this up , but declined once I realized that Destroyer was not enhanced for widescreen televisions . Would it have killed the studio ? What a disappointment .
 I have been a long time fan of these movies but this DVD release leaves much to be desired . The picture quality was OK , but the mono sound tracks come off as depressingly flat . The music in these movies originally was stirring and should have been again today.The scenes added to `` Barbarian '' are out of place and undercut a main theme of the movie . Those scenes were cut for good reason ; I liked it much better before it was `` improved '' . Stick with your old VHS if you have to .
 The DVD completely stops in the middle of the movie and runs slow and garbbled for 5 min . Then returns to normal .
 Warning ! Do not buy this product . The discs are DEFECTIVE . Towards the end of the first movie - Conan the Destroyer - there is serious digital artifacting that ruins both the video and the sound and sometimes even stops the disc entirely . This has been the case with all three copies that I have purchased .
 In response to the last reviewer , I did not get anything in the lefthand sleeve either . I bought this set and there was no booklet in the lefthand side , though there was a sleeve for it . I brought it back for another one , and the replacement had no booklet either . Did the company producing this DVD change their minds about putting something in the sleeve , or did I get two bum copies in a row ? The one star rating is because of the negligent packaging ... the movies were fine .
 Everyone hates it when the guy or gal who 's read the book , critiques . There 's good reason to cringe because we all know that the books ca n't be the movies , right?In this case , however , there was no attempt to incorporate the stories into film . Simply stated , this film comes nowhere near the writer 's character.Never was Conan a slave.He was not a pit fighter -LRB- what 's with this psuedo machismo attraction to dirty , bloody arenas anyway ? -RRB- . He did not learn to fight by way of Eastern sword arts or quote Eastern pilosophy.Never was he a lout . Conan had a clear , sharp mind even if he was known to drink to excess and womanize.He did not quote any philosophers but it 's easy to see that eventually they would quote him.The character that Robert Howard created was complex , he was an enigma.No offense to Arnold but as the muscled man in the film who grunted and waxed poetically of killing with his heavy accent he could not be the man Robert Howard wrote about . Not the way it was written , directed and performed.That 's not Arnold Schwarzeneggar 's fault . It 's not art directors and cinematographers , or the guy who did the great musical score 's fault.The fault lies with the writers who ignored Robert Howard other than to loot some of his lines . The rest falls squarely on the shoulders of an otherwise decent pair of directors who had no idea who the character was or what he did . And they made no attempt to remedy their ignorance . I was not looking for a strict adaptation of any of the stories because Hollywood is incapable of taking the simplest ideas on face vaue.This was a vanity project for John Millius and a paycheck for Richard Fleisher . They set out to make entertaining films and could not have cared less about the source material much less the epic they missed by ignoring that source.The story in CTB has no real plot besides a spaghetti western style revenge story . Arnold is miscast to the point of almost being ludicrous in scenes where he grunts and squeals like a piggy -LRB- the scene where he falls in the crypt to retrieve a sword , on the run from wolves -RRB- , or cries at the feet of his tormentors and Thulsa Doom because Doom killed his parents -LRB- most un-Conan-like -RRB- and all the endless posing with a sword was just terrible.Sandahl Bergman playing Valeria -LRB- horrible dialogue and all -RRB- is much closer to the actual Conan than Arnold 's character was allowed to be.Why does everyone in CTB speak in pronouncements?James Earl Jones is perhaps the most dissapointing . Why has no one mentioned his channelling of Darth Vader -LRB- he voiced Darth Vader in the Star Wars films -RRB- ? That actually was ludicrous . Mako was very entertaining as Conan 's wise man in his entourage.Conan the Barbarian might just as well have been a satire of the sword and sorcery genre . Very little would have to be changed to make that happen . . Conan the Destroyer is like a movie length version of something that could have been culled directly from the comic book series of the time -LRB- oddly enough the comic book adaptations are superior to the films -RRB- . In that it 's actually more entertaining because it takes itself so much less seriously than the first film . The rubber monster in the climactic scene is the clincher.Please do n't assume that because Conan 's not the CTB film that I 'm ignoring a great film . This is in no way great even if the lead was named `` Frank '' and he came from Chimeria.This film does n't hold up against better sword & sorcery type fantasy films like Dragonslayer and Excaliber . Both of which predated Conan the Barbarian by about a year.There were also worse films . Many of them.The expectation of this film is , honestly , part of it 's problem . Conan has survived in print for decades . There 's a reason Robert Howard 's work remains in print -LRB- even as marketing forces during this period kept most of his Conan work at bay or married to pastiche in order to see print -RRB- . I ca n't resent people for liking the first or both films . Everything is measured in personal taste.Besides , at the time Conan pastiche was easier to access than the original stories . For a lot of people -LRB- who read those inferior attempts at writing Conan 's tales -RRB- they see the film as superior to those weak efforts in prose . Unfortunately that 's not high praise . The fact is CTB was marketed as something unique and the marketing people were good because that 's become the truth in spite of the facts proving otherwise for anyone who really wants to look . There 's also no doubt that readers of Robert Howard 's stories were not exactly vast in number . It 's easy to quash a small opinion when there 's no outlet for that opinion to be expressed . That 's what marketing agencies are for - to keep other opinions from being heard . I remember at the time that not one reviewer even made reference to Conan other than the current comic books.I do resent the industry for wittling down what could have been a timeless epic into this drab but muscular effort.It 's too bad the art directors were not THE directors . Ron Cobb and Bill Stout had a much better grasp of the character.Finally , I want to address something that 's been mentioned about the lacking of sorcerous elements . Actually , this is one area where there was little room for improvement . Those elements of sorcery in Howard 's tales are just the spice of the story . The point is , there are no fairies , gnomes or dragons strolling through the market places of the Hyborian age .
 I do n't believe this is a good buy . Even the best of fans should never own Conan the destroyer . Destroyer is a really bad movie . Barbarian is one of my favorite Arnold movies . The extended edition of Barbarian includes deleted scenes , A digital remaster of the decaying original . You get longer scenes of silence . Conan in the comics did contemplate in peace , a sharp juxtaposition to the man 's violent side . The juxtaposition is balanced in the extended edition . I loved following along with the director and Arnold in the commentary . They pointed out the things I idly let pass . Each scene Arnold would try his hardest to remember how he had gone through the scenes . But it was a long time ago that he had done the movie . The director discribed the undertones of the movie . Even aside from all the trivia information , it was just fun listening to the two . They were very light hearted and sounded like great friends . Buy conan the Barbarian , not this collection of the two .
 The `` Barbarian '' DVD is just the same as the previous , widely available -LRB- at least in R2/R4 -RRB- Special Edition . This one just repeats it.The `` Destroyer '' disc in this set is even worse - just the film . Meanwhile , I 'm watching my R4 DVD of `` Conan the Destroyer '' , with two commentaries , two documentaries , storyboards , galleries and extra information about Howard 's most famous creation.Avoid this R1 set .
 For the second of Christmas I 'm going to review ... Rover Dangerfield . The only good thing about this film is the animation . Everything else stinks . This is Rodney Dangerfield at his worst . It 's basiclly the same thing when Celebrities try to write kids books . Everyone thinks they can do it but it takes talent to do it right but in this case they do n't . Too many one-liners and total lack of development . It 's clumsy at best . There are also some scences that are too dark for most kids like the dead turkey scence , the scence where we see the ladies in their dressing half-naked and scences where they talk about killing somebody . The songs are gargabe and just as bad as the songs from the Tom & Jerry film . Overall , If you want to see a good Rodney Dangerfield Movie ? Go watch Caddyshack or Back To School . I give this film a 1 out of 10 .
 I was going to show this DVD at work for a family movie day . I did n't preview it , because I saw that it was rated G. Most movies that are rated G are decent for families.In the first few moments of the movie , Rover comments on a poodle 's anatomy ... I believe he refers to her `` puffs '' ? Then we see Las Vegas showgirls scantily dressed ... next , a guy connected with the mafia , drunk and smoking a cigarette.Um , which part of this is for families?I was totally embarrassed , immediately turned the movie off and apologized to my patrons and put in a REAL family movie ... in this case , the original Parent Trap from 1961 . I would NOT recommend this movie to anyone under the age of 16 . Heck , I would n't recommend it to adults .
 This is a great movie . The problem I had was not in the movie , but in the `` DVD '' ... how are you going to sell a dvd without giving a warning that it can ONLY be played on some dvd players , NOT on PCs . I had to learn this while I 'm deployed , so returning it is almost not an option -LRB- we shall see though -RRB- . I know that it 's not a big deal but then again , in this day and age , when people use their laptops for watching movies , along with PS3s , Xbox 360s , and dvd players , they should cover all the bases , not just one .
 After reading the two reviews above , I bought Stolen Kisses sight-unseen . I wish I 'd rented it first . It may have been a pivotal film 20 years ago in France , but it hardly holds up . There 's very little structure -- the story meanders aimlessly from place to place . And I do n't know what the reviewers above found funny or sexy -- there 's not a lot of humor -LRB- certainly not by today 's comic standards -RRB- , and there 's no sex by any standards . Rent it first , then decide if you need to own it .
 The 400 Blows is deservedly one of the best movies of all time . Stolen Kisses , a continuation of the Antoine Doinel character , could possibly qualify as one of the worst -LRB- okay , a bit of an exaggeration , but it is bad -RRB- . Truffaut obviously decided to go for a farcical Antoine , which proved to be a big , big mistake . Antoine is no longer that edgy , rebellious character struggling with the constraints imposed by authority . Remember how he reacted when he got slapped in the face ? Very little reaction , which was perfect and believable . In Kisses , you have an Antoine who is more fawning than stoic , more mimicking than reserved . The result is this viewer 's disappointment . In addition , the plot is haphazard , breezy , and meaningless . The ending is forgettable , in complete contrast to that of The 400 Blows . Do yourself a favor
 After being blown away by `` The 400 Blows '' , I could n't wait to continue the story of Truffaut 's alter-ego , Antoine Doinel . So I have to report with some disappointment that I found this movie a less-than-worthy successor , lacking the tremendous narrative impetus of the first , and also lacking the charming performances and the cinematic virtuosity . It 's not that it 's totally terrible but it 's not very good either.We meet Doinel being discharged from the army . Back on the streets of Paris , he resumes a career as a jerk-of-all trades . He is successively , a hotel night desk clerk , a detective , a shoe shop stock room boy and a TV repairman . He fails at everything but has success in his on-off relationship with Christine for reasons that are not quite clear . He 's also seduced by the wealthy wife of one of his bosses.Jean-Pierre Leaud , so wonderful in `` The 400 Blows '' , is not terribly compelling as an adult actor . His main tic is forever sweeping his greasy hair away from his eye . And Doinel is an unsympathetic character . He 's not committed to anything . He does n't seem to care what happens to him . When he 's fired , he shrugs his shoulders . Whenever someone points him in a particular direction , he follows it -- until something else happens . I found it hard to square this aimless character with the unforgettable image of the intense kid who made a break for freedom at the end of `` The 400 Blows '' and kept running and running until he found it.The plot meanders around but I found myself steadily losing interest . There are two more movies in the series but I wo n't bother watching them .
 Beware ! This DVD is advertised as being NTSC , when in fact it is a German import in PAL format -LRB- not playable in the US -RRB- . I made the mistake of ordering it and having to return it because it is not playable here in the U.S. Amazon , please take note and correct this !
 Shane was n't the only one drunk out of his mind . The production of this concert is random and blurry . If you are looking for professional camera work and clear sound -- or just something better than an amateur documentation of the Pogues at the most evident start of Shane 's downward spiral -- do not spend your money on this video . The only thing to remind you that you are watching the Pogues will be the title on the tape case .
 Gamera is back in the 5th installment gamera vs this knife monster they called guiron.I own all 8 gamera flicks and to saythis one was kinda bad.It seem cheesy in ever way.The dubbing of course is really bad and the whole Guiron monster was alright but instead of a knife head monster why they do n't use a fork lol.I know gamera films were on a tight budget but they really made a mess on this one.Alright monster action but story lacks hard .
 Darnit , this is just not as good as the video release . The dubbing is actually slightly better , but the unintentional humor factor is now less . Even more unforgivable is the apparent cutting of some of the best kaiju action sequences ! Get the `` Gamera Vs. Guiron '' video instead ...
 I found this last entry of the original Gamera series to be such a disappointment . One could easily see that is was rushed and only produced to compete against Toho 's Godzilla series . I found the premise to be unoriginal and the spfx were horrible . I think more money went into Gamera 's fire breath than the costumes or actors . I 'd rather cut my finger on the Subway sandwich wraps than watch this movie again . ~ . ~ It made me laugh more than cover my eyes from the scary turtle and the rubber shark ... BUT I will admit to liking Zigra 's design . A 90 's version of him would be nice . I mean , they did update Gyaos ... twice ! Heh . Well ja ne .
 I never knew quite what to make of the Gamera movies . There 's an inherent problem with them that nobody seems to be mentioning.These films , more than any other giant monster movies , are obviously aimed at children - the fantastic plots , the shameless cheese , the child heroes , etc. . However , the Gamera movies were also the most gruesome of the giant monster movies . Each film , it seemed , became more violent
 Yes , Daeie made this pitiful attempt of a movie just before it went bankrupt , and it shows , oh BOY does it show ! This is quite possibly the worst of all the Gamera movies , `` Gamera vs. Zigra '' included . Not even little kids will be able to sit through this .
 This was a rather sad entry into the Gamera series of movies . The plot , such as it is , is two young boys , Akio and Tom find a spaceship and go inside to explore . The ship takes off and lands on a planet that is in our solar system but is directly on the other side of Earth so we never saw it . The only inhabitants left are two attractive women and their monster , Guiron . Guiron is basically a lizard with a knife for a head . The women read Akio 's mind to find out information and then plan to eat the boy 's brains before flying to earth . But of course , Gamera , the friend of all children , comes to the rescue . He defeats Guiron and takes the boys back to Earth safely.The dubbing in this movie is absolutely horrible . The monster fight scenes were comical . In fact , Guiron 's whole look is ridiculous . Akio , one of the young boys , is obsessed with living in a world without traffic accidents and keeps calling planets `` stars '' . Back on Earth the adults wo n't believe Akio 's sister that he took off in a spaceship , except for one policeman , `` Cornjob '' . These Japanese monster movies are always fun to watch , but some of them also had at least a semblance of quality . This one has none . A very strangely written script , beyond terrible dubbing and lower than low-budget effects .
 gamera returns to fight a shark from outter space in another pitiful entry in the horrorable gamera seris . i enjoyed this more when i saw this on mystery science theater 3000 !
 This flick is among the very worst of Gamera movies . Very simply , Gamera has to save two boys from the clutches of aliens who control Guiron , the monster known for nothing else than having a cheap kitchen knife for a head . DO N'T EVEN BOTHER WITH THIS FLICK ... instead , check out one of the three 1990 's Gamera movies . In all honesty .
 Did you guys know that Daiei made this movie right before they went bankrupt . Yes , I said bankrupt . And that 's no excuse ! This is just one BAD movie . Gamera even looks embarrassed to be in it . Zigra is okay , but check out the scene on the end where he falls on his face and the hatch on top of the rubber costume 's head pops open ! Duh duh duh ! It 's worse than Megalon !
 The delivery was fast and excellent , but the movie in itself was really goofy and silly and imature . Can be fun to watch on that account-maybe .
 Gamera tai daiakuju Giron -LRB- 1969 -RRB- Gamera vs. the Devil-Beast GironAKA Attack Of The MonstersMysterious messages from space . Soon two mischievous boys Akio and Tomoko checking out their telescope spot a space ship that looks like a tinker toy top . It conveniently land s in an empty lot and is undetected by anyone else . Naturedly they enter the ship and play with the interments . Yep they are being bratnaped . Fussy space beings change themselves into slick chicks . Soon they learn of Gamera from looking at reruns of previous movies in Akio 's puny brain . His tasty puny brain.Can Gamera save them or will it take Officer Kondo?Hopefully the kids will be dispatched before they can make the obligatory `` We should all work together '' speech.A Japanese film that is fourth in a series . It is dubbed in English . Really hockey graphics and while Giron makes a fair terradactyl but Gamera looks like a large space going turtle with a huge under-bite and file coming from behind.Destroy All Planets
 Oh yea , this is a winner . gamera travels to an alien planet to battle a monster shaped like a knife , the fight scenes are so bad , there bad . that 's it . You thought you 've seen bad dubbing ? wait till you see it here . liked the alien women though !!!
 Guiron is the worst creature ever invented by humankind ! At first i thought , `` O maybe , Gamera will duke it out in a city or island '' Wrong ! Instead he fights on some planet inhabited with green pigmen and they wnat to eat these two little boys named Matt and Joe . The pigmen actually almost eat the kids and there is almost nudity . The pigmen ask Matt to take off his clothes ! Ew ! That 's disgusting ! Gamera comes and fights this big rhino looking joke named Guiron who cuts monster 's heads off with a knife shaped head . Guiron is only in five minutes of the movie . The rest of the movie has Gamera and the kids and the pigmen.The ending is horrible ! Gamera pees in a resvoir ! What the ? Gamera also feasts on Guiron and the pigmen die in a horrible way . The pigmen fall into the resvoir , which i guess is where Gamera took his whiz . The pigmen get washed away and gamera eats the dead bodies . the kids nearly escape when a comet comes to the planet . Gamera of course destroys the comet . Gamera brings kids home and then whats wierd is that , he destroys Osaka for no reason ! Gamera then eats people ... What the ? Then he flies away when the military comes . Obvious in lame terms the movie is laid out like this
 Mike Figgis has made at least three wonderful ***** films , vastly different from one another
 The dvd plays fine ... but why anyone would want to watch this is beyond me . It was boring and fatally pointless . I did n't care enough about the characters to bother trying to follow or figure out the plot . And I 'm not someone who only watches movies like Porky 's Revenge . I followed Memento and loved it as well as other complex movies . But this ... save your money . It does n't get any worse IMHO .
 I greatly enjoyed all of Kim Novak 's movies from the 1950s and early 60s , and I bought this movie hoping that I would get a glimpse of the actress mature in her craft . So , I looked up her movies , read the 5-star reviews of this one to hear what I wanted to hear , and bought it in `` Like New '' condition.Sadly , I have nothing good to say about this film . The plot , script , and directing succeeded in keeping Ms. Novak from actually BEING in the film . Her body was there and , of course , her name is in the top three credits.Lest someone believe that this movie is , in some contorted way , a `` masterpiece '' -LRB- as the lead review proclaims -RRB- , let me assure you that NOTHING could be further from the truth . The other three actors are enjoyable to look at , and ... that 's it . The movie plods and struggles from beginning to end , and the `` final twist '' is murky , not believable , and not the least bit clever.Other bones to pick :1 . Lapses of bad taste that in no way serve the story
 I could not believe that anyone could make a film as bad as this one until I actually saw it . Even 6 years after seeing it no other movie has come close to the depths that this movie reached . I read the other reviews and I am convinced that they were all written by the people involved in the film because no one in their right mind could sit through this without screaming at the screen . I can not get this film out of my head , but for all the wrong reasons .
 Yet another film that could have been wonderful but staggers and finally succumbs under the weight of artsy film ambitions . Spoiler
 I enjoyed American Graffiti so I wanted to see the sequel , too . Movies about the Vietnam Era and the student demonstrations generally do n't appeal to me . I was of draft age during Vietnam and I was in college during the Kent State riots . Those are still painful memories . I saw More American Graffiti because I was interested in the stories of the characters from American Graffiti . Unfortunately , the story was not easy to follow because it jumped from year to year . Perhaps the story would have been better told year by year in chronological order . Candy Clark was the best actress in the sequel . I sympathized with Debbie because she lost Terry and her current boyfriend Lance took advantage of her . Debbie deserved better than that ! Maybe she found happiness with the band . I never liked the fact that Steve gave up college for Laurie . High school romances usually do n't last . I wonder if Steve and Laurie did ? American Graffiti had its share of future stars like Suzanne Somers , Cindy Williams , Harrison Ford and others . How many of you know that Naomi Judd of The Judds was one of the female student demonstrators in More American Graffiti ? You 'll probably find other future stars in the movie , too.I expected better when I watched More American Graffiti , but the overall story , disjointed as it was is still worth watching .
 Well , I just watched both of these movies , back to back . And I have to say I was really disappointed in both . There was so much potential for them both to be exciting as well as informative and musically captivating , but both fell short . Way short . The first was nothing but a bunch of kids riding up and down the streets all night long , obviously out of boredom , and only creating more boredom , to good music that was always too far in the background . The second movie followed them as they progressed into the 60s era , and this time in three or four separate and completely chopped up scenarios , and again with good 60s music that was not pronounced enough to bring back many memories to the viewer.I 'm actually sorry I did n't just watch them on cable and forget them . Neither are movies I would want to watch again - unless I was having trouble sleeping .
 I have seen the first American Graffiti and I liked it ! But this movie is just about the New Year 's Eve in the 60 's and Vietnam . It does n't even compare with the first one . I thought it was going to be like more greasers and alot funnier . This movie was n't even funny . It is still a great movie but it 's nothing like the first . I got a little disappointed that Richard Dreyfuss was n't in it . It was also hard trying to find Harrison Ford but he is in this one . Anyways I guess if you liked the first one you would like this one but not as much . The first one is the best . Do n't rent this movie because you will be a little disappointed .
 How bad is this sequel ? `` Howard the Duck '' is Shakespeare compared to this . At the conclusion to `` American Graffiti '' the viewer finds out what fate is delivered to each main character . So why have a sequel ? One word - money . The characters from `` American Graffiti '' are back in this uninspired , lame sequel , aptly titled , `` More American Graffiti '' . The film chronicles the lives of the four friends from the first `` Graffiti '' on New Years Eve in four different years -LRB- mass confusion ensues -RRB- . For John Milner life has n't changed . He still chases fast cars and fast women -LRB- currently a foreign exchange student whos hot to look at , but , ca n't speak a lick of english -RRB- . Terry the Toad ca n't stnd being in Vietnam -LRB- who the hell does ?!? -RRB- and tries every effort to get out while he still can . Laurie and Steve have gotten married , have 2 kids , and argue constantly about how Steve does n't do his share around the house and does nothing to encourage Laurie to go out and get a job -LRB- both wind up joining the womens movement . Stupid & unfunny -RRB- . The film is a mish-mash that tries to be a comedy but becomes an outdated and embarassing social commentary of the 60 's told through the eyes of the greedy 70 's . George Lucas is executive producer of this celluloid turd and if I were him would distance himself farther from this than `` Howard the Duck '' -LRB- I personally would have bought the rights to the negative from Universal and had it burned -RRB- . The principal cast looks like there commiting celluloid suicide -LRB- you can almost hear the toilet flushing down there career -RRB- . I bought this on VHS a few years back and I wound up taping an episode of `` The Greatest American Hero '' over it .
 both sides of this dvd skip so badly it is unwatchable.unfortunatly i lost my receipt before viewing this piece of crap.i would advise other customers to think twice before purchasing the franchise collection version of these two movies .
 I attempted to watch this DVD on my Samsung 52 '' LCD TV using my Samsung 1080 upscaling DVD player . Most DVDs play at near blu-ray quality on my system , however , this DVD quality was not even the equal of an average VHS picture . Futhermore , the `` widescreen '' display only occupied about 2/3 of my screen -LRB- Who knows ? It may have looked worse if it had taken the whole screen ! -RRB- . I gave up after trying to watch for about 15 minutes .
 More American Graffiti is a sad Sequel with the exception of More Drag Racing and cool cars and Wolfman Jack it makes a Mockery and ruins the franchise -LRB- Typical Lucas and Howard and their Politics . -RRB- There are some funny parts where in ` Nam the guy is incompetent but overall it is tasteful the Whole ` Nam added in as if to make a statement and then you have the losers from SadFranciso -LRB- pun intended Sad -RRB- and their little Che and Lenin Posters in the background , you do not know whether the film makers are condoning it or regretting it -LRB- I am sure the former -RRB- . Overall , a Movie that has nothing to do with Cars and growing up and more of a statement from the many UNAMERICAN Canadian Bound Draftdodgers and draftcard burners who do not represent America as a whole or it 's opinion .
 The movies are just fine , but the quality of the DVD is horrible . The soundtrack is such that it requires the volume on the TV to be turned up over twice as much as any other DVD requires . It 's like watching the movies with earplugs in .
 More American Graffiti was exactly what I figured it would be.A movie made that does n't break new ground , but instead uses it as a foundation to make money for the cast , crew , caterers , etc. . Good for them , bad for most of us.I will admit I am sequel bigot '' with a deep abiding resentment against exploiting an original ideal which was the classic `` American Graffiti `` I bought the second one so I could `` have the complete set . `` But the two do n't make a set . The magic of the original is gone for the most part , great actors -LRB- Paul Lemat , Ron Howard -RRB- are going through the motions waiting for payday . What this -- and most -- sequels do is stain the memory of its original to the point of sacreligious . With few exceotions , avoid films with `` 2 '' or `` More '' in the title . `` More American Graffiti '' issimply more money for the producers .
 I hate to do this.As a lover of the original American Graffiti I had high hopes for this title.That having been said , More American Graffiti sucks like a Hoover & makes a mockery of the characters & themes from it 's marvellous predecessor.Don ' t contaminate your fond memories of American Graffiti with this Dreck.Fair warning .
 side b skips throw out the movie . next time i will need to ask before i order the next one
 If you like the original . You may be disapointed . I was . I wanted to see a real continuation . What I got was meany hard to follow snips . I think the director could not get them all in one place again . So , they wrote small movies for each .
 More American Graffiti is kind of sad to me . It shows how everone is living in 3 or 4 time zones . It 's sad that Terry the toad 's girlfriend forgets him and becomes a hippie . The ending is the most sad because you know John Milner is about to die because of a drunk driver . I probably would n't recommend MORE AMERICAN GRAFFITI !!!
 American Graffiti was a great movie , the sequel is terrible , I wish I had never bought it and wasted my money .
 Viewed
 this dvd lasted about 20 minutes and then stopped never mad e it through the whole movie once ...
 Had it been made in 1953 or 1963 `` Honor Thy Father '' might be considered a great gangster film . But instead it was made in 1973 , post `` Godfather '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and as such it is more of an embarrassment than a success , even though it was a TV movie.The film is based on the critically acclaimed bestselling 1971 book by Gay Talese -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , about the trials and tribulations of the Bonanno crime family in the 1960s . The film stars Joseph Bolgona and Raf Vallone , as son and father , with Brenda Vaccaro as Joe 's wife and Richard Castellano -LRB- he played Clemenza in `` The Godfather '' -RRB- as one of Joe 's senior aides . -LRB- FWIW - This was only Bologna 's second film . His best performance , IMHO , was in `` My Favorite Year '' -LRB- 1982 -RRB- where he played Sid Caesar . In that film he does a sketch about a mob boss , and I could n't help but see that mob boss in his performance in this film . BTW - Caesar 's mob boss was a caricature but Salvatore Bonano was not intended to be . -RRB- The executive producer is Charles Fries who specialized in TV movies and made more than 100 of them , most of which are forgettable . Among his better ones were `` LBJ
 This review is not about the movie . The movie is Van Damme at his best and worst . Personally , one of my favorites . I ordered 3 Van Damme movies on blu-ray . Kick boxer , Cyborg and Double Impact . The other 2 looked like bllu-ray movies , but Double Impact on blu-ray proved to be a disappointment . The picture quality looked faded and colors dull . It made me cringe to watch the night scenes . If this movie was called `` The Fog '' , I would be okay with it , but it 's not . Maybe it 's the production quality of the film itself . If you have the dvd , like I do , do n't buy the blu-ray ... . like I did .
 Viewed
 Double Impact stars actionstar Jean-Claude Van Damme in his prime . The movie follows two brothers who are united after being separated as baby 's by a tragedy . Together they will have to team up to get the guy who is responsible for that event.The fun part about Double Impact , is that it stars Jean-Claude Van Damme in a double role . With some nice computereffects he is able to interact with himself in the same room . This is a joy to see.Being an actionfilm , Double Impact sure has alot of action , but in my opinion it was a bit underwhelming . It is all a bit lame and could have been way better . Van Damme is known for being a karatestar and does some kicks in this film , but it just is n't worked out well . A fight against one of the badguys , where both opponents get the change to take off their shirts , was a real letdown and is finished way too quickly and easily.As for the rest of the action , which features alot of shooting and explosions , the same thing
 - a C grade movie - the man has made better movies ! - I would n't rent it even - poor plot - even poorer acting - not that we expect much from him - but he has improved over the years - handsome devil none the less !
 This film is a true classic . Story is a bit slow , I kinda did ' t like it to much . The film was almost like his other 80 's film but still I thought it was more like a `` Ladys soap opera '' . It Some what has some awesome action in the movie.This is one of those films that if there is nothing else to watch on tv then you can pop this DVD in and kill some time with it .
 They try hard , but they ca n't make Van Damme seems like a good actor . The plot about twin is a clever idea , but it does n't work at all . Bad ...
 I did n't have huge expectations when I ordered this movie since I 'd never even heard of it , but it was about the dumbest movie I 've ever seen ! I love the ` kid sports ' movies , but the writing in this one was horrible ! Should have kept this one in left field !
 The `` Tagged Classic '' series are old WWE PPV events that they package together & release as a set together for those who did n't catch them back when they originally were released . And to answer the big question surrounding every release of a PPV since July of last year is that Chris Benoit has not been edited out of the events . These are just re-releases of the original PPV DVD events.Backlash 2003 was the PPV after WrestleMania XIX & honestly was one of those events where if you did n't see it , you did n't miss anything . The main event was Goldberg 's inring debut vs. The Rock but Goldberg did n't live up to the hype right from the start & had the crowd turn on him to start cheering The Rock . Other standout matches were Team Angle vs. Los Guerreros , the World Team Champions RVD & Kane vs. Dudley Boyz match , and the six man tag was alright but the best match in the Triple H/Kevin Nash series -LRB- which is n't saying much -RRB- . The rest of the card is n't much as WWE Champion Brock Lesnar vs. John Cena did n't click well in their match & the rest of the matches were real short & easily forgettable -LRB- Jazz/Trish , O'Haire / Rikishi , Show/Mysterio -RRB- . Judgment Day was a two match show . Eddie Guerrero & Tajiri -LRB- who replaced the injured Chavo Guerrero -RRB- met Team Angle in a ladder match that to this day I will never understand did n't make the `` Ladder Match '' DVD because it was an awesome match that I concider a `` lost classic '' as far as ladder matches goes . The other match on here was the Big Show vs. Brock Lesnar match for the WWE Championship as Brock just brings out the best in Big Show & this was no different with a very humorous ending . Another `` match '' on here that really is n't a classic but is heavily talked about is the bikini contest between Torrie Wilson & Sable that for a long time was the most watched match on WWE.com . The rest of the card was just like Backlash in that the matches were either too short & easily forgettable such as the Womens Title match between Jazz/Trish/Victoria / Jacqueline , Cena & F.B.I. vs. Rhyno/Benoit/Kendrick , La Resistance vs. Test/Steiner , the battle royal for the reinstated Intercontinental Title , Kevin Nash vs. World Champion Triple H , and the Hogan -LRB- as Mr. America -RRB- vs. Roddy Piper match that was embarrising to watch.In the end , these are two really passable events so it 's not something I would recommend for someone looking for great overall quality.As a side note for those looking to find certain matches on other DVD 's : Brock Lesnar vs. John Cena is on John Cena 's `` Word Life '' DVDThe Stretcher Match with Brock Lesnar vs. Big Show is on Brock Lesnar 's DVD
 Why is the WWE releasing this pair of PPVs ? Critics were indifferent to the events , fans do n't write to highly of either one on this website , and I personally do n't see the need for this re-release . But , I 'll try to stay positive , and maybe we can find the answers together : First , the PPVs themselves : BACKLASH 2003 -- There 's some good stuff here , but also some questionable decisions . Both RAW and SMACKDOWN presented solid Tag Titles matches . SMACKDOWN 's , decent main event featured John Cena getting his first-ever shot at the WWE Championship against Brock Lesnar . Sadly , the `` B Show '' also included Big Show squashing Rey Mysterio , which was a jip at best . RAW headlined the PPV with the WWE in-ring debut of Goldberg ; although he never matched his WCW success , it was nice to see him face The Rock in a match we never thought we 'd see . But throw in a racial-focused Women 's Title Match , and World Heavyweight champion Triple H being stuck in a 6-Man Tag Match -- RAW too made some unusual decisions . BACKLASH 2003 is a strange bird . Overall , it 's not bad , but you can live without seeing it.JUDGMENT DAY 2003 -- An inexplicable catastrophe . The good news is that SMACKDOWN featured two solid title matches
 I do n't want to be mean , but Backlash and JD '03 were not `` classics '' by any stretch of the imagination . Coming off a great WrestleMania , WWE was entering one of its worst and most boring post-Attitude periods , especially on the RAW side of things . But if you want to see how lame things were getting by the spring of 2003 , I guess this is the cheapest way to do it .
 Yikes ! Had I known this was gon na be an incredibly tedious drama film revolving around a resurrected nimrod who 's looking for a date , instead of an actual scary figure inflicting terror into others , then I probably would n't have spent money on it ... This `` horror film '' can put you to sleep faster than chloroform that it would giving you the slightest scare known to mankind . Spending money on this is no better than throwing it in the trash , that 's right , this movie sucks!I wish I could go back in time and stop myself from buying this . Better yet , I should probably consider kicking my a ** right now for doing so.Horror ? What horror ? Last time I checked , horror films were scary . Is this scary ? Not to the slightest . Boring Borris in this movie is slower and even more monotonous than that one teacher in Ferris Buehller . Hell , that guy was even scarier than Karloff was in this film.I guess I mistook this film for the better and scarier Mummy films that had Lon Chaney Jr. . Anyway , if you 've made -LRB- or are about to make -RRB- the same mistake that I have , then go for the Lon Chaney films . They 're better.Trust me , just do n't spend money on this . It 's horrible and boring .
 I like those classic old horror movies , like Frankenstien , the wolfman , the invisble man , etc.But this moviewas absolutley boring . It had a good opening scene in the start of the movie , when Karloff 's mummy first comes to life , but after that he becomes a regular man and than the movie becomes a romance melodarma , not a horror movie . Their is no real suspense.I realize that compared to horror movies today , some the older movies might seem tame , but movies like frankenstien , the wolfman and their sequels haves their moments , but this one does not even have a mummy as we know it . Any body expecting to see a traditional monster will be disapointed . If I want to see a drama I will watch Citizen Kane.Finally , I like Karloff , he did some great horror B movies , this was not one of them .
 I noticed that there is n't a single one-star review on here . Well , there 's going to be one now . I really think this deserves a negative rating , like -5 stars , but since that is n't an option , I 'll simply have to opt for the lowest available.I did n't really want to watch this movie to begin with but my dear mother wanted to give it a whirl so I figured I 'd just do the same . Afterwards we both agreed that it was a total waste of time that could have been spent in such infinitely more profitable ways . First , the whole occultic aspect was sickening to me ; second , the acting , script , plot , and everything else about the movie was not worth much comment except negatively . Third , pizza is best without mushrooms . In fact , every kind of food is better without mushrooms.Mushrooms and Mummies aside , if you want to watch a good suspense or `` horror '' film try Fredric March 's `` Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde '' or most any Alfred Hitchcock movie . At least those are well-done pieces of artwork as well as masterpieces as far as acting , script , plot , and everything else about them.Thank you for your time .
 For those of you who do n't like movie trailers and what to be completely surprised do n't read this . For the rest of you , here we go!We start out with really nice fire brick . And a very nice well burning fire . We have flames and puffs of smoke going up . Sparks and embers going down . And you can see it all . The relaxing sound and scene leaves you with anticipation . This really would be a great fire to watch burn itself down to a bed of embers . It 's that good . Then about 2:30 on the counter someone shoves your face four inches form burning coals . Your left to wonder , what happened to that great fire ? Why is my face four inches form these burning coals ? What is this long out of focus black thing in the center of the picture ? Should I be watching this long out of focus black thing ? Then at around 4:40 on the counter your magically transported back to that really nice , relaxing set of burning logs . The Spanish inquisition is over . Your safe now . It 's a great looking fire . The memory of what took place earlier is fading away with the gentle crackling and relaxing scene . For a few minutes all is good . Till someone shoves your face four inches away from burning sticks . Yes . Sticks . Like the sticks you pick up before you mow the lawn . Burning away four inches form your nose hair.There you go folks ! That 's the first seven or so minutes of this video . Just imagine what the rest of it 's like . The producers of this film have proven one thing . The wood burned to make this video would have been better off milled into toilet paper . Not recommended .
 I bought this to have the HD fireplace scenes along with Christmas music playing in the background when we had guests over for the holidays . The HD video was very nice but I was also expecting a quality arrangement of Christmas music to go with it . What we got was someone playing Christmas tunes on an electronic keyboard . It sounded cheap and cheesy . Fortunately we could turn off the music and just enjoy the fire . If you do not care about the music this is nice at a good price .
 I began to watch the movie and could not finish it . Others liked it , to me it was perhaps too skiddish-road with people falling to the low passions of their soul just to cruise through life and/or to accomplish an unvirtious end ; I 'm not really that sanctimonious , I have managed to watch more horrible films to the end . For some reason this one never got off the ground , some day I 'll watch the rest of it and perhaps then I 'll submit an ammended review .
 I have been a Shogun Assassin fan since 1980 when the film came out , and a fan of the `` Baby Cart Series '' when the film was playing in independent movie houses in Boston-Cambridge . So I will start of by saying that I have only good things to say about the Lone Wolf and Cub Series.However , the blu-ray 5-film Collector 's Set falls short . It falls short when comparing it to the six-disk DVD version , which in my view is one of the best transfers to DVD I have seen.The problem with the 5-film set is that it is dubbed . You MUST listen to it in English . The 1980 Shogun Assassin did a great job of translating the film into English , but the problem with this series is the other films are done in the painful English translation parodied in the deleted scenes from Kill Bill.I bought the 5-film series thinking I 'd get something like the six-film series in DVD , plus the 1980 Shogun Assassin , the latter which I already have on blu-ray as a single . I open the set , so I am not going to return it . It 's done . The other dubbed films , which I could not bring myself to finish watch , are contained on one disk.If the Baby Cart series was available in blu-ray with the option to have Japanese with subtitles , or a dubbed version to choose from the menu , it would have been fine.For now , if you are one of those purists who like the Japanese versions with English subtitles to help , I would steer you to the DVD version . If that is not important and a dubbed English version is what you want , the films stand up well enough in the transfer .
 I must blame myself for not noticing the disk details indicated the only language listed was English , and no sub-titles . If you truly love Japanese cinema you probably watch it with the english sub-titles on and listening to the original Japanese dialog . It 's a simple matter of wanting to hear the sound track the original director created , the actors voices , and all the sounds he put there.This starts out with a American child 's voice doing a voice-over that attempts to bridge the massive cuts this American release inflicted on the story.To painful to watch I stopped it after the first 15 minutes . Now to decide , to chuck it , or donate to the thrift store ?
 I bought the product but I was surprised that the movie is not in japanese as it was said in the description . It 's English dubbed ... and it 's the only language available ...
 For die hard fans of the ORIGINAL BOX SET that included the FULL VERSIONS of the first 2 movies `` Sword of Vengeance '' and `` Baby Cart at the River Styx '' , and who have been waiting for the full series in it 's original version to come out on Blu-ray , this collector 's set is a BIG SAD DISAPPOINTMENT . I was not a fan of the AnimEigo chop-job of the first two films that was turned into `` Shogun Assassin '' . `` Shogun Assassin '' destroy 's the EPIC FEEL and critical powerful details of the first two films seen in their original full-length glory . The people at AnimEigo who decided to do this obviously did it to make a quick buck , and did not have the die hard `` Lone Wolf '' fans in mind . That 's understandable and for most non-fans `` ShogunAssassin '' is a good movie intro into the `` Lone Wolf '' world . However , my point is , if you are going to make what should be a definitive collectors version on BLU-RAY for the die hard `` Lone Wolf '' fans , you should n't go cheap and leave out the first two movies by substituting them with a sub-standard edited version that already came out on the market . If you bought that Blu-ray version , and I did , why would a REAL FAN want a duplicate copy in their `` Special Event Box-Set '' ? After waiting for this for years , I feel completely RIPPED OFF !
 I picked this up about a month ago due to high ratings and the low price . I found out that this is actually the abbreviated version made from the scenes from the first 2 original Japanese movie , Lone Wolf & Cub Complete -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- which consists of 6 movies.I have seen comments , by some fans , stating that this movie was made for the English-speaking audience ; the comments were defensive arguments against the accusation of this movie being dubbed . I do n't agree with those arguments because the scenes in this movie are exactly -LRB- I mean exactly -RRB- the same scenes from the original Japanese movie . This is not a movie shot from scratch for the English audience . I find this to be a cheap way of making money by editing the scenes from the first 2 original Japenese movie and by dubbing it in English.Blu-ray quality is not even that good . Ok , so it is much better than the standard version but it is not remastered ; there are very visible noise that needs to be cleaned up.After this movie , I bough the original movie and unfortunately , I was n't impressed by the original series either due to different reasons . There are a lot of positive comments about the Lone Wolf and Cub . Even though I agree , that the movie brings something new to the genre -LRB- a very graphic , violent Samurai picture -RRB- , I found the story to be very monotonous . I also did n't like the main character , the Lone Wolf , who always had the exact same facial expression all throughout the film , and not just the first film but 6 films -LRB- in the original Japenese version -RRB- . I do agree that Quentin Tarantino probably had seen the original many times and borrowed ideas for his Kill Bill saga , and nicely paid tribute to this genre .
 My introduction to these characters was via the outstanding Lone Wolf and Cub series . I have 5 Lone Wolf films in DVD -LRB- not Blu-ray -RRB- . But I have to say , those DVDs have better resolution and color than the Shogun Assassin movies in this collection . That 's my technical complaint.As for movies , any potential buyer should be aware that these movies are intended for those who love cheesy dubbed Asian action movies . There is no Japanese audio track . There are no subtitles . Shogun Assassin was a recut/reinvention of two Lone Wolf and Cub movies , made for the American audiences . We 're talking B movies way way way down in the Bs . If you like samurai movies , like the Samurai Trilogy , Yojimbo , Hari Kiri , 47 Ronin , Zatoichi movies , then this collection is NOT for you!I regret buying this collection mainly because I did n't realize what I was getting . That was my mistake . However , I am surprised at the lower quality of the film footage . One would expect a Blu-ray mastering to have better results than older DVD transfers of essentially the same footage . I suppose the SA films are already 2 or more film generations from what might be available for LWAC , so maybe this is the best they could have done . At any rate , it 's very disappointing to me .
 You just ca n't rip off the original language !!! My mistake I did not notice it before I buy it ... Also , the description said there are five discs but there are only two -LRB- four movies in just one disc ? that says all about the image and sound quality ... -RRB-
 Set in an alternate universe where cinemas only show Cannon films , Death Wish 4
 even bronson looks tired in this sad action movie ! why they made this waste of time and money is beyond me . not even so bad it 's good , just bad .
 BRONSON SHOULD 'VE PUT AWAY HIS GUN AFTER THE BRUTALLY DISGUSTING `` DW 2 '' . THE FIRST ONE WAS N'T THAT GOOD TO START WITH -LRB- 2 STARS -RRB- . BUT NO . HE KEPT ON GOING MAKING EACH SEQUEL DUMBER , SILLIER AND YAWN ! VERY TIRESOME ! PART 4 WAS JUST THAT . SOMEONE CLOSE TO BRONSON IS KILLED , HE TAKES HIS ARSENAL , STARTS FIRING , YADA YADA YADA ...
 Well , I just got the documentary `` Broadway The Golden Age '' on DVD , and though there are some nice interviews , it 's disappointing . Do n't waste your money.First of all , the central premise of the film is that the 1950s and 60s were the pinnacle of the history of American theatre and that where we are now sucks . So many of the people interviewed are long past their prime , and they spew out a long litany of gloom and doom about how awful the American theatre is now -- and they make the huge mistake of equating the American theatre with Broadway . When they were working , Broadway was it , but today there are thousands of professional theatres all over America , doing exciting work ! And they act as if that does n't even exist.I think too many people forget how many utterly forgettable , mediocre musicals and plays opened -LRB- and quickly closed -RRB- on Broadway alongside the classics we all know now . And it 's sad to me that these people who worked back then do n't realize how thrilling the American theatre is right now -LRB- even though Broadway is no longer the center of that universe -RRB- . And they forget that a big part of the reason it was all so magic to them is that they were KIDS fulfilling their dreams -- of course that was more magic to them than going to see a show today ... This documentary maker believes that HAIR was the beginning of Broadway 's downfall . What a crock . To discount the Hal Prince-Stephen Sondheim masterpieces of the 70s , the Kander & Ebb masterpieces , the brilliant work of the 90s , the amazing surprises of the new millennium from the New Generation , seems to me to be nothing more than ignorance.There are other disappointments too . The film maker really wants it to be about him -- he starts the film with a short bio of himself . What 's that about ? And there are a lot of minor factual errors in the film , like the assertion that `` Les Miz '' takes place during the French Revolution -LRB- it does n't -RRB- . It makes me crazy that it 's considered such a tragedy that kids today would n't be interested in an Irving Berlin musical . Of course they wo n't ! We do n't drive Edsels and we do n't use Underwood typewriters anymore either -- why should today 's kids have to love music from 60 years ago ??? In 1950 , kids would not have wanted to see `` HMS Pinafore '' -- why is that so tragic ??? Like I said , I would not recommend this -- there was very little new info in it , and it just left me angry that all these people have so little respect for the theatre being created today ...
 i finally got around to trying to play the DVD and a message pops up that says it is not for my geographical region . What is that about ? I live in Colorado . There is nothing on the box that indicates this . I am trying to return the DVD!I saw the PBS special , and it was great ! just ca n't watch it now . Argh !!
 It 's terribly boring . period.This DVD makes me fall asleep very easily.Too many interviews and the video quality is really bad .
 I bought this video because I enjoyed the other aerobic tape in Jane Fonda 's personal trainer series
 I really hate the aerobics section of this tape . As several other reviews say , the moves are too complicated . I spend more energy getting frustrated that I 'm not able to follow the moves , and I start to make up my own moves , and what 's the point of following a video if you ca n't actually follow it . I 've sworn I will never do this routine again.I do enjoy the stretching program . It can be very soothing and relaxing - and you really feel FANTASTIC when you 're done . I just wish I could make more time in my schedule to do it more often . I use the other two tapes in this series and LOVE 'EM !
 The aerobics section of the video -- which is , of course , the longest section -- is a disaster . The moves are complicated , change very frequently , and are given little or no verbal explanation . To make matters worse , the camera almost always remains at the front , rarely giving a side view of the acitvity -- even though it 's desperately needed in order to have any hope of deciphering the group 's complicated footwork.I chose this video because I 'd been very happy with the Jane Fonda exercise video is used back in my college days -LRB- over 10years ago -RRB- . Needless to say , I was very disappointed . While I might occasionally use the video 's stretching segment , I doubt I 'll ever again use the aerobics section again ... pretty disappointing considering that I primarily bought it for the cardiovascular workout .
 I would never recommend this tape to anyone . It is nothing more than a very subtle and complicated dance routine with absolutely no instruction . It 's impossible to follow . I 've loved Jane Fonda 's workout tapes for years , but this one is very disappointing .
 There are 10,000 other fitness videos out there that would not profit a traitor to our country . What this rich woman did to our soldiers is unforgivable . Anyone who would let such a person profit by buying their goods is spitting in the face of our veterans .
 I have done countless other workout videos , and I have studied martial arts for years . I bought this video hoping for a martial-arts-oriented hardcore aerobic workout with motivating music , but without the complicated dance moves or Barbie-doll instructor . I 'm not exactly sure what I got ... First of all , the quality of this video is TERRIBLE ! It appears to have been shot in Rich 's basement . He has about 6 people trying to do the workout in a 2-square-foot area . I got claustrophobic just watching them.There is no choreography whatsoever . The entire video is just Rich counting out sets of 8 basic kicks over and over . For this type of thing , I 'd rather just do it on my own with my heavy bag , and listen to some decent music while doing it.The music is what finally made me stop the tape before the end of the workout . Apparently , the music was not playing while they were filming , but was dubbed in later . He does not stay with the beat . After doing choreographed aerobic workouts for so long , I simply could n't handle this . I tried to stay with Rich , but my body kept trying to stay with the music . It was intolerable . I suppose that with practice , you could learn to ignore the music , but why bother when there are so many other quality workout videos ?
 I 'm an aerobics and cardio kickboxing instructor and have a large collection of videos . I was excited to get this video since it had a five star rating , but very disappointed when I watched it . I could n't believe the poor home video quality for the money . The instructor could n't stick with the 32 count phasing , if he knows what that is . The music was horrible . I turned the volume off because I could n't stand him and eventually turned off the video . I do n't recommend spending the money on this video .
 I bought this video based on the rave reviews it has received . I have the Kathy Smith and Billy Blanks kickboxing videos , and was looking to vary the routine . The first part of the video seemed great , with easy to follow demonstrations , and a killer buns/thighs floor workout . However , the rest of the video was disappointing . After all the talk about `` go at your own pace , '' I thought the floor exercises went much too fast . During the standing portion of the workout , Grogran loses count on every section , and the music beats do n't match the workout counts . This may not be a big deal for some , but I found it very distracting . I am used to instructors that are conscientious about working both sides of the body evenly . As to the `` fun '' factor
 If you want a real workout with a quality instructor , where the class is in synch , where the music actually flows with the movements , where the video is of high quality and does n't look like someone filmed it with their handycam . . DO N'T BUY THIS WORK OUT . . Get yourself a taebo tape with Billy Blanks . No matter how many times Grogan told me to have fun , I was too busy wondering why he did n't edit the tape before he put it on the market ... Horrible horrible horrible . . POOR QUALITY ALL AROUND . Grogan is dorky , corny , and has 2 left feet , no rhythm , and has no business making work out videos .
 This has to be the worst tape I 've purchased and I have at least 300 videos in my library . I would consider myself a cardio boxing enthusiast . I have been doing Taebo for 3 years and LOVE it . I wanted to expand my library since I have every Taebo Advanced tape available . I received Rich Grogan 's tape and tried it over the weekend . Not only does he have no rhythm , his crew is out of synch , the music is not in tempo with the moves and the quality of the tape is horrible . Everyone is moving at different times because the beat of the music does n't match the workout moves . Grogan is a mess in this tape . Either he ca n't keep up with his crew or the crew ca n't keep up with him . It looks like he filmed it himself with a camcorder . Save your money . I found it hard to keep my heart rate up at a steady rate . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Do n't waste your money on this one . I wish I could get my money back . Poor taping quality , poor instructions , poor everything !
 I got this about a month ago , I have tried in 3 diffent DVD players and my computer and it dose n't work.I want to send it back but could n't get the paper to d0 it.So if someone could help that would be great.Dave Culp
 As a long-time RUSH fan , and an avid drummer , I thought I would 've enjoyed this DVD more . The film itself is okay , but they gushed about the days with the original drummer for an extremely long time , while flying though the 1980 's with little detail -LRB- especially toward the end of the 80 's -RRB- . The film is a good jumping-off point for the RUSH beginner . However , anyone who had recorded this film off of VH-1 Classics -LRB- like myself -RRB- will be disappointed in that the television broadcast is the same running time . There is nothing new to see here.I mainly bought the set for the second disc with the bonus features . The features are n't very interesting . The segments with the boys having dinner was amusing , however I was expecting more concert footage from the film -LRB- the stuff that was in black and white -RRB- . I do own all of RUSH 's CD 's , and have most of their video releases on VHS , LaserDisc , and DVD . I ca n't help but feel `` taken '' , and should have spent my money elsewhere.This DVD set is for the new RUSH fan only . All others who own most of their other DVDs -LRB- and the book VISIONS that was released in the 1980 's -RRB- would be better off saving their money .
 I was a Rush fan growing up , have seen them several times in concert during the `` Permanent Waves '' and `` Moving Pictures '' era . So , my Rush credentials are in order.By any modern standard , this can hardly be called a documentary . It 's clear that the members do n't like any in-depth prodding , so what we end up with is really shallow . Here 's what the DVD covers :1 . Early years .2 . Critics never liked us .3 . Here 's what each album was about .4 . A teeny bit of personal stuff.And , that 's it . Instead of prodding Neil Peart and the others about their Ayn Rand fixation , we hear nothing of it . Ayn Rand was a bizarre person , with even more bizarre beliefs , and hated people she thought were a drain on other successful people . So why the intense appeal of this loony to three great musicians that seem like nice guys?Instead of asking Alex Lifeson about his brawl with police officers in 2003 , we get to see the church basement they played at when they were sixteen.We do n't even get to hear how `` Gary '' became `` Geddy '' . The whole thing is really , really shallow . They do n't even discuss the music in depth . Just that they tried to push themselves.Oh , and please stop putting Jack Black in all these documentaries on rock bands . The only thing worse than his bad acting is his bad documentary input . Please put a muzzle on that clown . One star off just for having him here .
 You want to like the movie because it 's so awful , but it just ai n't possible . The soundtrack song `` King Frat '' was edited for content before being mixed in to the film so you can clearly hear where the f-bombs would go . Feel free to shout them out yourself , I guess.If you pick this video out at the video store , your friends will never let you pick movies again .
 I 've never in my life seen a movie so terrible , it made me wish I was dead , that is until I saw King Frat !
 Some will tell you this is a bad movie . heck , almost everybody will . And it IS a bad movie , but there are different flavours of bad.I like movies about chicks fighting . -LRB- What can I say ? Love me them strong female role models . -RRB- There are lots and lots of fights in here , and lots of guys getting beat up by Velvet Smooth -LRB- played by Johnnie Hill -RRB- and her partners in detective work.What really ruins this movie is the DVD . The picture transfer is the worst I have ever seen . Lots of material seems to be missing ; the movie begins and ends abruptly , with hardly any lead-in or fade-out ; I could almost swear that they did not get to the end of the flick , just stopped when they ran out of the $ 1 they were budgeted.The subtitles do n't work . If you are the hearing-impaired -LRB- I certainly am -RRB- , you need the subtitles if you are to have any chance of spotting a plotline . The thing says it has subtitles , but when you turn them on , no text appears -LRB- not even white text on a mostly white background -- I hate it when people do that , but we do n't even get that much -RRB- . No extras in this one -LRB- what would they do for a making-of featurette ? Show Johnnie Hill being worked on by her acting coach ? -RRB- . Hopefully , there will be no Special Edition or Director 's Cut of this movie.But , at least I got to see some chicks in fight scenes . Since I could n't follow the plot and read what people were saying , instead I tried counting how many times they hit a guy in the groin . I spotted forty-six -LRB- no lie ! -RRB- . Is that sick and hilarious or is that just a bad movie ?
 The cast is impressive enough , and the scenery and period tone is interesting but nothing can save this series from its shallow characterizations and tacky plot . I seldom find a film bad enough to regret the time wasted spent watching it . But for this one I did . Fortunately though I almost purchased it on amazon , I decided to rent it first . And I highly recommend renting it before purchasing it unseen in spite of the promise its stellar cast lends it.With all that 's going on in Gr . Br . during this period , the upheavals in the character 's lives , etc , the drama in this flick never seems to rise above who is about to sleep with whom . The characters interchange beds and partners more often than a French farce . Without the humor . As if the producers were desperate to incite the watcher 's flagging interest in this trivial film , there 's a fair bit of nudity -- a lot by U.S. tv standards . Far from titilating , I ended up feeling sorry for any actor who felt that they needed to sacrifice their dignity to bare all for this boring piece of trash . There 's no great artistic merit in this film . Most of the characters seem deeply unpleasant , selfish , even psychologically challenged . Calypso 's self interest borders on sociopathic , and the rest of the characters gratify their own self interests regardless of any respect for the ties they should feel for friends , spouses , or the social strictures against molesting kids . Needless to say , few characters are very likable , and not much goes on in this film , apart from a lot of sleeping around . Given the characters do n't seem to care for themselves or eachother , its hard to imagine why the viewer is supposed to care . The uninspired plot -LRB- such as it is -RRB- is not helped by being fractured by constant moving from present to past , most of the action -LRB- to put it in that sense -RRB- occuring in the WWII past . Most of them spend their regrouping in the present -LRB- for a funeral -RRB- carping at eachother for their actions in the past.Unless you like really shallow relationships and lots of purely gratuitous sleeping around as the main plot without even a hint of anything more interesting , save yourself five hours of your life and skip this lame turkey . I am not one who has ever watched soap operas , but I had the impression that even soap operas probably have it all over this thing . It was just boring and unpleasant . I kept waiting for something to happen that lifted it up , but nothing did .
 I wanted to watch this movie mainly because of Jennifer Ehle . Ms. Ehle played Elizabeth Bennett is the very lovely-made version of Pride and Prejudice . However , I did not like her character or her blonde hair . The story , mostly told in flashback , was poorly done and somewhat confusing . I was very glad when the film ended .
 I watched this when it came out , and have returned to it years later.And how different it seems in retrospect.The acting is wooden - it 's as if someone threw a chair onto the set . There are some good performances but in the main the order of the day is clipped upper class Englishness with warmth and humanity drained away . All very sterile.The writing and dialogue is at times painful , stilted and unreal , with the delivery of lines from the actors forced and almost alien.Some other strange stuff too
 We were completely disappointed in this DVD . It has so much nudity in the first 20 minutes we could not finish watching it . We can not recommend this DVD to anyone . We returned it for a refund .
 This movie is composed of quick glimpses , not scenes , and consists mostly of talk . There is virtually no action of any kind in this four-and-a-half hour movie.The funeral at the end is as perfunctory as everything else . Contrary to the product description , there is no story of a reunion of characters at the funeral . Mostly , they appear driving their various cars to the funeral and , like a chorus , commenting on and explaining the actions that we have just been shown.The nasty-surprise ending gives a clue as to why the author may have written this book -- to gloat over the sexual prowess of one of the characters . Most viewers will find this revelation repulsive . If you make a guess as to why the author wrote such a story and then read the Mary Wesley biographical summary included with this DVD , you 'll probably find your guess vindicated . Viewers who do not share her prejudices will not enjoy this movie.Some of the `` characters '' like the twins and Walter are merely ciphers , not characters at all , not even caricatures . All the characters with the exception of Sophie are sociopaths . It 's true that there are sociopaths in the world , but they are relatively rare -LRB- at least they were rare in the past -RRB- . There is not a shred of humanity in any of these people . Some , I suppose , are intended to be `` quirky '' , but quirky does not have to be infuriating or obnoxious . The entire movie is an exhibition of contempt for human beings or at least contempt for the British upper-middle class . No doubt there are people who will agree with this assessment . They should enjoy this movie.Unlike other period movies , WWII is merely a device in this movie . It plays almost no role and hardly appears , except as drawn curtains , taped windows and some sound effects . The war seems to mean little to most of the characters . A couple of times , someone mourns for a dead cousin ; but since there was no evidence of positive regard between them before , the mourning hardly has any effect on the audience.Even the sex scenes are too cold-blooded to be erotic scenes , let alone love scenes . People casually hop into bed with no evidence of desire or other positive feelings . Consequently , they are ineffective as cinema.The music is appropriate
 I inititally wanted to watch this for one main reason -- I 'm a huge fan of Felicity Kendal , and the chance to see her in something with her former `` Good Neighbors '' co-star Paul Eddington was especially intriguing . And , reading the product description it looked fairly interesting . A period drama set during WWII . Just my cup of tea . Alas , it was not interesting at all . -LRB- To paraphrase Sophy , -LSB- who was describing her feelings about having her uncle put his hands up her skirt `` Not awful . Just boring . '' -RRB- The mini-series was , apparently , based on a ` best-selling novel ' , a ` best-seller ' that was , equally apparently , of the ` trashy ' variety , because it turned out to be a tale of a group of people who are completely wrapped up in sex . Every scene involves characters having sex , talking about having sex , talking about why they wo n't have sex , and planning to have sex.So -LSB- spoilers ahead -RSB- ... Helena is married to Richard , but has a long-standing affair with Max ... who manages to ALSO have sex , at some point , with every other female charcter . Richard has an equally long standing affair with Max 's wife , while at the same time molesting little children . Bleached blonde Calpyso wants to marry for money , -LRB- AND is ` saving herself for marriage ' -RRB- and quickly finds herself a Scottish laird to oblige her . -LRB- And she reminds the other charactesr , and us , at least 50 times that she married him ONLY for his money . -RRB- Having disposed of her virginity , she goes on to bed every other man she can find . Beautiful brunette Polly is fitted with a diaphragm -LRB- on camera -RRB- and goes on to put it to excellent use.In between several other love affairs , she discovers the joys of a menage with a pair of identical twins . Little Sophie never wears knickers when it 's hot outside , has a mad panic when flashed by a strange man on the path , but just finds it ` boring ' when Uncle Richard puts his hand up her skirt.And , to my amazement , since there was no mention of it on either the Amazon.com description OR the DVD packaging , this is all made all the more ` realistic ' by repeated -LRB- mostly gratuitous -RRB- scenes of full-frontal female nudity . -LRB- Creative camera angles obscure the men 's naughy bits , but the ladies -LSB- Felicity Kendal excepted -RSB- are viewed in all their glory . -RRB- This would have been tolerable if it had all be accompanied by a remotely interesting plot , or well-defined characterization , but there is no plot , and we do n't really learn much of anything about anyone . Oh , and they neglected to mention -LRB- in the modern parts -RRB- WHY Helena suddenly took to drinking , why everyone hates Paulie so much , and why even a non-practicing Jew would be buried with a Christian funeral rite in a Christian church and church-yard . On the positive side -LRB- searching for something good to say -RRB- , the Cornish scenery is lovely , and it IS quite well acted , for the most part.One more negative -- completely bare-bones DVDs . No extras of any kind , no subtitles , and no tv-based closed captioning .
 Special effects extravaganza , without a doubt . Very beautiful people , -LRB- especially Oded Fehr who adroitly delivers the only bearable character -RRB- . Otherwise , populated by shallow and stereotypic personages . Script hangs by a thread with tongue-in-cheek humor . Oded Fehr admonishes while Brandon Frasier smirks , Rachel Weiss bubbles , John Hannah whines , and Arnold Vosloo up-chucks . Just what you 'd expect on a roller-coaster ride .
 To call this movie funny or in any way resembling an Indiana Jones movie is a great mistake . Aside , from some impressive special effects , this movie has no redeeming qualities . I enjoy lighter cinematic fare as much as the next guy , but the script here is awful and the acting even worse . Do n't say I did n't tell you so !
 Unlike buying this product in retail stores , for some reason the Amazon copies of this title do not include the $ 7.50 free movie cash for Mummy 3 . Buyer beware !
 Just another mainstream sci-fi wanna-be-great film wrapped in a commercial packing . Watch it a dull sunday afternoon when there 's nothing else on tv , but not worth buying on dvd .
 This HD-DVD uses the same transfer as the standard DVD from 1999 . Although the increased resolution offers far more detail , defects such as dirt & film weave are now more apparent . The contrast seems to be artificially lifted , clipping details both in the high and low end of the image -LRB- The Universal logo at the beginning of the film never looked this ugly -RRB- , making it look processed and not film-like . Compared to reference HD-DVDs auch as `` King Kong '' this is a slightly below average transfer -LRB- 2/5 -RRB-
 I 'm still not sure whether this film was intended to be a spoof or not . If so , it lacked enough laughs to be considered as such . On the other hand , if it was intended as a serious horror film it also fell short of the mark . There was n't a single moment of tension . All in all , it was a bit like a carry on film . Not a patch on the Indiana Jones films .
 Like the reviews says , if you 're looking for a shallow , cheesy movie , this is the movie for you.Cliches ? Check . Annoying bad guy lackey ? Double check . Predictable plot , mostly a vehicle for special effects ? Check.I mean , you 've got a guy alone in a tunnel , and you need to grab his body , so you just grab his tongue and eyes ? Makes for some icky looking scenes as he tries to talk and wanders around blindly with bandages over his eyes , but I ca n't even begin to understand why , except for the icky scenes . Plus it gives the lackey a chance to show what an evil double crossing lackey he is . That 's the sort of movie this is.It 's Indiana Jones without good acting , but on the plus side it has cool special effects .
 Be carefully which version buy . Unlike other studios that offers both full and widescreen on the same DVD , Universal is dumb and greedy enough to release two versions . Check the right version before you buy . The full frame version must from the VHS tape master which is less detail and grainy compares to the widescreen version not to mention mutilated the film.The sound is the same for both films , which are good but not great . Wish they had DTS version instead of the full frame.Four stars for the widescreen version on audio and video.Three stars for the content as a decent B movie .
 The Mummy moves far too fast to be a good horror flick , and it 's far too predictable to be a good action movie . Substituting special effects for plot development and real acting , the Mummy will satisfy most viewers looking for mindless escapism . However , anyone looking for anything deeper will walk away disappointed . Save your money and go see the Sixth Sense while it 's still in the theaters .
 The trailer does an excellent job of bamboozling you into thinking this will be a spectacular movie . It 's attempt at comedy were near-insulting . The acting reminded me of high school drama . This movie is definitely for the younger folks . 2 stars for effects only .
 I was very disappointed in this movie . Too many typical scenes , an unconvinsing villian , a screwball hero and idiots all around him . It was more like a national lampoon version . I did like the way the mummy traveled , but I wish the story was better , and I wish there was more real wonder and a thought-provoking plot .
 to make fun of . This was a poor attempt at camp . The acting was way too over the top , the plot was paper thin . The special F/X were the only redeeming quality . If you truly want fun and camp rent `` Army of Darkness '' or `` Big Trouble in Little China '' . This one is n't worth it , unless it 's on cable late at night .
 The sheer number of 4 and 5 star reviews here has me worried for the future of civilization . Throughout the first half of this stinker , I was tempted several times to turn off the VCR and do something more interesting , like water the plants . After the dreadfully slow first hour , filled with dreadful dialogue and dreadful acting , the story started to pick up . But decent special effects ca n't save an awful script.The best scene was the one with the lead actress in a soaking wet dress . She was pretty cute , and tried her best with the lines she was given . She has potential , and hopefully will land in a better flm in the future . Brendan Frasier was an even less convincing action hero than Woody Allen would have been . Is this guy a bad actor or what?Please , people , do not buy this movie . Save your hard-earned cash for something truly worthwhile . Take your husband/wife to dinner . Buy your children an ice cream . ANYTHING !!! Or better yet , buy the original Raiders of the Lost Ark , the greatest action movie ever made .
 The movie is great in Blu-Ray as are almost all of them . Unfortunately , the Amazon version of this movie did not come with the movie discount for the new movie . Other stores have it for the same price so just buy it elsewhere and get the discount ticket . Wish Amazon would have disclosed that before I bought it .
 This was one of the worst movies ! I have seen to date ! If you enjoy this there is something truly wrong with you . How can one man get away from danger so much ?! Its special effects nothing more and a lot less ! Brendan Fraser is a bad actor with a soon to be short movie career ! Boo to the people that enjoy this movie ! Hooray to the people who understand what I mean !
 Words can not describe my excitement for this movie . However , five minutes into the movie a feeling of dread fell over me . My girlfriend leaned over to me and asked , `` Is this a comedy ? '' What happened here , this is supposed to be a horror movie , not a slapstick comedy . I enjoyed Steven Sommer 's Deep Rising , but this is ludicrous . Fraser churns out the typical Hollywood tough guy character . Rachel Weisz , is nice to look at , but not to listen to . The special effects are decent enough , but they seem to be more important in the movie than the actual conflict . This came out the same summer as the awful Austin Powers 2 , and the even worse Deep Blue Sea , t ` was a bleak summer for me . If it was n't for The Matrix , I would have given up on movies all together .
 Another example of a possibly good screenplay being totally ruined by bad direction and even worse editing . Buyer Beware !
 I was so bored , that 's all I can say . Actually , parts were funny because they tried hard to be scary or suspenseful . In my eyes this movie is a flop .
 AS I LIVE IN EUROPE , I HAVE N'T BEEN ABLE TO WATCH THIS BLU RAY DVD.THE FORMAT WAS NORMALLY `` ALL REGIONS '' BUT I GUESS THAT ONLY THE PEOPLE WITH A REGION 1 APPARATUS COULD WATCH IT . SO I SPENT MY MONEY FOR NOTHING . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT . I WANTED TO SEND IT BACK TO AMAZON BUT FINALLY I CHANGED MY MIND BECAUSE I WOULD I HAVE LOST MONEY .
 Why do people like to copy classic films?And why do people go to them .
 This was one of the WORST movies I have ever seen . We found ourselves laughing all the way through .
 Anything about Egypt conjures up visions of greatness and mystery . The movie , in spite of the special effects , is a big disappointment with its weak story , third rate acting and cheap humour .
 The Mummy is surely one of the worst films this year . This film proves , that some fancy computereffects ca n't save a stupid history with some ekstremly stupid acting . It tries to follow Indiana Jones all the way , but the result is so sad . I ` am very disapointed ...
 Typical formula movie . X number of car chases , X number of shoot-outs , X number of explosions . Good special effects ca n't save a movie with no suspense , no mystery , and no atmosphere . This movie bears no resemblance to the original . Save your money , this is a waste .
 This film is just plain bad , astoundingly so . The one liners were so stupid I was actually embarrassed for the actors that had to deliver them . And Brendan Fraser never even took off his shirt ! :-LRB- Someone please scrape this movie off the bottom of my shoe .
 As one of the other reviewers noted -- it frightens me that so many others thought so highly of this movie . Acting and story were terrible , pacing was worse -- even the FX were n't that great .
 My vote for worst movie of the year . I kept hopeing that all of the characters would get eaten by bugs or slaughtered by the pharohs guards ASAP as they were all so incredibly STUPID they might as well have been begging for it . Do n't even try to compare this piece of *** to Indiana Jones or Stargate . The scariest thing about this film is all of the 5-star ratings that I see here . I 'll really think twice next time before buying a film on the basis of one of these reviews . BTW , I sometimes think that professional movie critics are overly hard on some films for not being `` deep '' or intelectual enough . In this case though I think they were right on .
 The characters had no redeaming qualities . The special effects were good but could not save the movie . The actors played camp all the way .
 To sum it - I could have waited for this movie to go to Prime Time cable . It 's not even worth renting . The acting is awful and the budget of the movie went primarily to special effects . And if that was the case then the final scene of the monster dying was horribly done . Boy did the marketing department of this movie studio ever fool me . If I could give a zero star - I would .
 After viewing for about 10 minutes , I noticed a disagreeable odor being emitted from the disc . It was n't the disc , it was that stupid movie . If this is what passes for entertainment now days , we are in worse shape than I imagined .
 This movie sucks big time , although the special effects were OK . ILM could of done alot better . PLEASE STAY WELL CLEAR OF THIS FILM !! Would the producers of this film please promise us that they wo n't make a sequel . ILM please do n't work with these films . Their ruining your reputation .
 The original `` Mummy '' with Boris Karloff was not so much a horror film -LRB- though it had horrific elements -RRB- as a drama about a dead Egyptian trying to bring his belov&eacute;d back to life . Karloff 's performance is typical of his work , with strong characterization and a refusal to overplay . Karloff was at his most menacing when he was at his most subtle . * Universal 's attempt to reboot the `` Mummy '' franchise -LRB- the original series having produced some of the most God-awful films I 've ever seen -RRB- is a major misfire . Stephen Sommers talks of `` honoring '' the earlier films , but he dishonors the original with a `` remake '' that is n't remotely as good.Rudely stated , Sommers has no idea of how to make an effective horror and/or action film . You ca n't expect to frighten the audience with a persistently tongue-in-cheek , over-the-top tone . This tone is set at the beginning when Rachel Weisz knocks over a dozen huge bookcases , and never recovers . -LRB- The film , not Weisz . -RRB- It 's there merely for the sake of a laugh , and has nothing to do with Weisz 's character -LRB- who is / not / portrayed in the rest of the film as clumsy or ineffective -RRB- . There 's nothing wrong with humor as a tension-breaker -- but it has to be / earned / , by actually / establishing / tension in the first place . This problem could , in principle , be fixed with a rewrite -- but not when the director is also the writer.What 's far worse is that Sommers has no understanding of `` pace '' or `` focus '' . If you want to genuinely thrill the audience , you have to at least / occaisionally / slow down so that you can build up again . A roller coaster that 's / always / fast is no fun . Whatever `` The Mummy '' is , it 's / not / a roller-coaster ride.Like too many films , `` The Mummy '' moves at a persistently brisk -- and ultimately boring -- speed . This results in Sommers glossing over moments that ought to have the audience on the edge of its collective seat . For example , when Weisz opens the Black Book and reads the invocation that inadvertently reanimates Imhotep , IT IS NO DIFFERENT FROM ANY OTHER MOMENT IN THE FILM , when it / should / be played up for all it 's worth . You ca n't do this without preparing the audience , and that is n't possible when you 're rushing along . I 've never directed a movie , but I know / exactly / how to do this -- with the appropriate dialog , camera angles , use of close-ups , music , etc. , because I 've seen it done many times by infintitely-better directors . ** Sommers rips off Ray Harryhausen , but apparently has never bothered to study Harryhausen 's films . RH believed in the `` slow build '' , both in the film as a whole , and within sequences . In `` Jason and the Argonauts '' , seven skeletons pop out of the ground to wreak havoc . Harryhausen slowly / builds / the scene -- and ratchets up the tension -- until it explodes . In `` The Mummy '' 's comparable scene , with priest mummies popping out of the ground , there is no tension and release . They just pop out.Stephen Sommers is an incompetent director , the $ 400M gross of this film notwithstanding . `` The Mummy '' is a film to be watched once , as an object lesson in how / not / to make such films , then put aside . * When asked if he was bothered at being typecast , William Henry Pratt replied that it assured him of a paycheck . He earned that paycheck with performances he never needed to apologize for . Who says that because you 're starring in a horror film , you 're not obliged to act well ? Pratt did . ** Hitchcock comes to mind . In `` Psycho '' 's shower scene , Mrs Bates does n't just pop in and knife Marion -- the sequence / builds / to the murder . Similarly , the scene in which Marion 's sister enters the fruit cellar , walks over to Mrs Bates , and puts her hand on the old woman 's shoulder , has a terrific payoff that / the entire film / has been building up to .
 Has Stephen Sommers ever made a great film . Now , I 'm not talking about revolutionary because thats what this film did in terms of special effect use . I 'm talking about a movie that was to be cherished for several years down the road . I do n't believe so . Before this film I 'm not sure what he did , but not many people knew who he was . Since this film , most people know him as the guy who is still trying desperately hard to make a good film . Now Brendan Fraser is a good actor -LRB- in small doses -RRB- thats why he was enjoyable in Encino Man -LRB- crummy movie , but not much talking for him -RRB- . At times Brendan was amusing but a majority of the time his acting seemed like he was trying really hard to fit into his role and it was n't letting him in.Rachel Weisz is a beautiful woman with a great acting skill . I 'll leave it at that no complaints.Special Effects were at the time revolutionary . They did things previously unattempted . Of course Stephen did n't do these things , the eggheads at ILM did.At any rate this movie is kind of lame and just has gets on my nerves . The first few times it was a great movie to watch but like so many other films of its type it can only be watched a few times before it becomes quite obnoxious .
 This movie is just plain boring . The acting is flat , the ` special effects ' are n't , and it just seems to try to be to much ` Indiana Jones ' formula . Skip this one for sure .
 Avoid this film at all costs ! The special effects , the film 's only redeeming feature , are sub-par because they are used in a hideously predictable way . A horror film that does n't scare at all . Actors who are best suited for roles in the adult film industry and a script which was evidently buried in the desert and never found . Who the hell green-lighted this effects-laden dungheap ? I 've wasted my money on other film like Deep Impact and Conspiracy Theory , but this film was a waste of my time ! I could have spent those 125 minutes doing something else . Maximum Overdrive , the Emilio Estevez tour de force , was at least brainless fun . This film is just brainless . Do Hollywood a favor and buy or rent some pornography or Faces of Death instead of this cinematic black hole . Do n't give them your money ! -LRB- I saw this film for free and it still drained me of my valuable time . Do n't waste your life , do n't buy or rent this film ! -RRB-
 After watching the Mummy the entire cast of the movie should of been mummified and place in a crypt for eternity . The acting was horrible and the special effects were at best '' chessy '' . The Mummy in my opinion was the worst movie of 1999 . I would n't recommend this DVD .
 This film tries so hard to be an Indiana Jones action/comedy flick ... and it fails so badly.What fundamentally separates the Indiana Jones movies from this one is the way in which the movie treats the audience . Steven Spielberg and Harrison Ford started out with the idea that the audience had at least a modicum of intellectual capability . Much of the fun of the movie was in trying to determine where the film was going next and intrying to determine just how Indie would get himself out of this hairy situation . The historical and archaeological references , while in no sense of the word perfect , were , well , believable . `` The Mummy '' was not of the same caliber as the Indiana Jones movies . Every punch-line was telegraphed , every move by every character was predcitable and worst of all , it seems as if the film-makers went out of their way to insult our intelligence.Yes , yes , we are all a bunch of dim-witted paysans who can not understand the intricacies of -LRB- a false -RRB- ancient Egyptian culture . That is why it 's absolutely NECESSARY for us to TELL you everything that 's going on at this movie at every turn!I hated , and hate , this movie for everything it was and was n't .
 Anything about Egypt conjures up visions of greatness and mystery . The movie , in spite of the special effects , is a big disappointment with its weak story , third rate acting and cheap humour .
 This movie was good
 A huge disappointment . The creature was a poor `` Terminator '' rip-off . The acting was terrible , and the movie 's slapsticky tone was extremely annoying . One of the worst movies of the year !
 This movie is a joke ! I 'll admit that it has some neat effects but the film just flat out SUCKED ! They try and make the film funny when it should be serious which makes it even more stupid because of their `` funny '' jokes . Give me a break ! Only see this film if your willing to waste your money .
 I tire easily of movies that use special efforts as justification for their existence . `` The Mummy '' is just such a picture . I am of the opinion that special effects should be used like salt and pepper , i.e. , to be used sparingly to enhance the experience . However , just as I would never recommend a meal based on spices , I do n't recommend movies that have tons of special effects , but with a weak story line and weak acting.Leave this movie for the `` techies '' who have to have the `` latest and greatest '' in their technological whiz-bang world .
 What a stupid movie . Fit only for those without the ability to think
 When I saw this movie I was so grateful that the producers did n't waste any money on screenwriters directors or actors ... they sunk every penny into special effects ... is n't that what America wants ?
 A good example of what is wrong with Hollywood today . I have never looked at my watch more times during a movie in my life . Brendan Fraser is one of the worst actors ever .
 I am glad that I missed the threater release . This is one of the WORST movie . Cheesy acting , average special effect , stupid plot line ...
 Call it `` Indiana Jones and the Lost Book of Mummy Curses '' , this is the typical Hollywoodized remake , loud , lousy acting , lousy script , so-so directing with big , state of the art special effects . If one were to wipe away the shine , one would find a film of little artistic value , little intelligence and all the substance of a cheesy poof . The bland plot concerns a ditzy , clumsey librarian hot on the trail of a legendary Egyptian city ... yawn , in search of a golden book . Along for the ride are , her alcoholic brother , a typical Hollywood action psudo-stud , a moron clown side-kick , and a group of cowboy wannabes serving the purpose of being nothing more then food for the beast . And along the way this unlikely group gets attacked by everyone and their mother just so time can be consumed on worthless action sequences that really fail at their intended purpose ... to entertain . Every once in a while the director throws in a big , gaudy special effects scene merely to impress his thoughtless audience ... to gleam over the rough , pathetic story.It really does n't surprise me that this worthless film was embraced by American movie-goers , after all mindless tripe is what they eat up to begin with ... and those who truely loved this film , also liked `` Star Wars Episode 1 ... '' and `` Congo '' . My how America eats up the gasious dung served to it by the Hollywood machine . Intelligent persons beware , you 'll hate this flick . Jocks rejoice , heres another one for you !
 I HAVE WATCHED THIS FOOLISH MOVIE A MONTH AGO . IT 'S FOR FOOLISH PEOPLE WHO HAS NO TIME TO FINDOUT A BETTER MOVIE LIKE ME MY WIFE ASK ME WHY IT FOOLISH IS BECAUSE I HAVE NEVER SEEN A MUMMY !! WHICH SCARE OF A STUPID CAT IF TELL THE TRUTH THIS MOVIE HELPS EGYPT TO BRING SOME FOOLISH TOURISTS TO EGYPT . TOWN OF TERRORISM BY THE WAY I HOPE THERE WILL BE NO TERRORISM IN EGYPT SOON .
 The only good thing about this movie was the trailer . The trailer leads you to believe you 'll be horrified and well entertained . The movie is actually a horrible comedy and does not even come close to being interesting or entertaining . Filled with numerous Egyptian landscape errors , the sets look contrived and the effects are lackluster , save for the wind storm . What ever happened to using little models anyway ? Computer generated effects just do n't give the sense of realism as models . If you like poor acting , lame scripts and do n't care about accuracy in depicting the setting you might , just might like the movie .
 I can not believe I was sucked into watching the movie by their attention-grabbing trailer ! I saw all of these special effects and the Mummy - hey , I 'm into ancient civilizations , so why not ? After twenty minutes of this shallow plot , I could n't even squeeze a chuckle out of me . Good grief , what an insult to my intelligence ! I guess I can watch this if I have nothing better to do or if I wanted `` who-cares-if-it 's - stupid-I-just-want-to-be-entertained movie '' , but I 'm a busy person . What a waste of those great special effects over a dumb plot ! I felt conned , like an idiot
 This movie had potential for being good , however the desire to make money ruined that potential . What we 're left with is the generic tale of a mummy out for revenge .
 the acting was pretty cheesy , and the special effects were not at all realistic . Not a good movie at all .
 This movie at times seemed to parellel The Indiana Jones movies , down to near direct quotes `` I hate snakes '' however in The Mummy it was `` I hate bugs '' . Alot of the sets and costumes were Indiana Jones inspired.Not only were the actors as dry as the desert they were in , there were it seemed a series of endless shootout scenes , horses running , guns firing , dust flying . These action sequences are nothing more than time fillers and BOREING to watch . The humour in The Mummy was a total distraction and offset the mood of the entire film . It turned into this hokey comedy of sorts , which truely rings pathetic in my book.The romance and pychological aspects of the older monster movies is missing here . It has been replaced by mindless special effects , and what seemed like an endless array of confusing action sequences . Dull characters , dull storyline plus dazzling special effects equal dumb movie . You need more than cool effects !
 I figured that the reason I fell asleep the first time I tried to watch this movie was just because I was tired . Tried to watch it again and the same thing happened.Special affects were good . The rest of the movie just stunk . Plot holes to drive a truck through . poor acting and some of the worst dialogue I 've ever heard were enough to move this into my list of all time worst movies.Of course the inane premise should have been enough to warn me off . Let me sum it up . Egyptian High Priest is screwing around with the Pharoah 's mistress . He does this out in the open where Pharoah can walk in . Pharoah comes in and with his bodygaurds right behind him . The kill him.What do they do to punish this high priest ? They put a curse on him where if he is ever released , he will be the most powerful creature to ever walk the planet and end all life as we know it . Ummmm ... Why not just torture him for a while and then kill him ...
 This time-waster is the movie-making equivalent of food poisoning . It stunningly shows how a studio helmed by bean-counting MBA 's with no sense of creative originality or principles can foist mind-numbing drivel on audiences . The script ca n't rise to the level of `` derivitive '' and is nothing more than first-class theft turned into third-class filming . Curse of the Pharoahs ? They stole it from The Abominable Dr. Phibes -LRB- which was handled more originally , intriguingly and entertainingly -RRB- ; Flesh-burrowing bugs that kill ? That was the cockroach episode from The X-Files a few seasons ago . Even the computer generated `` Mummy '' was merely The Terminator stolen and covered in goo ... and that 's just three shining examples . The dialogue is a study in redundancy
 The fact that this movie has been compared to Raiders of the Lost Ark is sacrilege . This is a pale imitation of several different -LRB- and better -RRB- films made by people who seem to think that special effects make a good substitute for an original story and decent characterisation . The stereotyping of the characters is annoying and offensive . The Egyptians are all dirty and rude , the Americans are gun-crazy rambo 's , the English are bumbling idiots -LRB- we 're not all librarians you know ! -RRB- . Rachel Weisz and John Hannah were painful to watch at times . The most interesting character was Ardeth Bey who only had a small supporting role . Completely disappointing - it could 've been so much better .
 OK . Brendon Frasier ca n't act , so they came up with a supporting cast that would n't make him look too bad . Translation
 I welcomed ` The Mummy ' with open arms and I really tried to enjoy it . I thought that dark tombs and egyptian curses would be perfect for a horror film . However the director had other plans . This film is a big disappointment which is largely because of its blend of horror and comedy which regularly kicks itself in the face . The jokes and humour are similar to that found in the Disney movies and the horror is just a load of cliches such as a thunder strike when someone mentions the egyptian curse . This film is basically for kids , however the 15 certificate totally leaves out its unfortunate targeted audience . When you watch this film , you can almost feel the embarassment of the director when he first watched this film with a group of people . The film is laughably bad and only did well at the box office because people did n't expect this . Sure , the effects are good but good effects ca n't save this film from its premature death . I ca n't believe so many people rated this film with 5 stars . Please do n't waste your money on this DVD , go and buy a good film such as ` The Matrix ' or any one of the Jerry Bruckheimer/Don Simpson films -LRB- Con Air , The Rock , Crimson Tide , Armageddon , Enemy of the State -RRB- , but do n't buy this , do n't even bother renting it .
 I purchased the original Movie but was sent the second movie of the Mummy series . Very disappointed ! The movie works fine just not what I wanted!Not worth paying the shipping and sending it back for the correct movie ... I was definately taken on this one ! I would have to say BEWARE of this seller !
 Please tell me it has n't come to this ... Embarassing film with wooden acting and generic , `` by-the-numbers '' direction and visuals ... Avoid like a plague of poorly done computer bugs ... This is what is wrong with American filmmaking these days ...
 For 2 hours I sat there , wishing that this movie would get better , but it never did . The `` scary '' bits were so contrived and cliched that I could tell exactly when someone was going to jump out of a coffin and yell ` Boo ! ' . The `` comedy '' in this film was completely unfunny , the acting was inept , the story would have been written better by any four year old , the script ... well , let 's just say that there was n't a single thing I enjoyed in this film.All I have to say is , if you want to see a horror movie , see something like Night of the Living Dead , The Haunting -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , or the original Mummy with Boris Karloff instead . If you want to see an adventure movie , watch Indiana Jones movies instead . If you want to see a good horror/comedy , see Dead Alive , Bad Taste or Evil Dead instead . In any case , this movie is inferior to them all.I would have given this film 3 stars if the mummy won in the end , and had killed those irritating excuses for a hero and heroine , but I guess this is one movie that does n't deserve a happy ending .
 the only thing you get here is special effects . the story is weak if i have ever seen one and Brenden Fraser is a really bad actor . do n't see it !
 I 'd have to say even a totally hyped film such as Phantom Menace is better than this . Where 's the story ? I watched half of it and then turned it off . It 's now sitting in an auction where I hope someone will actually be it off me . Try The Matrix instead which I also bought , but thought was actually quite good .
 I 've no idea how people rate this movie more than a single star . I heard about the special effects before I seen the movie and expected something impressive . What I got however , was terrible special effects that I could have produced on an Amiga 10 years ago -LRB- the beetles floating on top of the ground for example -RRB- . OK the face in the sand was quite good , but that was it . It has none of the pace or humour of the Indiana Jones series . Anyone who 's looking for a '90s Indiana Jones should wait for the fabled Fate of Atlantis .
 There is not much of anything good I can say about The Mummy . The truth is , Brendan Fraser ca n't carry a movie . The creative team behind the movie knew this , so they tried to jazz it up with lots of hokey special effects . The script was even worse . I do have one question , why did n't they show all of the plagues instead of only like four of them ? But , anyway , this movie was just another let down in the mold of Godzilla -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , because I was really looking forward to its release , but the hype was too much and the result was a horrible waste of my time and money .
 The Mummy borrows heavily from Indiana Jones , just look at the heros clothing . The story is about some ancient bad guy Imothep -LRB- Vosloo -RRB- that kills the Farao and meets his end in a most cruel way.The story starts when Egyptologist Evelyn -LRB- Weisz -RRB- discovers a map to a lost city and hires the bold adventurer O'Conell -LRB- Fraser -RRB- . Once at the lost city Evelyn unlocks the tomb of Imothep the evil Imothep.The old mummy is -LRB- mad -RRB- and quite hungry for love , so he decides that he wants his old girlfriend -LRB- which by the way was the Faraos wife -RRB- returned to life . During his attempts to get his girlfriend back -LRB- he for some reason believe Evelyn is a reincarnation of her -RRB- , he among other things release 10 plagues on Egypt and mannages to kill off alot of people . The movie also includes alot of flesheating bugs.The movie have to be seen in a humoristic light , but even when viewed as such it falls short . Fraser is certainly no Indiana Jones no matter how hard he tries he simply lacks the right stuff , and no matter how many special effects are used the movie never reaches the level of movies like Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
 I wish I could put into words how horrible the movie was . I only watched half the film before falling asleep . And another thing ; I know why there are so many reviews saying that it is better in widescreen . The answer is it takes up less of your screen . It is so bad that I rooted for the people to die .
 The Mummy , unlike The Matrix , this is one of those movies that is built around the special effects and not the story . Someone must have had a no brainer , `` we got all this cool computer special effect stuff , now all we need is a story '' 1 +1 = 2 , right ? . Wrong . Sadly the advancent of special effects have given the writers more room for error and lazyness than ever before . This was unfortunately one of the first movies i saw on dvd , i could has seen it on a black and white portable pocket tv and it would have not made a difference . The story was incredibly weak and uninteresting , the characters were so cliche i doubt it could have kept my 5 year old cousin 's attention for more than a few seconds . The only reason i give it 2 stars instead of 1 is because of the special effects which were magnificent . Unfortunately the gap between the effects and the story was colossal to say the least . Please do n't encourage bad movie making like this by giving your time or money .
 The original is much better , at least in terms of including a few unexpected twists and turns . If you want to know what is going to happen next in this cgi `` masterpiece '' , just apply the following formula ... what new element has just been introduced to the picture ? how might it suddenly spring to life and kill someone ? The scene with the scarab beetle being picked off the wall is a good example.BORING !!!!
 This movie is absolute crap ! I just watched it , and I ca n't possibly express how disgusted I am with all this wasted time I can never get back . I almost want to cry . To begin with , the special effects are the best thing in the movie , and even they suck . The plot basically consists of a bunch of people dying and no one seeming to care , and a bunch of bugs running around . That this apathetic waste of space would be geared towards kids -- or anyone for that matter -- makes me physically ill . Never , ever watch this ! I ca n't believe some people like this ! Between the swiss cheese plot and unimaginative storytelling , I 'd rather watch grass grow . Please , please , please stay away from this movie !
 I was n't expecting a _ Citizen Kane _ or _ The Third Man _ , but still this was lame . I tried to enjoy as escapism ; I could n't even enjoy it as camp . Let me explain the reasons .1 . This has to be the most haphazardly directed movie I have ever seen . I mean one second we are watching Imhotep , the next a car is crashing into a fire hydrant -LRB- I do n't think they had fire hydrants in Cairo in the '20s either -RRB- .2 . In the very first action sequence , we have the hero standing right out in the open , yet bullets fly by him outside of a radius of 6 feet . He , of course , manages to shoot everyone .3 . The is a scene where a biplane crashes into a pit of quicksand in the middle of the desert . Hello , you need water to have quicksand ! There is very little water in the desert .4 . Oh , yes the beginning sequence , where we are give an overview of Thebes . Seems that the great city of old is populated entirely by badly animated CGI people .5 . The good guys are trapped by a mob of hypnotized Egyptians . Imhotep comes and takes the `` heroine '' away . Then sets the mob to kill our heros . The Brendan Fraser realizes that he can escape by a conviently place manhole .6 . The `` climax '' has Fraser chopping through hordes of zombies with an ancient Egyptian sword . Even if you assume the sword was in perfect share , very few weapones would cut of a limb with one strike .7 . Gee , I could n't predict that the Arab warden was going to die . I always assume that the stereotypical , racial minority sidekicks would live through the film .
 I got you guys all figured out . You WANT to hear that this is a good , 4 or 5 star movie . A lemming has better taste when it comes to films , believe me . This movie can not compare to Stargate or Raiders of the Lost Ark. . This movie is just another example that Hollywood prefers special effects over story . I was able to watch the whole movie without much trouble , but everything was so cliche and stereotyped . As far as horror , there was none -- nothing on the point of burying your face in your hands . In my mind , a really good film is one that you remember a LONG time after you 've seen it . Not so with this film . In fact , I only thought about writing this review because I heard that a sequel was coming out . Now the reason why I did n't give this movie one star was because there were a FEW parts that I found interesting . I thought that the use of mirrors for Egyptian lighting was pretty neat . Also , I liked the part where the different plagues happen again . But other than that , this movie does n't have much replay value . Keep looking . Keep looking . You 're life is too short to be spending it on movies like this ...
 This was possibly the worst movie I have seen in a long time . Very few films manage to get everything wrong , but this one did . Expect a weak plot and a poor computer generated setting laced with general inaccuracies . There are a few moments of good acting with some characters , but they are canceled out by the horrible ` acting ' of characters such as the mummy , which stares at a character for ten seconds , then growls .
 If you do n't have a DTS decoder on your receiver , then do n't even bother . The 5.1 audio on this disc is DTS ONLY , with the only Dolby audio being a lousy Dolby Pro-Logic 2.0 mix . Hardly the `` Purest Digital Sound Available '' that it falsely claims on the back of the box . Yeah ... `` purest '' IF you have DTS equipment . Had I known this beforehand I would n't have bought it . Of course , who would even think to check since just about every DVD ever made has had a 5.1 channel . What is especially insulting is that the main menu audio is in 5.1 . It would have been nice to have a warning or disclaimer on the box . What 's the point of a hi-def format when muddy , bogus 2-channel audio is all that 's available for someone with a Dolby Digital setup ? Especially since its available on the standard -LRB- and supposedly inferior ? -RRB- DVD release ? Do they want us to buy a new $ 300 receiver just to play one movie ? What a joke . If you only have a Dolby setup , avoid this release .
 Is this what movies are coming to ? I learned nothing aboutancient times , or the characters , or even about kung fu ! This movieis MTV blurspeed editing that adds nothing to the viewing experience but a headache . This was nonstop movement , NOT action . Add to this visual noise an over the top sountrack that tells us morons stupid enough to watch this ... how we 're supposed to feel . I could n't wait for the music to let me know the climactic ending was coming -- dunt dunt Tah DAHHHHH . But wait , that climax was just a teaser , now there 's another , Tahhh DAAHHHHH , and another and another and another ... I thought it would never end . So what 's the plot ? Who knows ? I was n't supposed to wonder about that as I was getting clubbed over the head with the BIGGEST and MOST action -LRB- movement -RRB- the ancient world has ever known !
 The gets thrown into the mix with films like `` Fight Club '' and such . Obviously , the makers already new that it would n't be hit . With the Mummy , casting Fraiser was a bad idea . Everyone is used to seeing him as a dopey yet cute character in movies like `` George of the Jungle '' and `` Blast From the Past '' . I think after the making the total flop `` Dudley Do-Right '' , Fraiser wanted to play a different kind of character . Well too late , cause everyone is used to the regular kinds of characters he plays . I was not very impressed because of this fact .
 Visual effects aside , this movie was really quite dumb . My eleven year old twins enjoyed it and that was about the intellectual level the film . It seemed like Brendan Frazier was n't quite sure if the film should be a comedy or a horror show . It seemed as though he was n't quite sure how to act , funny or scared . It was quite violent at times and too many people died . I would not rent it again . If it was n't for the visual effects -- I would have rated the film 1 star .
 This movie is terrible in every way . Dont let the flashy special fx fool you ! How people can enjoy bad acting , patheticly thin plots and bad artistic direction is beyond me . Do yourself a favor , STAY AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE .
 Unlike every other retailer , Amazon 's Universal DVD 's do NOT include the $ 7.50 in movie cash , and you will not find out until you open it . Thus you ca n't return it . Do n't buy from Amazon , go to Sams - $ 19.23 or Circuit City or Best Buy .
 It was good the only thing I didnt like was the picture on our TV . I dont know to much about DVD movies but the picture was half on the screen . What gives ? Movie seemed to fake
 this is so called the new remake of the older Mummy Films.The acting is really bad , cause the director concentrated most only in the special effects.The one truth Mummy movie is `` THE MUMMY 1932 with Boris Karloff as Imhotep '' .
 this was an extremely bad movie , just awful . no character development , no plot , just sheesy effects . if you can think then i do not recommend this movie .
 I bought The Mummy thinking that I 'd get an entertaining/exciting action movie ... was I sorely mistaken ! No amount of special fx this movie throws at you is able overcome the lingering nausea induced by a childish plot and corny Airplane-esque humor . I actually felt deeply embarrassed for the director and cast.I give The Mummy one star for its use as great kindling .
 I have n't received the item above , yet have had two emails to review it . If you 've sent it , please verify that it has really gone out . If not , please do n't send me another email . Thanks .
 Thie is definitely one of the worst pieces of cinematic trash that it has ever been my misfor - tune to see ,
 This movie was completely goofy , nerdy and stupid . It does n't hold a candle to any Indiana Jones film . The only part that was scary was how lame it was .
 This film is one in a long line of films hyped to the point where the public is brainwashed into seeing it . The premise of The Mummy seemed simple enough , remake a classic feature in the Universal Pictures archives , throw in some low budget stars , hire the guy who do effects on Star Wars and you ca n't miss . Well , even that was n't enough to make the film flimsy.Brendan Fraser is Rick O'Connell , a man of adventure who pretty much has to be cajoled by John Carnohan and his sister Evelyn to help them in their quest to find the tomb of Imhotep . Upon finding the tomb , they not only break a sacred seal , but unleash the mummy who must collect various incanter beacons to return to his full flesh form.First of all , Brendan Fraser is not an action hero ! He has about as much clout as Keanu Reeves . Not once did I believe that this guy could be an action star . It seemed that this was Brendan saying `` All right ! I 'll never be Indiana Jones , but here 's as close as I 'll ever get ! `` The pacing of the story and other characters also fall through , the comedy relief is tepid , as is Rachel Weisz as Evelyn . Like a character out of thet Indiana Jones series , she is the girl who is the misfit who eventually turns out beuatiful in the end , but she has a major attitude problem towards the leading man -LRB- think Willie Scott from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom -RRB- . The only saving grace for this film that gave it 2 stars was the effects work by Industrial Light & Magic . The Mummy is about the most recognizable full-body motion capture figure since ILM created the T-1000 for Terminator 2 .
 This movie is a tipical teenager blockbuster
 I agree with the other gentleman about this being nothing more than a way of doing Indiana Jones all over again . You can see it all over the movie , # 1 and # 2 . Special Effects were very good , but the rest was like watching Harrison Ford again .
 This movie would have been good if they did n't add comedy in suspenseful parts . DO N'T BUY THIS . RENT IT ! BLOCKBUSTER IS GOOD .
 this is a boring atempt to make an indiana jones movie it fails at trying to make classic one liners and brendon fraiser aint no indiana jones ...
 Just another average movie out of Hollywood ... nothing special
 I was LOL throughout most of this flick and had no remorse about hitting the rewind a full 10 minutes before the finale . With predictable transparent characters and recycled story lines , this movie plays more like a spoof than an actual sci-fi thriller . Some good special effects seem woefully out of place when draped on a sophomoric story line , like icing on stale cake . The best thing about the video is 1 -RRB- i did n't waste my money at the box office and 2 -RRB- it 's fair warning about the sequel .
 Bought bags of Raisenettes and M&M Peanuts to enjoy this movie with ... 30 minutes into it and I could n't wait for it to end . I hate this movie ! One of my top 5 all-time bad films . Painful to sit thru !
 This would 've made a nice cartoon . As a movie -- nuh uh.Too hokey the way they did it . WAAAAAAYYYYY too hokey.Oh , and the 25 year old Playboyesque hottie as the `` archaeologist '' -- oh yeah , that 's believable . Like I said , it 's a cartoon . Not a movie .
 This film is the worst I 've seen all year!To think that this made over 100 million dollars at the box office makes me sick!Terrible acting , directing , script , and some of the worst characterization I have ever seen.Ed Wood could make a more emtrtaining film!The movie 's only asset are the so-so special effects.A five year old could make a better movie!Save your money or buy the original Boris Karloff version instead .
 The effects here are sometimes fantastic , though hardly crisp . The dialogue is wretched , and the acting only slightly better . Somehow , it 's still almost mildly entertaining - though probably best saved for the Fraser diehards .
 I was unlucky enough to have seen this movie in the theaters . I should 've waited for it to come out on video . NO ! I should 've waited for it to premiere on network TV had I known it was going to be this bad . `` The Mummy '' is basically an exercise in special effects , and nothing more . At least they could 've included something of a plot , but it was nowhere to be found . People said I should see it merely for the effects , although after seeing it , I did n't think they were any better than `` The Matrix '' . I do n't care for the acting , either . It 's an example of what poor casting can do to a film . Now for my attack on the MPAA , I felt that the level of violence in this film was too much for a PG-13 rating . If you disagree with me , then take a close look at the R rated film `` The Matrix '' and decide for yourself which is worse .
 IF I HAD KNOWN WHAT I SAW ON THIS MOVIE I WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT IT . IT WAS NOTHING LIKE THE OLDER MOVIES OF THE MUMMY THAT HELD YOUR INTERST . THIS MOVIE WAS ENTIRELY TOO DULL .
 The Mummy fails to capture the same wonder and excitement of the Indiana Jones movies which it tries so obviously hard to do.This movie never really gets off the ground .
 Please ... the mummy was one of the tackist movies i have ever seen . It had great speical effects and that is where i will stop on the positive commments . It had terrible acting and it also was not belivable . I thought that the movie was also supposed to be `` scary '' but i found myself laughing during the `` scary '' parts . One of Brendon Fraiser 's worst movies since George of the Jungle .
 Whoever did the preview for this film should be paid well because they managed to make this film look promising , unfortunately this is an expensive bomb that misses on all categories except special effects . The positives are that the special effects , costumes and sets are all very good . However , the story starts out okay but soon enough fades into cliches and a chaotic swirl that seems to exist just so they can throw in corny humor and unneeded violence . The characters are terribly tiring and annoying , I kept hoping the story would improve and redeem this film , but it did n't . The constant dumb humor kept getting in the way any kind of eerie or exciting moods that might have been created . Universal should be ashamed , they had the money and the time and instead of putting out a modern horror classic they put a big stinker that that tries to combine Indiana Jones with Army of Darkness , but fails miserably . Avoid this film and watch either the 30 's classic or the first Hammer Mummy film .
 This is the lamest movie I 've ever seen . I cant belive people actually like this . The scrypt is absolutely moronic .
 I feel that The Mummy , just the name itself implies an action thriller . The special effects were good , but that does n't make a movie good . The storyline was ok , but the persistent comedy was annoying . Not that it was n't funny , but when I go to see a movie called `` The Mummy '' , you would think its an indiana jones type thriller . Indiana jones had comical moments , but nothing like in the mummy . Overall , the comedy detracted from the quality of the movie as a whole .
 When I read those previews I thought that this was one of those good movies , scary , good story and everything . So I watched it , but I have n't seen the end because I was so bored . The first thing I hated was that I thought that this movie was scary , but is was so not !! I think it can better renamed to a comedy or something like that . And those effects were not so great eather . Fake and not very scary . The scenes were not very good to follow . In one scene they were almost caught , the next scene they were already in their hotel . What 's that about ?? Well I hope I 'm not too negative , but I have a dozen friends who think the same like me . Massol
 This movie follows the footsteps of movies such as `` Twister '' and `` Juracic Park '' - rich in effects and no substance . Come on , formula such as `` a girl screw up a spell requiring a handsome guy to rescue her '' is overused . Of course at the end the treasures are lost . Despite some fun moments , this is a one-time rental .
 I watched this movie in the theater , and fell asleep . I thought Id give it a second chance , so I rented it . I fell asleep again . Not only does this movie seem to drag on forever , the acting is horrible and the plot and characters are dumb . Thats the best word to describe this movie . Dumb .
 Brendan Fraser was the wrong person for the leading role in this movie , he made this movie hokey/cheesy .
 The MUMMY has great digital effects and stunning production values . However , great effects alone do not make a good movie . The script is tongue-in-cheek , often played for laughs . Therefore the element of surprise and horror is often compromised . The chracters are often irritating.The only exception is Arnold Vosloo as the title chracter who is is given litte to do . Brendan Frazer as a gun totting , loud mouth hero who shoots at any thing that moves -LRB- even a wind storm -RRB- is hammy . It is hard to believe this is the same actor who turned in such a fine performance in GODS AND MONSTERS . I will give Fraser the benifit of doubt and blame the script and direction . The other chracters are just as predictable . The DVD , however will not disappoint movie fans . Every detail involved in the making of THE MUMMY is explored . A good commentary track , a 50 minute documentary on the digital effects is better than the film . Jerry Goldsmith 's music score -LRB- which I enjoyed -RRB- is presented on its own over the language menu . Unfortunatly you can not skip ahead , back or pause the music track , otherwise it resumes from the begining . Get the MUMMY DVD if you enjoy learning about movies are made . But in my opinion , the movie alone is not worth repeating .
 The MUMMY has great digital effects and stunning production values . However , great effects alone do not make a good movie . The script is tongue-in-cheek , often played for laughs . Therefore the element of surprise and horror is often compromised . The chracters are often irritating.The only exception is Arnold Vosloo as the title chracter who is is given litte to do . Brendan Frazer as a gun totting , loud mouth hero who shoots at any thing that moves -LRB- even a wind storm -RRB- is hammy . It is hard to believe this is the same actor who turned in such a fine performance in GODS AND MONSTERS . I will give Fraser the benifit of doubt and blame the script and direction . The other chracters are just as predictable . The DVD , however will not disappoint movie fans . Every detail involved in the making of THE MUMMY is explored . A good commentary track , a 50 minute documentary on the digital effects is better than the film . Jerry Goldsmith 's music score -LRB- which I enjoyed -RRB- is presented on its own over the language menu . Unfortunatly you can not skip ahead , back or pause the music track , otherwise it resumes from the begining . Get the MUMMY DVD if you enjoy learning about movies are made . But in my opinion , the movie alone is not worth repeating .
 Hey Universal -LRB- and other studios -RRB- , why not put both widescreen & full frame on the DVD like they began doing . I just bought the DVD and it turned out to be the less desired butchered full frame , so I will return it . Why confuse everyone rather than educate those with the better widescreen version showing everything .
 For the life of me , I will never understand the craze about this film . The acting ranged from terrible to 2nd rate , the special effects were too heavy , character development was virtually nonexistent . For a film that has been called the next Indiana Jones , everything in this film is lesser than Speilberg 's and Lucas ' superb adventure trilogy . I mean , what the heck was up with this film anyway ? Brendan Fraser 's trying to be an action hero , but also a comedian , just did not work as he never neared achieving either goal . The deaths of several of the good characters had no effect , as we never really got to know them . Not once DURING THE ENTIRE MOVIE was I on the edge of my seat , though it was all I could do to not lean comfortably back and fall asleep in it . Okay , perhaps that 's an overstatement and a bit harsh , but this film is not as good as the critics say !
 What else does this movie have to offer besides sheesy special effects ? Certainly not a good script and good acting . It 's like , let 's hire some third rate actors and blow stuff up ! Yeah , yeah hahahahaha ! This movie was boreing ! I was expecting much more , this was a sheesy movie to say the least ! I felt mummified while watching it .
 This is another example of how Hollywood is using cheesy computer-generated special effects to substitute for plot . This movie is pure junk . The acting is abominable and the story line is stupid . Brandon Fraser looks good though . If you see it , see it just for him .
 I really did not care for this movie at all . The special effects are very impressive but it stops there . I found myself using the fast frame advance a lot in this movie and it was the first time I have ever seen it . Pointless dialog and dumb jokes interupted some decent action scenes and had no effect on the movie . I even think the Mummy himself was a little whimpy . Yeah he can make neat faces in the sand and he killed a few people but he never really kicked any butt . Maybe I am just compairing it to the Matrix . Glad I rented it . As far as the DVD I liked all of the extra 's it had on it . It is always fun to `` explore '' a new DVD .
 If you plan to view this DVD on your computer , be aware that you will be required to install PC Friendly software before you can view the film . This software contains , screen savers , postcards , games etc. so if that interests you then it is probably great for you . I for one resented being forced to do this since all I wanted was to add the movie to my collection of DVD 's .
 Well for me this movie had only one saving factor to it . And that is the special effects and the cool Mummy . I think the best way for me to describe the acting is it reminded me of a sitcom in it 's first few shows . The actors did n't seem to be comfortable with there characters and it just seemed flat . The one liners where pretty cheesy.All I can say is rent it , if you like it buy it . But do n't buy it without seeing it first .
 Could have been a great film . The charactors were not developed to where one could like them or feel empathy for them . The acting and -LRB- situation comedy ? -RRB- was a little hokey.Special effects were fun and very good , but the film missed the oldfashioned scare of the classic horror The Mummy . What a shame !! A lot of $ $ was spent on the film .
 Brenda Fraser , please go away ! I can not say this movie was mummy-rific or mummy-tastic , borrowing clever adjectives from some of the other reviewers . What I can say is that I am glad my roommate paid for the rental on this one.The dialogue was canned and the story was absolutely formulaic , to the point where even moderately initiated moviegoers could see the whole plot unfold in the first ten minutes of the `` film . `` Actual sample dialogue
 well , it is a kind of fun movie , i even bought the dvd and now i am looking for somebody dumb enough to buy it from me . sorry , but i can not understand what folks like about hollywood mass products , full of stupid action , stupid dialogues , and stupid plots , like a jump and run adventure game - a very easy way to spend your way after your successful lobotomy , but no real value . there is just no touch , no really interesting or dramatic moment where the movie gets a hold of you and just knocks you off your feet . please do not buy . watch , if thou wilt , but do n't thou buy this piece of brainlessness .
 The real life Imhotep was a master architect , the real father of medicine , and a high priest . How dare you give his name to this character , an adultorus muumy . How would you like it if Ben Franklin , Thomas Edison , and Albert Einstein were put in such degenerate light ? The movie may be funny but is not a comedy , therefore the intention was to smear the name of Imhotep . This makers of this movie should be tried and convicted for psychological warfare .
 Another case where they rely on special effects to make a story scary . Perhaps , they should have invested in a story that would scare someone . Great effects , but the script mixes buffoonish humour with state of the art effects . It does n't work . Questionable casting as well . this one is a dog , and its mummy 's a dog as well .
 This movie was a fleeting diversion , nothing more . And that 's about the only positive thing I can say about it . The story took forever to get started and was n't even worth waiting for and the characters were insufferable , especially that annoying guy who was in `` Deep Rising '' and the brother of that Frasier 's love interest . The movie would 've been better if the Mummy had offed him . The special effects are decent , I suppose but they 're not enough to make me want to watch this turkey again .
 This dvd does not play on my Pioneer Elite BDP-95FD . The machine loads the menus but none of the movie will play . The player has up-to-date firmware and is less than a year old.Might be a great transfer but more care should have been put into seeing that the DVD functioned on all blu-ray players or a warning should have been given about what was needed.Based on other reviews , this problem does not appear to be limited to Pioneer machines .
 Hollywood must think that fans of Horrormovies are Braindead , otherwise they would have choosen to use either the version proposed by Clive Barker or Joe Dante for the Remake of `` The Mummy `` Instead a mediocre script was choosen , and a less then mediocre actor , Brendan Fraser -LRB- George of the Jungle -RRB- was hired for the lead role and to top it all of , very bad CGI -LRB- Cheap Gimmicky Images ? -RRB- where used in this worthless Remake ! But I guess that 's all that is needed to have a Summer Blockbuster ?
 I feel always uneasy when I do n't appreciate a movie that almost everybody consider as a great achievement . And here , it comes again ... with this MUMMY thing . Why does one spend so much money for a so poor result ? For the mummy ... sorry , for the money of course ! Since I can not find a better reason , I do n't see why I could n't say that THE MUMMY is a bad movie . Nobody will be hurt and I wo n't feel guilty at all . So clean your ears folks and listen
 The Mummy is a parade of special effects set in a pseudo-Egyptian location , coupled with a comedy-oriented plot that barely hearkens back to the original horror masterpiece . Fraser is a slightly more intelligent George of the Jungle , while the plot rotates around the archaeological party set out to find and explore `` Hamunaptra '' , the Forbidden City where a great evil -LRB- the Mummy -RRB- is buried . Naturaly , the directors could not avoid the numerous misconceptions about the Black Land
 Although this movie is a fun ride with tongue-in-cheek dialogue , it did n't bother to get anything about ancient Egypt right . Considering it would n't have been that hard to get at least a few details correct , this lack of ANY historic accuracy ruined the movie for me . By the time the characters started talking about `` five canopic jars , '' I could n't stand it anymore , I had to turn to my date to say `` FOUR canopic jars ! '' And , what 's `` mummifying people alive ? '' Since step 1 of mummification is draining the body of blood , you would n't actually live through more than a few minutes of the process . The complete ignorance of Egypt , obstensibly the setting and motivation for the entire film , is extremely grating and offensive . Cute dialogue is nice , cool SFX is nice , but they are n't enough to get me to watch this one twice .
 I wanted to order the physical DVD sent to me and I went into the wrong place . I did not want the video showing on my computer . Therefore , I deleted it right away .
 I just watched my Blu-Ray version of The Mummy and was very disappointed . The definition was almost indistinguishable from the DVD ! If you 're looking for eye-popping high resolution , this movie does n't deliver . It looks like standard definition . Do n't believe me ? Try it yourself . Bummer .
 It was n't horrible but I found myself dosing off in the theater while watching it.It reminds me of what an Indiana Jones movie would be like if Steven Spielberg was n't involved in the production ! I did n't care for the computer generated appearance of the mummy either . To sum it up , it 's a movie that 's designed to be `` fun '' not scary and often gets boring .
 Boooooo !!! The best part of this movie was -LRB- of course -RRB- the visual effects . . If only they could find actors who could act and not shoot everything that moved ! I 'd recommend the origional ` Mummy ' -- MUCH more thrilling ...
 This was a reasonably bad movie , and the only possible reason for purchase is to test the excellent capibilities of a DVD player .
 I got this about a month ago and also had bought The Mummy Returns . I just got a HD DVD player in Feb. and it wo n't play on it or any other I have in the house . They had a piece of paper that came in the movie case and said that you machine may need to be updated . I went to the website and all they have is an announcement saying that they are n't making HD-DVD players anymore .
 Well , this is the one of the worst high budget movie I 've ever seen in my life . The ILM digital effects are the only aspect of the movie that is not totaly wrong ... -LRB- Bad Acting , Bad script , ... -RRB-
 I rented the Mummy hoping to see a serious movie with awesome special effects . What I got were great special effects , and a mismatched cast . Brendon Frazier -LRB- not sure of the spelling -RRB- was horrible in this movie . His comedic style completely ruined what could have been an awesome movie . I was expecting an `` Indiana Jones '' type movie , but what I got was Encino Man being chased by a mummy . I would encourage renting this movie for the special effects , but thats about it .
 Wicked Sister is an interesting movie starring two half sisters Chelsea and Misty Mundae . Misty plays the bad sister who gets her good sister Chelsea into some bad trouble at school and now they 're on the lam . Along the way the meet a crazy woman who wants to play a game with the two . An entertaining movie that is hampered by heavy editing.It 's okay , but get the unrated one instead .
 It just stinks ... . Could ` nt even watch all of it . Even the female nudity did not make it watchable ...
 This video had all the makings too be 5 stars , but unfortunatelty it was not remastered in Dolby 5.1 surround , which in this day in age is unexcusable . In fact this video was not even in Dolby 2.0 which was not playable on my surround sound system . I was able too play it on my good old TV speakers though . Yay !!! Do n't get me wrong I 'm a huge ATR fan but this video was a joke .
 First of all , I guess It was my fault , I did n't realize it was a DVD . Second , I did n't think much of it .
 On late nite TV on a B channel where it deserved to be . No recognizable plot . while the premise is two opposing spies involved in a joint prisoner trade who get double crossed , it is not an action movie , it is barely a buddie movie , and it is certainly not a suspense movie . The double cross is explained weakly . Some of the scene set ups were just stupid . It just repeated the same shtick over and over - spy buddies move from one location to another , bad spies chase them , spy buddies escape in a not really exciting way -- next scene .
 Can you say stinkburger ? Somebody forgot to write about half the script for this spy thriller set on the eve of the fall of the Soviet Union . Imagine a espionage movie where you not only do n't meet the bad guy , you only catch a glimpse of him early in the film.So why are aging U.S. investigator Sam Boyd -LRB- Hackman -RRB- and the recently-sprung-from-prison Russian spy Pyiotr Grushenko -LRB- Baryshnikov -RRB- cavorting buddy style through Berlin and Paris ? Well , it seems Boyd has been assigned to a hush-hush swap of Grushenko and 2 million dollars for a former U.S. war hero captured long ago by the Soviets . The transfer goes afoul , making captor and captive into a buddy team that does n't ever quite mesh . The CIA and the KGB -LRB- it is their `` company '' business the film takes its title from -RRB- bungle their way around the pair of uneasy comrades throughout Europe , trying to achieve something - we 're not quite sure what - since the value of this American pilot and his return are never really explained . If our intelligence agency is this stupid - we 're all in big trouble.Not even the considerable acting talents of Gene Hackman and the aging sex appeal of Mikhail Baryshnikov can provide enough interest to keep you from snoozing through this plotless wonder . Add in the totally forgettable debut of Geraldine Danon as Baryshnikov 's `` love interest '' who really is n't - and you 've got a `` Company Business '' that should never have gone public in the first place .
 Here 's a game for really long car journeys - see how many alternative titles you can remember for this one . At one time or another known as Dinosaurs , Patriots , False Passports and Russian Roulette - and there are a lot more where they came from - with Elliott Gould and Marsha Mason announced in supporting roles -LRB- neither is anywhere to be seen in the finished film -RRB- , Glasnost spy comedy-thriller Company Business appears to have been re-edited , reshot and retitled more times than anything this side of Heaven 's Gate before finally getting a brief US release to disastrous business.The scars and indecision do n't show too badly ; this looks like it was always this average and inoffensive , though what seemed already outdated when it opened now seems a little more wistful with some historical distance as a virtual period piece . Gene Hackman and Mikhail Baryshnikov -LRB- the latter looking surprisingly like a young Jimmy Cagney -RRB- are amiable in underwritten roles as the obsolete spies set up by their respective employees when a spy swap goes wrong , but Nicholas Meyer is better at directing architecture than people -LRB- the first half-hour features some of Ken Adams best production design of the 90s -RRB- and just ca n't think of an ending - after a chase across Germany and France , matters are tied up with almost absurd ease with a shootout followed by a nice meal on the Eiffel Tower . There are some mildly amusing moments along the way and it 's watchable in a TV-movie sort of way , but nothing more.The DVD has a reasonable but not outstanding 1.85:1 transfer and the theatrical trailer the only extra .
 I watched this despite bad reviews because I really wanted to see Baryshnikov in a feature film like this . And he does a great job . I 'm wondering why Hollywood never offered him more roles like this over the years , since he 's really quite good at it . Despite the chemistry of the actors , the movie is just very hokey and pointless . They try to make the story interesting by alluding to the extent of corruption within the U.S. government , but I think that 's all common knowledge these days and not really that shocking anymore . I was amused throughout the movie that the CIA and Russia were upset about losing 2 million dollars , because I kept thinking of scenes in Austin Powers when everyone is laughing at Dr. Evil for thinking 1 million dollars was a lot of money ... In short , this movie was just kind of juvenile and nothing extraordinary . Baryshnikov fans should be pleased though .
 Following on the wonderful Connections , and the somewhat disappointing Connections 2 , Burke launches into a scare fantasy which , 20 years later , we can see just how off his rocker he really was.His presentations are excellent , of course , which when I first saw them in the early-mid 90 's were very scary.In this production , he tells us about all of the warming related disasters coming our way , which , fortunately for us some 15 years later , none of which ever remotely came to pass . Included in this were :1997 -1999 , Massive drought in Ukraine and US
 Do n't even think of buying this DVD for a buck and a half , new or used . The film is a turkey , a television attempt to revive a failed play . Imagine a Neil Simon play without a single laugh , without a semblance of wit , without a glimmer of insight into the human condition . And you have London Suite . Why go into the details of the story ? It is n't Plaza Suite or California Suite . If you think the agonies of a man with a bad back are funny , this is made for you . Poor Madeline Kahn , being reduced in her mortal illness to taking a part in this disaster .
 I , choose a 1 star rating because it was NOT the kind of TRUE Steven Seagal DVD I like , it 's more like Sci-FI . I , would only recommend to people who like Sci-Fi DVD 's , but not to people who expect to see Steven Seagal in ACTION .
 I was wondering why this one still states it is a Seagal DVD . . Buyers beware ... read the reviews ... I did n't and ended up giving this one away . It was n't worth sending back .
 It gives me no pleasure to write the subject line , above . I love Steven Seagal films . They tend to be exciting , have some snappy dialogue , and often have great villains -LRB- Henry Silva , Basil Wallace -RRB- . But let me digress for a moment . In the 1970s , there was a film , The Green Berets , that was called `` the worst film of all time . '' I watched it recently and it was n't half bad . After all , it had The Duke and Aldo Ray in it . No , this Seagal excuse for an environmental diatribe is insulting to environmentalists , to oil companies , to Alaskan natives , and to horses!It portrays the Alaskans as so dumb that they claim horses came from the western hemisphere -LRB- they were introduced by the Spaniards -RRB- . I tried watching it recently , and could not finish it . It was just too dumb.My recommendation
 Just when you thought `` Samurai Deeper Kyo '' was taking a much-needed upturn in quality , the fourth volume takes an artistic nosedive right into the depths of schlock . Once again , it feels like the writers are pulling random snatches of the manga and pasting them together with the alcohol-fueled nightmares of a third-rate fantasy writer who has n't taken his Ritalin in the last week . In case you guessed , I did n't like it.Anyway , His Majesty 's identity has finally been revealed -- historical punching-boy Nobunaga Oda , who has been resurrected in a temporary body and now wants to conquer the world . Of course , he ends up fighting against Kyo , revealing that he 's also immune to Kyo 's ultimate sword technique . Meanwhile , Yuya is marched through a field of hallucinogenic flowers -LRB- they 're fun ! -RRB- to where Kyo 's body is hidden , Okuni 's secret identity is revealed , and Yukimura fights against the expert archer Basara while the forest burns.Oh , and Benitora decides to suicidally take on Nobunaga -- leading to another epic fight between Nobunaga and Kyo , which is unexpectedly interrupted by a character we have n't seen all season . But Akira has also turned against his former allies , and Yuya might end up dead as a result of his weird obsession with Kyo.I 'm starting to think that the people behind `` Samurai Deeper Kyo '' were just making stuff up at random by this point -- we 've got tree monsters , evil porn nurses , dramatic flashbacks that instantly get forgotten , forest fires that start and stop at random , and the most anticlimactic man-versus-monster fight in the history of anime . It feels like the writers were just trying to end the stupid arc as fast as possible.In fact , the entire first episode is so fractured and hyperactive that it 's hard to even figure out what 's going on -- and even after that , nothing makes much sense . The fight scenes have gotten kind of ridiculous -LRB- one of the Junishinsho just STANDS THERE while Yukimura sprints several yards and stabs him ! -RRB- , random stuff happens all the time -LRB- random fireballs from the sky ! -RRB- , and major plot developments get shoved to the side . Okuni turns out to be untrustworthy ? Eh , Kyo just sort of ignores that , 'cause she 's sorry now.The most insanely silly scene has to be when poor Yuya gets locked inside a block of ice , and just sits there FROZEN for about half an hour while Sakura natters on for no real reason . Seriously , how about unfreezing the heroine and THEN talking to her , huh?And all the characters seem to be doing stuff totally at random . Let 's see -- Benitora is suddenly going on suicide missions , Yukimura is LETTING himself get shot because suddenly he thinks he 's a `` bad guy , '' NOBODY cares about Okuni 's treachery , Akira reveals that he has an obsessive gay crush on Kyo -LRB- another one ?! -RRB- , and Yuya finally figures out who killed her brother ... and promptly stops caring about getting revenge . The only good character development is for Kyoshiro , who finally reveals his true power -LRB- and a very muscular chest -- topless assassins rule ! -RRB- . The one upside
 Just terrible and not worth the money . The fights are horrible and the fighters have very little skill . Puchase PRIDE instead where the best fighters in the WORLD come to fight .
 UFC 43 is a joke of an event . There is only one good fight which is the main event . The rest of the card is saved for no namers or fat has-beens such as Kimo and Tank . You can tell that all these guys have very little skill compared to the guys in Pride and sometimes are akin to fat barroom brawlers.Pride FC is the top organization in the world . Sadly , the UFC is far behind .
 I think that in its time -LRB- 50 + years ago -RRB- , `` The Ashphalt Jungle '' must have been a daring and innovative movie , but it 's been so comprehensively and competently ripped off since then -LRB- e.g. `` The Doberman Gang , '' `` Reservoir Dogs , '' and countless others -RRB- that it 's unlikely to strike a viewer these days as very powerful or memorable.I do n't think the writing of the film is as good as it 's thought to be . I guess I 'm one of those folks who feel that the `` Golden Age of Hollywood '' is a crock , and that movies are far better now
 this movie was terrible . i only give it abit of credit because it has two guys full frontal . one beefcake model and a emo/musician . the camera angle and plot where the worst . nothin too good about this movie
 ` Vapid ' is a micro-budgeted serial killer film with a dash of cannibalism . There is enough skill shown to produce a clear storyline and to generate a sense that with massive upgrades it could become a decent genre picture . The cast looks nice , even if many are not skilled actors . Be aware that the director , producer , writer , cinematographer , editor , and central character are one and the same person , Michael Haboush , who has done some interesting work in other films.Digitz -LRB- Haboush -RRB- , always shown in a distorted view , is a fat , unattractive construction worker who wants either to model or to photograph models . When established photographer B'Jesus -LRB- an over-the-top Mark Studner -RRB- belittles Digitz 's ambitions , Digitz has two henchmen kidnap B'Jesus and put him in a cage.Digitz goes into the business of photographing models , with the idea of eliminating the undeserving , vapid models who have usurped Digitz 's rightful place . Using a bogus bracelet with an eye motif , Digitz hypnotizes the models and has them kill themselves . The two solo male models are made to take their clothes off first . The two henchmen wrap the bodies in what looks like construction paper and drag the bodies through the streets to put in the cage to feed B'Jesus . Digitz comes into conflict with his boss , Beau -LRB- Paolo Carascon , Jr. -RRB- , and meets up with a model , Kate Crash , who gets out in time . B'Jesus escapes to transform himself improbably . Do Digitz and the henchmen get their come-uppance ? Watch and see.The models look nice and provide the most watchable segments . It was a pleasure to have Arthur Huber -LRB- ` Issues 101 ' , ` K-Hole ' , ` Slice of Terror ' -RRB- return , this time as a TV newscaster . ` Vapid ' has a tongue-in-cheek humor that comes through from time to time . The film lasts about 83 minutes . There are no extra features on the DVD.There is no sex shown . I do n't recall any bad language . The movie was filmed in West Hollywood , CA . I suspect this was a group of friends who put out an exploitation film for the fun of it . As such , it is a very good effort .
 overall this movie is horrible . for someone who practices martical arts myself , some of these scenes are almost insulting . espescially the kano vs. sonya scence . she obviously has no knowledge of any form of martial arts and watching her fight almost made me feel embarassed for her . the only thing this movie is good for is entertaining you when your completely gone from too much alcohol consumption .
 When you take a video game where the whole game is simply one-on-one fighting , there is not much story to go with . Apparently the makers of this movie simply accepted that fact and said `` so what ? `` The action scenes are at times enjoyable , at times laughable , and at times boring . But more importantly , there are other ways they could have worked the use of fight scenes into this movie . That 's one of the -LRB- few -RRB- things that they did better in the second film . Simply saying `` we 're here for a Mortal Kombat tournament '' is easy but uninteresting.That said , it is interesting the ways they worked in some of the elements of the games . Those would only really matter to fans of the plotless video game series .
 alright it had cool special effects but the video game is known for its violence - if you play the games right before you watch the movie you 'd swear it was Barneys great adventure !
 The film dose not have graphic violence in it like the video game does , because this is a kids movie .
 Before reading farther , know that I am a huge fan of many of the Mortal Kombat games eagerly awaiting Mortal Kombat Armageddon , but unfortunately the MK movies to date have sucked . Yes , this one too , and for many reasons.The first that comes to mind is that it is way too light-hearted compared to the games , and no I do n't mean only by lack of gore . The acting and script are just horrible . The games have a lot more to them than just `` good guys vs. bad guys , '' but this childish idea is implemented quite early in the movie as the nucleus of the plot . Liu Kang , Johnny Cage , and Sonya are immediately introduced as the `` good guys , '' for whom we 're forced to cheer whether we want to or not , and all three are as immature as typical cartoon protagonists . Liu Kang is supposed to be a Shaolin Monk , but he does not act , dress , or talk anything like one . He 's basically just an average guy you 'd meet walking down the street . Rayden 's advice sessions were pathetic , Sonya 's `` I do n't need your help '' attitude is WAY overdone , and Johnny Cage was so NOT humorous in any way . Are lines like `` Ca n't wait to see what the bathrooms look like , '' and `` You forgot good-looking '' really supposed to be amusing ? And if that guy Art Lean was really a friend of the group , why did they just stand there yelling like morons instead of trying to help him when Goro was about to kill him ? Almost everything about this movie is worse than the worst cartoons.The first approximately thirty minutes of the film focus on the story , but afterward it just shifts from one lame fight to another . There is no balance between story and fighting , something that movies should have . As for the fights , I still can not understand the choice to have Johnny Cage fight Scorpion and to have Sub-Zero fight Liu Kang . In the games there is absolutely no animosity or even interaction between Cage and Scorpion , or Liu Kang and Sub-Zero . Obviously the mentality is `` a good guy vs. a bad guy , '' but portraying Scorpion and Sub-Zero as slaves under Shang Tsung 's power is a deviation from the games more than a little too horrible . Obviously movies ca n't always follow things on which they 're based 100 % , but even taking that into consideration this still goes unpardonably too far . Sub-Zero and Scorpion , as the result of being placed on the `` bad guy '' side , are killed in their battles and only appear for a total of maybe ten minutes in the whole movie ! These two characters are arguably the gods and main idols of Mortal Kombat that made it so cool ! To have them in the movie as little as they did and explain absolutely nothing about them is INEXCUSABLE !!!!! The way the fights play out in this movie is just sickening . The Sonya vs. Kano fight was absolutely putrid . Obviously he had to go easy on her , but even doing so he still could have easily destroyed her . And are you REALLY trying to tell me that Kano would not have been able to take her legs off from around his neck ? Are you REALLY trying to tell me that she would have been able to take him to the ground and break his neck with HER LEGS ALONE ?? As Lord Rayden says many times in the movie `` I do n't think so . '' Gosh I would have loved for Kano to have killed her ... Alas , when Kano died , with him died nearly the only well-acted role in the film . As lame as this fight was though , others are just as bad . Johnny Cage meets Scorpion in some forest before their fight . No explanation is ever given as to why either was there . Did they like nature ? Did Rayden tell Cage to go there to find Scorpion ? Maybe Cage decided that he did n't like how the bathrooms looked and decided to go in the woods instead ? It remains a mystery ... Anyhow , after they warp to Scorpion 's mysterious lair and start fighting , Scorpion is clearly the better fighter . He gets so many more hits on Johnny Cage -LRB- as does Reptile on Liu Kang later -RRB- than Cage does on him that even for a movie , I have to laugh that Cage survived until the end . Why did Johnny Cage win this fight ? Let 's see ... Obviously he 's the good guy , so he has to win . How did he pull it off ? Scorpion takes off his mask and attacks with his fire . Johnny Cage escapes by finding a shield that in cartoon-style just happens to be conveniently lying right there . The shield blocks the flames . While Johnny Cage searches around for a weapon , Scorpion in cartoon super-villain style just stands there nearly 10 seconds , an eternity in any real-life or video game fight , and does nothing while Johnny Cage throws a harpoon at him . I repeat
 Once again , the poor review does not reflect my feelings for the movie . `` Mortal Kombat '' is simply the best ... scratch that ... the ONLY good movie based on a video game . There 's enough in it for fans and newcomers alike to enjoy . It 's a big , silly ninja movie that does n't take itself seriously , which is great.However , what 's with the ... DVD ? Trailors is what they offer us , nothing more ? No commentaries , deleted scenes , or even `` making of `` s?Well , forget it . Sod off , Mr. DVD Man . Buy the VHS copy , everyone , you 'll get everything out of it you need . Refuse to support lazy DVDs !
 What is there to say about this film you ask ? Nothing much sadly because the storyline is too simplistic and offers too many cliches . The character development is n't that great , and most of the action sequences are n't very well choreographed . The only real great fight scenes were with Lou Kang vs. Reptile and the fight with Johnny Cage vs. Scorpion , so it 's kind of a let down considering this film is based on a fighting game . The special effects in this movie are n't that impressive because you can tell it 's not real . The only great acting performance in this film was by Christopher Lambert as Raiden , but everyone else was n't really convincing in their roles . Overall , if you 're a die hard fan of the video game series then you might enjoy this , but I think you want see a better sci-fi action film , then see the Terminator series or the original Star Wars trilogy .
 Viewed
 This is the most terrible , emotionally offensive film ever created . After watching this movie , my eyes began to bulge from my head and limbs began to fall off . Watch this movie if you like the feeling of having your organs ruptured .
 I was dragged against my will to the local suburban theater to watch this tepidly dull and overtly violent film . Suffice it to say I left the theater about half way through this tedious exercise in patience . This is plainly J-U-N-K . It concerns the wildly popular video game and brings the characters to ` life ' or should I say , ` to death ' ? The fighting scenes are horrible , and there are too many of them and they are so violent that one becomes sickened by it all . There is also excessively loud techno music to add to the disaster . I would prefer watching the old Shaw brothers Kung-Fu movies better than this banal viewing .
 Anybody that would sit through something so stupid like this movie should be shot . I was not one of the other losers I have what they called taste in movies in this day and age and this is just flat out retarted . Its also a shame i have to give this movie 1 star it makes me feel as though i support this shi * in a way . I just wonder if the acting in it could be half as bad as the movie or the plotI wouldnt watch this if i was paid , Wake up America and today 's youth
 I ca n't believe that it has been 16 years since I last saw this in the theatres . Thanks to the clarity of Blu-Ray , the flaws in the CG animation is even more pronounced . Just watch for any scene involving Scorpion and his extension . There are even super-imposed images as special effects even in the mid-90s ! Cary Tagawa is over the top as an evil sorcerer . Robin Shou and company ca n't act to save their own lives . Even Christopher Lambert has a hilariously bad Christian Bale-Batman accent.Paul W.S. Anderson , where do I start ? This is his sophomore effort but yet it felt like amateur hour . His direction of the martial arts sequences stink . They do pale in comparison . His close-ups fail to capture the intensity of each hit . Anderson began his Hollywood career with this and now he 's type-cast into directing video game adaptations with absolutely no substance.Overall , this Blu-Ray is a sort of an upgrade in picture and sound quality from the DVD , but just like the Star Wars prequels , Blu-Ray clarity is a double-edged sword and it further erodes and downgrades the FX of latter days .
 Paper-thin plot , laughable acting , and bad fight scenes in which one can easily guess the winner . The only saving grace is the special effects and art direction , but that ca n't keep Mortal Kombat from being a crashing bore . Designed for 11-to-12 year old boys .
 I was into Mortal Kombat from a long time ago , I ca n't say I love it the same , but I still find the movie enjoyable . I had the VHS version prior to the DVD , and this DVD 's video is amazing -LRB- just like the other DVDs -RRB- . Everything was so clear and the blacks were , well , black.However , the audio was terrible . From a normal setting , the center channel had a lot of `` oomph '' I mean that literally to , when someone gets kicked , the `` oomph '' has some oomph ... and a LOT of it . Music is hardly audible because most music comes out of the left and right front channels . The left and right -LRB- front -RRB- were barely audible.I gave it 2 stars because although the movie was good , the video was good , audio was one of the main driving forces in this movie . It gave you the suspense , as well as the feel of Mortal Kombat , for all its worth ... but terrible audio gave a TERRIBLE viewing experience . On this one , I can safely say that the VHS is better ... on a normal receiver setting ... I drastically changed my dB settings on my receiver to give center channel a low volume while the front l/r 's a very very high volume . THEN , the DVD was better . BUT at an initial setting , the VHS was better.That however was the technical quality , the extras however did proove useful . It was a nice addition and being that it came from New Line , it had some nice extras .
 Okay , first thing 's first
 I got the `` Mortal Kombat '' case but the `` Last Tango in Paris '' DVD . I did n't bother to return because I do n't have time to ship it back but I am very displeased .
 I do n't really understand how this movie has such a good rating as it does . I 'm a fan of the MK video games ... have been since the arcade days . This movie messes up almost everywhere and even if I was n't a fan of MK ... it still is a dull and boring movie . Here are some of my points . Oh , by the way ... the blu-ray release , product quality , and amazon were fine . * possible spoilers * The first maybe 15 minutes of the film is good . It shows some back story of Liu Kang , Johnny Cage , and Sonya Blade . All very interesting , but once they board the ship to Shang Tsung 's Island it goes sour fast.I can not stand how they portrayed Scorpion . His spear bugs me to death . The way it has a mouth and chases Cage around the trees is ridiculous . Seriously ... who thought that would be a good change?Raiden . Oh my . This guy was so annoying . His forced smokers voice he used trying to sound all bad was unbearable . Raiden also came off as a douche bag to me . His one liners were embarrassing to listen to . Who would respect that god of lightning and thunder?The fight scenes were dull . When a fight scene began I 'd take my phone out and check the weather . I 'm serious ... I just wanted them to end . Most of the fights did n't make any sort of tactical sense . For example when Cage fights Goro the gives him the nut shot -LRB- props for using it movie -RRB- and Goro cries in pain and is vulnerable for a good 30 seconds . What does Cage do to the super tough untouchable Goro when an opportunity presents itself ? He runs ... he freaking runs away to a dead end on a side of a cliff . Great tactics ... makes no sense and makes the movie less unbelievable.Another thing is characters kept saying `` Flawless Victory '' When they won . Liu Kang got the crap kicked out of him and then ended up killing the guy , `` Flawless Victory ! '' , he says . No , sorry Kang , you 're wrong . A flawless victory would occur if you did n't get hit . He should have said Fatality there ! How do you mess that up ? Twice ... This is turning more into a rant than a review . If you are a MK fan then watch this movie just to make fun of and enjoy some of the short back story scenes . If you are not a fan , it is a pretty bad movie . There 's no point in wasting your time watching it.I have n't watched the sequel yet . I 'm going to soon and I noticed it has a bad rating ... this will be brutal .
 Paul Anderson 's hyper kinetically inane film take on Midway 's Mortal Kombat video game series leaves many things to be desired . The MK games themselves barely had an indistinguishable plot to begin with and definitely insufficient story to warrant one movie let alone two motion pictures . Given the film has a bargain basement semblance of a plot , hammy and obviously wooden performances , the supremely inexpressive Christopher Lambert as a wise-cracking Raiden , and marvelous special effects attempting to mask a stupendously empty shell of a movie , Mortal Kombat is nothing but typical Hollywood formula being injected into the trivial storyline of an uninventive video game . As for Anderson 's presentation of MK , he found an appropriate techno-rock soundtrack , physically similar performers to play the characters , accurate video game clothing , specifically correct character movements -LRB- Liu Kang 's Fireball , Johnny Cage 's Low Blow , Shan Tsung 's Morphing , and Reptile 's toxic Venom -RRB- , and impressive sets to lay the uninteresting action on . Not surprisingly the exact similarities that Mortal Kombat lifted from the games not only made it stylistically accurate but equally artistically destitute as well.In the end , we the audience are left with another calamity of a video game to film bust that will litter the walls of video stores for years to come . As for Mortal Kombat 's DVD edition , it has a fine wide screen or pan and scan presentation , the theatrical trailer , and scene selection . Ironically the options are as lame as the feature , but if I were you I 'd stay like you 're life your life depended on it.P.S . I 'd rather drink Crystal Pepsi than watch this movie .
 An adaptation of a popular game , but this is a poor film in which every fight scene has some irritating techno music . The f/x are not too bad , but this film is way too corny for me ...
 This is , of course , based on the video game of the same name . It 's about as much fun to watch as watching someone playing the game would be . You can regard yourself as having seen the whole movie once you 're five minutes into it
 this is something I pop in when I want to zone outthe only good thing about it is that it has christpoher lambert , and he is hot . that 's it.no talent was required to make this movie . even christopher lambert could have been better .
 This documentary looks at the world of men in host clubs . Somewhere in the description , they say the men are `` male geisha . '' This is true in that their job entails making the opposite sex happy in festive settings . However , geisha are trained to sing , dance , and play instruments ; these men seemed to just flirt . Also , I got the sense that geisha mostly worked for men older than them . The female clients here were young , probably same-age . I do n't want to continue demeaning stereotypes of Asians `` looking alike . '' Still , all the males here had dyed hair , were about the same weight , height , and age , and wore similar clothes . They did seem like clones of each other.This documentary is filmed in Osaka , rather than Tokyo . Too often , a country 's biggest city gets all the attention and the other towns are rendered invisible
 im giving two star for the begginning of the movie . as i started to get interested in the movie , it ended . very dissapointing . .
 The Nine Year old boy said '' Nobody can save you from santa claus . Christmasnight is the scariest night of the year ! Santa only brings presents to good children ! All naughty kids punishes ! You see santa claus ! you better run girl for cover ! Santa 's waiting for you to die ! Christmas Eve is slowly fading . Can you hear Santa at night looking and waiting for children like you ! Close the Door turn out the light ! Santa Claus going to bring a big suprize tonight ! Try not to bescare lizzie , Santa Claus would not hurt you ! Then again Santa claus is a mass murder then just beware Santa Claus here caming after you ! Santa Claus is caming to get you in your sleep ! Santa Claus love to kill children and nuns , adluts ! Santa Clausis a killer on Christmas eve ! Santa Claus chop off heads of little chidren and Children like us ! You are going to die by santa claus ! you are going to be killed Santa Claus on ChristmasEve just like the horror slasher ! '' On the school bus in 1984 ! what maded me watch the horror movie on channel 11 uncut ! I wasscared for a week of oringinal SilentNight , DeadlyNight sleepingmy bed with the lights on holding my stuff animal and blanket ! I was Scared that I had nightmares on January 1 , 1990 after the first two SilentNight , DeadlyNight 1 and 2 ! What My nightmare realeive later that night when I was sleeping in my bed that Santa Claus there telling me about a bully by the name of JoshuaHornete ! Santa Claus showing a picture and write it down on peice of paper ! `` Joshua Hornete is a naughty boy '' in 1990 after watching the Part3 of the sequel of SilentNight , DeadlyNight !
 I was unable to play this movie because it was set up for Europe not USA . Really wish I knew that . It was a gift .
 I am SO INTO 80 's horror movies , slasher flicks , even low budget kinda cheesy fun killer movies . I bought this because it received good reviews , lots . Well , I was disappointed big time . This movie sucked . It really did n't deliver too much in the gore and action department . I just hate when something is so built up and does n't deliver .
 This little slice of hell was picketed when released because the psycho killer is dressed as Santa Claus . That ai n't the half of it.I have never seen a film that has such a devout hatred for children . The first twenty minutes of this are nauseating as a child is scared after wisely being left alone with his `` catatonic '' grandfather . The child sees his parents killed , including his mother getting her top ripped off and her throat slit . His father gets shot in the head a couple of times . The boy , Billy , and his baby brother , Ricky , go to an orphanage where all the beatings and being tied to the bed commences . He grows up , leaves the orphanage , finds himself playing Santa at a toy store , has a flashback , and begins killing everyone.Of the four women killed in the film , three of them are topless when their death occurs . The children at the orphanage witness not one , but two , men dressed as Santa Claus shot to death right in front of them . When Billy , the main killer , is offed , Ricky goes a little nuts , guaranteeing a sequel or two.I remember thinking it was no big deal that the killer dressed like Santa when this film came out . Now that I have kids of my own , I would not let them within a hundred feet of the TV while I reviewed this . This film is disgusting , without the slightest scare or original idea . Go rent `` Black Christmas '' instead.This is unrated and contains strong physical violence , gun violence , sexual violence , gore , profanity , strong female nudity , brief male nudity , sexual content , and sexual references .
 Another addition to the Christmas Genre and not a good one at that . So far ive seen ` Christmas Evil ' - bad , ` Black Christmas ' - not so bad and now ` Silent Night Deadly Night ' - pretty damn bad.It 's about a kid who witnesses his parents murder on Christmas Eve . The guy who commits the crime is dressed as Santa Claus . Then when the boy is all grown up he starts having flashbacks and remembers the incident and goes crazy every time he sees Santa Claus . He ends up dressing up as a Santa Claus and has a compulsion to punish those that are ` naughty ' . I enjoyed the actor who played the Santa Claus lead character even though the acting was terrible and the story did n't turn out too good or make a lot of sense . Even though it was bad I enjoyed it somewhat . Barely entertaining , even among horror movies this one ranks pretty low .
 I vaguely remember the controversy that surrounded Silent Night , Deadly Night when it came out in 1984 . I was still a kid but lived in a family with older brothers who enjoyed slasher films like this , and so it was inevitable that I eventually see it . The very concept of a murderous Santa Claus was terrifying to me then , and I was still a devout believer in those days . I would find out the truth in the coming years and then I would see Silent Night , Deadly Night ; when I was way too young . It was bad then but I do n't remember it being this bad . As a grown-up I realize how this film 's goal was to benefit from its controversy alone.Silent Night , Deadly Night follows the story of Billy Chapman , whose parents are brutally murdered on Christmas Eve by a Santa Claus whose car broke down . Billy was just a boy and only hours before this tragic event he met his grandfather , who is apparently faking some kind of catatonic state at a nursing home , because when the rest of Billy 's family leaves the room for a few minutes , the old man becomes animated and delivers a hilarious speech about how Santa punishes those who are naughty . These two yule tide events of course turn Billy into a killer Santa Claus . The movie spawnednumeroussequels.The production value , dialogue , and acting are so bad it is probably not even fair to address in further detail . It does have that cult movie charm due to some unintentionally funny moments and some outrageous and memorable murder scenes . Some moments might even be intentionally `` unintentionally '' funny , which to me is unforgivable . Some movies do this though . They think because many movies that are unintentionally funny are cult classics -LRB- takePlan 9 From Outer SpaceorManos , the Hands of Fatefor example -RRB- then they can get the same kind of reputation if they strive for unintentional laughs , which completely defeats the purpose . I have no doubt that Silent Night , Deadly Night is guilty of this but then again it has a devout cult following.I 'm giving this one additional star because it made me laugh out loud a number of times and has some really funny moments , regardless if they are intentional or unintentional . There is something about exploitation movies that just makes me laugh at how bold they are in carelessly using nudity and violence to provoke their potential viewers one way or another . Silent Night , Deadly Night is far more guilty of this then I could remember but then again when I first saw it I was far more provoked byRudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer .
 When this film was first released parents were outraged and tried to have the film banned because of its depiction of Santa Claus as an ax murderer.The basic story involves a young boy named Billy who along with his infant brother , witnesses the brutal murder of his father and rape and murder of his mother by a criminal dressed as Santa Claus . He is sent to an orphanage where the penguins make life extremely miserable for him , even more so at Xmas which is already traumatic enough for the poor kid.Soon we flash forward years later with Billy -LRB- Robert Brian Wilson -RRB- as a young man working in a department store . Xmas approaches and Billy is asked by his boss to play Santa at the office Xmas party , then when Billy puts on the suit and looks at himself in the mirror he snaps and goes on an ax wielding rampage . The remainder of the movie consists of Wilson lurching around the toy store in his Santa suit screaming `` PUNISH ! PUNISH ! '' and predictably hacking and slashing with much sadistic glee and doing a very poor man 's Nicholson in THE SHINING . If the movie had any humor -LRB- or merit -RRB- it would be hilarious , but it 's just worthless garbage . Avoid like the plague . Amazingly four `` sequels '' followed this !! Now the important part
 Contravery ! Where ? I did n't see any ! Real low budget ! I loved how they made such a fuss on the cover , tricked me into buying it ! A waste of a movie .
 People made such a big commotion about this film when it first came out . We follow the life of a young boy , Billy , his harsh & cruel past ... & the reasons that make him turn into a Psychotic Serial Killer -LRB- dressed in a Santa suit -RRB- . Some portions of the film maybe disturbing to some viewers , it 's better that you keep it away from children . Bad/low budget filmmaking , but overall has an effective feeling/atmosphere . This was the weakest slasher film of it 's generation .
 Dull , Boring crap.The actors are so bad they could not get a job on a Soap Opera.You do not care who gets killed.Its a shame the last two victims where not the director and the writer of this junk.Watch Black Christmas instead
 This DVD is the exact same one that was released a few years ago with only one difference , it does not have part two on the flip side . The case may be different , but the DVD is exactly the same . I admit that I really do n't like the sequal very much , in fact it is one of the worst sequals that I 've ever seen , but if you have the previous disc then by all means hang on to it unless you simply want to get rid of part two . The main thing that was disappointing about this reissue was that it claims to have a theatrical trailer as an added bonus feature , but unfortunately that turned out to be a lie . There is no trailer and the extras like everything else on this DVD are exactly the same as before .
 A movie with rape at its emotional center can be challenging , shocking , and very well done . This is not that movie , unfortunately.In certain aspects , Verhoeven 's work definitely had what it took here - unfortunately , embarrassingly bad establishing scenes -LRB- bad both in their writing and execution -RRB- and off-the-mark production and direction erode any firm ground on which this might have stood.The costume design in particular _ just _ misses the mark almost universally , and that is interesting , given the explicit weight placed on its symbolism right in the script . Costumes that are n't entirely accurate might have served a more surreal cinematographic treatment , but that was not done - so why hammer on symbolism when the demonstrated level of the visual aspects of this story are so determinedly direct ? Hairstyles that are uncovered - if the designers simply could n't bear proper period headdresses , helmets , hats , and kerchiefs - could at least have been removed from 1985 in dozens of viewer-believable ways.As with the costume and design - a heightened approach might have redeemed some of the , ah , heightened dialogue -LRB- some reviewers here have used `` camp '' as a fair descriptor -RRB- . However , again , in grounding the production as a whole on the concrete plane of direct `` reality '' , its patent inaccuracies and anachronisms are all the plainer - and less defensible.Far be it from me to say that a tale of rape and Stockholm Syndrome laced with violence and disease can be the stuff of fairy stories . These are disturbing and viscerally affecting themes , and it does seem that Verhoeven finds them consequential . However , he does n't seem to take them quite seriously on some level either . As a whole , the film left a bad taste in my mouth - not because a young rape victim , unnervingly , takes what tenuous control she can out of a shocking situation ... but because the director in charge does n't seem to have the control himself . The result is a film which veers from points it may well have wanted to make , and treats itself very lightly . The thought it did n't have any point is just too sad to consider.I 'd love to have seen this written better , performed better -LRB- the cast are certainly capable of it -RRB- , and less erratically designed -LRB- and , I ca n't help but guess , edited -RRB- . Oh , and - last observation ... BRUNO KIRBY ?? Simply baffling .
 At this point of time , much is said , and written , about FLESH+BLOOD . It is considered one of the most `` raw , refreshing and un-Hollywood movie '' you 'll ever see . But that is not quite true , about the `` un-Hollywood '' part ; when it comes to gratuitous sex and violence , in this case , the rape scene , this movie is `` most '' Hollywood . But I would agreed with some of the reviewers when they say FLESH+BLOOD is unconventional with Hollywood 's perception of the Middle Age genre , say with The Lion In Winter , Beckett and even A Man For All Season . This is true . It 's just as gory and raw , say , Prince Valiant , The Vikings , or Charlton Heston 's the War Lord or El Cid , but FLESH+BLOOD has none of the aforementioned 's charm or scope . What this film has going for it are gimmicks , which are tacked together by Hollywood hacks . Perhaps , the only `` attractive '' gimmick in the film is Jennifer Jason Leigh . Aside from her occasional nudity , -LRB- when the film 's gimmicks become apparently tiresome -RRB- Ms. Leigh 's acting ability shone through on such a bleak movie . I began to notice , of late , that Medieval films , as well as other genre , such as westerns , have been relegated in the bottom shelves of armpits . The more it is graphic , cruddy or putrid , the more it 's acceptable and , what 's worse , they use `` historical acuity '' to justify it . Well , I do n't find such excuses acceptable and either should the general public.Note
 I read all the reviews of this movie and even though some said it was violent , brutal ... I still ordered it . I 've been enthralled with HBO 's `` Game of Thrones '' and was searching for a movie that captured the rawness of that time . From the reviews I thought I had found it , but Oh No . From the opening scenes of the prince with the 80 's feathered hair perfectly hairsprayed , to the silly dialogue - it was so dated and just bad . And although I have a strong crush on Rutger Hauer -LRB- loved Lady Hawke -RRB- it 's as if he lip-synced the entire movie . It was amusing enough but better as a find on Saturday afternoon FX channel than actually buying it .
 There is just too much focus on sex in this film . The adherance to historical accuracy is viseral at best . I watched it once but wo n't be watching it again .
 ... has made more than a few fine movies , I could n't bear more than 10 minutes of this one . The first thing I did loathe was that , during this time I did n't hear one single sentence that could have been uttered in 1501 . And the feeling I got is everything said was recorded in some gutter in 1984 by some low-life creeps disgracing what is supposed to be `` Mankind '' . I do n't suppose either that he tried to make some sort of spoof , since spoofs are usually funny , and the best are even very accurate in the details . To qualify this crap as disapointing would be more than an understatement .
 My wife and I watched about 40 minutes of this garbage . Since we are Rutger Hauer fans we kept hoping it would get better . It kept getting worse and worse . Rutger should be embarased by his involvement in such a cheap movie . Corny acting . bad plot , cheesy fight scenes . Then they also had a bunch of useless nudity scenes . Example
 This movie is about as historically accurate as your basic Renfest , complete with Eighties hair , Halloween costumes , and anachronistic dialogue and philosophies . A man taking his raped fiancee back in sixteenth-century Italy ? Are you kidding?The dialogue is awful , the script is worse , and the cast is to be pitied . The costumer designer should be shot . Verhoeven should just switch over to porn or maybe create a new genre
 I 'm generally a fan of Verhoeven 's films -- SPETTERS , THE 4th MAN , and even the maligned STARSHIP TROOPERS which I felt was a hilarious & sarcastic view of the US Military.I thought FLESH + BLOOD was going to a treat . Specially since it starred such great actors as Rutger Hauer , Brion James , Jennifer Jason Leigh and Susan Tyrell ... What a letdown ! Only Brion James played it real . -LRB- And Jennifer 's last sex scene was brave and realistic -RRB- I have no problem with graphic violence when it makes a point . But I hate it in a cartoon , and this film was a super-violent swashbuckling cartoon with the over-the top external performances one normally sees only in an amateur play . No shadows , no air of mystery -- overlit like a TV soap opera.The voices seemed dubbed in a studio -- unnatural and disembodied , and not fitting into the ambiance of the scenes.To top it off , the two lead actors ' hair was straight out of the 1980 's , and Rutger 's `` White Outfit '' looked like it was stolen from Siegfried & Roy 's closet . I kept wondering when the white tiger was going to show up.Laughable plot twists , awful dialogue , anachronistic . Though most of the exteriors of the `` castles '' did seem authentic to the period , the interiors looked like Hollywood sets from cheap `` Erroll Flynn '' movies , and to make it worse , from the 17th century.If you want to see a film which authentically portrays the extreme violence of that era , with brilliant performances and REAL locations , check out Roman Polanski 's MACBETH . These actors are so comfortable with Shakespeare that it never sounds like a speech , but conversation.Verhoeven showed total disrespect for the audience 's intelligence on FLESH + BLOOD . AVOID AVOID AVOID .
 You 'd think on the strength of some of the actors and the director that this should be a pretty good movie . But , it is n't . It 's sheer trash and I mean trash too . I have n't figured out yet why so many people are shown naked or with half their clothes off . One can only assume it 's the director 's idea . Why does Jennifer Jason Leigh go nude for half the picture ? It makes no sense and neither does most of the film . There are just some disturbing images like a horrible pregnant woman running around acting crude and people writhing -LRB- of course -RRB- naked after being sliced in the head , dogs cut up and catipulted into a castle ! It 's just a pretty stupid movie . I 'm just sorry it is n't a `` lost '' film where all copies known to exist just evaporated into thin air . A better movie that takes place a few decades before this one which takes place in 1501 isThe Messenger
 The only reason I purchased this movie was because I heard Jenifer Jason Leigh was nude in it . I read some of the reviews for this before buying it and it sounded half way decent . But after watching it I came to realize that whoever wrote most of those reviews had to be huge Rutger Hauer fans because this movie sucks . The acting sucks , the direction sucks , the writing sucks . The only good content is Jenifer Jason Leigh 's nude scenes , and there are quite a few . This is a great movie to watch on mute .
 Can SOMEone PLEASE explain why the `` free preview '' is NOTHING but opening credits ?????? Can the STUPID people PLEASE stop running Amazon video on demand ??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!
 This is not a chick flick , even if you are in love with Tom Burlinson .
 This was one of the worst flicks I 've ever seen ... the acting was atrociously bad -- especially Jennifer Jason Leigh -LRB- was this her 1st movie -RRB- ? The plot is ridiculous , the fighting is amateurish and completely unrealistic and the actors look like they were just handed a script and asked to improvise . Rutger Hauer looks like he ca n't wait to get this mess over with.You 'll need to see `` Braveheart '' to cleanse your palette after viewing this mess .
 I love Verhoeven 's early work and he 's done fine period pieces -LRB- `` Soldier of Orange '' is great for example -RRB- but this is the kind of movie his critics are always accusing him of making
 On the surface , Flesh + Blood -LRB- we should be immediately suspicious of the title 's ` unique ' typographical choice -RRB- looks like a brainless good time - Italian condottieri form a band of thieves and pillage across the Italian countryside , kidnapping a nobelman 's daughter who falls in instant lust with the leader of our rapine band , essayed by Rutger Hauer with all the charisma of week-old socks . Only the countryside is actually Spanish and the rest of the movie is equally authentic . Peter Verhoeven , whose movies display a uniquely hateful attitude towards women , directs with the deft hand and restrained sensibilities that made his later directorial effort Showgirls so memorable . Particularly repugnant is the scene in which 20-ish Jennifer Jason Leigh is stripped naked and group-raped by Hauer 's band only to find herself turned on by her own rape . Offensive is not a strong enough word to describe the treatment of the women in this film and the men fair little better - either swaggering soldiers or sniveling scholars . In conclusion
 I would give this thing a zero . What CAN you say about a movie where the highlight is Rutger Hauer 's bare butt ?
 I ordered this on Dec. 10th , 2011 and as of Jan. 11th , 2012 it still has not arrived . I wish someone would look into this and let me know what is going on .
 Seabiscuit is a good addition to your DVD library , but save the extra money and buy the single disc . I feel taken by the 2 disc set . The only real addition is the Match Race footage which is only a few minutes . The Winner 's Circle , HBO First Look and True Story are all re-edits of the interviews and commentaries on the first disc . It 's too bad that the studio did this because I will never pay for extra features again . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me .
 My second disc , side one , skips , pauses , rolls back -- tell me how can I right this ?
 the showa were great ... But ... . the disks do not work properly in my player ... . the disks will not change espisodes ... junk dvds
 Series was great but the disk , I believe disk 2 with the episode with Barbara McNair skips on both sides . Have n't had time to return the set . Hopefully the whole lot was n't bad .
 Lets starting boycotting TV series to DVD box set , from Universal/MCA , they are the only ones , that charges the highest price . Also Universal/MCA are the only ones , that do n't provide the original music , so maybe if sales drop , they will start providing the episodes uncut , with the original music , instead of the cheap substitute music , they give us now !
 I 've bought quite a few movie DVDs and have never had any problems.I purchased McMillan & Wife , Season One and had a problem with the first disk . It hung up on a show and froze and rendered that show useless.The movie industry could have a gold mine with these shows of the past -- but they need to improve the quality of their DVDs.Needless to say , I 'll read all the reviews before I purchase any more McMillans .
 Universal seems to be having problems with their DVDs of TV Shows.I gave my wife the McMillan and Wife Season One set . It freezes and skips throughout . It 's a shame because she loves the show . The discs are not damaged in any visual manner ... no smudges or scratches . They just freeze.She gave me the Dragnet series of DVDS ... another Universal product.My joy turned to aggravation though as those Discs kept freezing up as well.And it is not just our DVD player . We have four in the house and it did it in all of them.It 's obvious Universal is having a problem with the production of DVD 's . I did a little checking on the internet and it appears alot of other people are having the same problems . Universal needs to recall their compilation series.Evidentially the Adam-12 discs have the same problem.So be warned , if you buy Universal TV series DVD 's , there could be problems .
 The original `` McMillan & Wife '' -- a wonderful TV-movie series along the lines of `` The Thin Man '' films -- included only 36 episodes -LRB- not counting the few dull `` McMillan '' outings after Susan St. James departed -RRB- . So why did Universal decide to issue this cheaply produced `` season one '' set?Blank DVDs and plastic cases cost pennies -- there 's no valid financial reason for any production company to put out double-sided disks . All the complaints about defective disks have hurt sales . And if sales are slow , Universal will abandon the project , leaving those who did buy with only a fraction of the series in their libraries.It would have been smarter to issue a well-made box set of the entire series -- perhaps including a new interview with St. James -- and charge a premium price . I 'm willing to pay more to get the entire series in good condition . But I 'm not willing to pay $ 25 or $ 30 for skipping disks when I know the rest of the series may not be released .
 McMILLAN AND WIFE is a five star show , Universal is a negative 100,000 . Do not expect to see any new McMillans from them , this show will have to be farmed out to get released in full . I am so sick of buying the first season of a series only to realize that the rest of the series wo n't be , like Kojak , etal . Or , you can buy the whole series , one DVD release at a time like I did for the Wild Wild West only to have it then re released WITH the two made for TV movies included and no you ca n't get the movies separate at this time . Keep ripping us off and sooner or later , no one will bother with your crap .
 I really enjoyed the parts of this DVD set which I could watch . However , after returning 2 sets because they kept hanging up during the same episode , I finally gave up and asked for a refund . It 's too bad the studio that released this DVD did n't bother to do an adequate job of quality control on their product .
 It would have received five stars had I been able to play the first side of disk # 1 . Something wrong with the disk and apparently pervasive - a replacement disk did n't work either .
 I give the show 4 stars.but , the dvd package 1 . the second disc skips on 1 show.and , the other shows wo n't even play . i do n't know if writing to universal whoud help or not . i wish there was something that choud be done .
 I remember watching the NBC Mystery Movie in the 70s . I remember the theme music -LRB- not on the DVD , by the way -RRB- for the series and the guy with the flashlight ... just like everyone else who grew up with tv in the 70s . I really looked forward to the release of McMillan and Wife and McCloud , especially since I had n't seen many episodes since my childhood.The script-writing is awful . The plots are lousy . Susan St. James is VERY cute . John Schuck is funny enough . But everyone else is boring . In one episode , Rock Hudson 's fake punch is SO FAKE , it was laughable . I did n't buy the set to laugh AT the show ! Oh , well ... I am desperately waiting for December 6th and the release of season one of The Rockford Files . I 've seen that show often through the years and it combined great acting , writing , and story-telling . Sometimes nostalgia stinks .
 Got this for my husbands birthday this Saturday and just one episode on the first disc plays properly . The other three episodes all skip , freeze , jump ahead several minutes and in one case over 20 minutes was lost due to it 's inability to play . There seems to be a pattern to these dvd 's for this show and now only after just reading the problems others have had with them , I do n't understand why they are still being offered . I will be sending amazon an email outlining the problems we are having like many of the other folks that have bought universal DVD of the classic tv shows . I 'm hoping it might have been bad authoring equipment and that corrected copies can be sent as a replacement . I just wish I would have read the reviews section first . Lesson learned
 I read other reviews about the poor disk quality but thought I 'd get luckly , which I did n't . The very first episode skipped and finally stopped altogether near the end . I tried it on 2 different players with the same result . Cheap double sided dvds . I expect more of the same on the other episodes . A great show treated shabbily with cheap disks . If you have n't bought Hart to Hart yet get that instead .
 I ca n't believe people actually like this show . And lest admirers of this say `` You only watched a couple of episodes , you have to let it grow on you '' , I watched about five episodes before I could n't take it anymore . I really wanted to like the show because the show 's premise was intriguing , but the execution in my opinion is terrible . You have protagonists who are completely unlikeable -LRB- especially Kei , the main character , who is so misogynistic and egostical that it 's impossible to like him -RRB- , male characters who cry and whine like babies constantly -LRB- many , many times I was yelling at my tv because their actions were completely incomprehensible or else they stand around with their mouths agape , yelling each other 's names instead of doing something , anything -RRB- , and gratuitious violence that does n't contribute to the plot -LRB- what plot ? -RRB- . There was not a single character on this show that I liked . And to say Gantz moves slow is an extreme understatement . Countless times characters just stand around doing absolutely nothing for long periods of time , then the editor will add completely random shots of lightposts and pedestrian signs for no reason whatsoever ! Extremely infuriating and frustrating . Add to it the over the top sexual aspects of this show -LRB- like a dog molesting a naked girl , WTF ?! -RRB- which served no point except to titillate the audience really turned me off . I like some `` fan service '' once in a while , but even this was excessive . This whole thing is a mess . Even the animation is n't all that great or special . I just started watching a new series called `` Darker than Black '' which is whole better than this dreck . Please , take my advice and do n't waste your money buying these DVDs !
 This was just awful !! I wasted 20 bucks on this . More swearing than any normal person , the main character is an idiot !!! `` Why does naked girl like that guy and not me ? '' Dude maybe because he saved her and you did nothing . This Anime has a real bad budget as well . Just awful !!! Get anything else but this !!!! Good concept , Bad anime ...
 This series sold out on what the creators probably thought would sell DVDs . I do n't mind watching a good anime with cussing , violence and some nudity . But that 's all this series is . The plot is weak . 2 episodes per DVD is nothing to be happy about either . -LRB- Ghost in the Shell
 First of all , the rating is for the DVDs . I ca n't believe that 's it 's selling for almost 20 bucks a pop !!! About $ 300 for the whole series ??? Buy it use or rent ... now on the the anime.Awesome anime , like all other reviewers , lotsa nudity , gore and profanity , so do n't let the kiddies watch . Appears that many of the characters deal with unique personality traits of ppl in Japan , with lotsa exagerations of course , which I found kinda neat -LRB- course I 'm not talking about choppin up and blowing eachother away with guns -RRB- , watch and you 'll see ... maybe.From what I 've read on this anime from other sites -LRB- since I debated purch vs renting -RRB- , the first half of this anime ties in really closely to the manga , but the second half -LRB- 14 and up -RRB- is a hybrid of the manga and the studio 's own invetion born out of the need to wrap up the series.Ultimately , I 'd recommend renting this thing to protest the American distributor 's ingenious idea of putting 2 episodes per DVD and the Japanese studio for over bastardizing the series instead of leaving it open ended -LRB- manga is still goin on -RRB- for the possibility of it 's continuation -LRB- like they did with Berserk ... highly recommended if you enjoy Gantz -RRB- .
 I 'll keep this brief . To start off , my rating is for the series as a whole . This particular DVD would get 3 stars . Now about Gantz . Gantz is an action series with long pauses in the action for random pointless dialogue from people who should be fighting for their lives . If you know anything about the Gantz series , you 'll know that it is 2 season series -LRB- based on a continuing manga of the same name -RRB- totaling to 26 episodes . With 2 episodes per DVD that equals 13 DVD 's you 'll have to buy to finish the series . And just to let anyone who 's thinking about going for the entire 26 , the ending was made up by the animation team and is most typically described by Gantz fans as `` Horrible '' or `` Crap '' , so unless you enjoy wasting money only to be dissapointed , you might not want to even start this series . If you did buy this and you found its concept interesting , you might want to check out the manga , which is many times better .
 This anime is true to the fact that it has extremely mature content . I usually do n't care about this as long as it has some purpose and the show has a cool plot . But I found Gantz to be bad all around.First of all , I found the beginning to be rather dumb . The main character and his friend are at the subway , and a drunk homeless man falls onto the tracks . After they throw the homeless man back on the side , a train starts coming . Instead of helping each other climb over the side , which was ' t a big leap , they start running down the tracks . One of the guys was over emotional about keeping a hold of his brother 's umbrella while running away from the train , a stupid umbrella ! Well , of course they got hit and somehow they are decapitated by the train , their heads flying around . It reminded me of some cheesy horror movie like Army of Darkness . I found this scene to be extremely unrealistic and all of the violence to be cheesy like this.Another problem I had was with the main character . The thoughts in his brain are constantly being narriated , every single one of them , and he comes off as a annoying little brat who complains about every single thing . The other characters that come later are very boring since they are all very similar to each other . They are either complainers or perverted . None of them come off as cool.I still ca n't get over the onion monster that looks like frankeinstein when he powers up . An onion monster , of all things ? If I were doing the show , I would have chosen something ominous , not korny , for the first bad guy . It threw me out the dark mood.My last big problem is I found whole first episode as some cheesy hentai show . It was all centered around naked girls and some of the things that happen are just put in there to make the show even more perverted . It has no revelance . If you 're looking for a show with a lot of sexual content , then you might as well go on and buy some real hentai movies rather than deal with this dumb , soft core stuff.I 've seem some pretty dumb anime shows , but this one has to take the cake . I never thought it could get this bad . Do n't waste your money .
 bad thing -- this movie would have been better if it showed here -LRB- as on utube -RRB- the monsters ' face & more of its whole self-was `` up '' w / that ? -- here we sure know whats `` down '' -- ridiculous waste of monsta . movie would have been better using the monster more .
 This film is visually stunning and impressive , and has talented and credible actors.Unfortunately , there is barely a story with a lot of poorly-developed characters who are `` trained '' / brainwashed and instructed in the ways of death and inhumanity.The settings and group `` sermons '' from Nazi officials are striking and convincing , but there is nothing that ties it all together . Our hero fails to strike the `` killer blow '' and is stripped , literally and figuratively , of all status and walks away . The end.I 'm forced to comment that this is marketed as a gay film , and I was surprised by how un-gay it was . In fact , the two boy `` friends '' work together at one point to spy on a lady in a state of undress . It 's more about a childhood relationship in the midst of chaos than anything else.I have issues with some of the pacing as well . I found myself pressing the fast forward button several times , and did n't really seem to miss much . Not a good sign.So , for what it is , it 's okay . Certainly not a masterpiece , and certainly not something to run out and buy .
 `` Before the Fall '' is an extremely well-made film that suffers from a cliche-riddled and simple-minded script . Boy goes to Nazi school . Boy witnesses the evil of the Nazi system . Boy fights against the Nazi system . I 've seen this movie before . And so have you ; it was called `` Dead Poets Society . '' The problem with movies like this is that they are predictable , relying on formulas to propel the story forward . Despite its beautiful cinematography and good acting , this movie falls over and never gains the strength to get back up .
 an utterly silly movie about school boys in the era of hitler youth . its hard to trivalize this era , but this cross twixt `` rocky '' and `` loneliness of the long distance runner '' succeeds . i shall waste no more time on it .
 One star rating for the DVD version the studio released , not the movie . The box says `` Enhanced for widescreen TVs '' , but the only parts that fill the screen of my 1080p HD widescreen are the menus . So if you got an `` old '' TV , you 're good to go . If your DVD player puts out a 480p signal , you can fill your 1080 screen -LRB- with letterbox on top & bottom -RRB- , but then this is just a crummy looking video picture . Nothing `` special '' about that . So if 20th Century Fox knew enough to make the menus HD widescreen compatible , then why not the film ? Especially since the release is advertised as `` Enhanced for widescreen TVs '' . Seems pretty deceptive to me .
 Its in a 4:3 letterbox format , and is just a horrible transfer.Please update this wonderful movie with a better DVD/BluRay disk .
 First things first
 I was so disappointed about this version of the film do to the fact that it is not in 2.35 to 1 Anamorphic . To say Anamorphic and it is really full screen 1.33 to 1 is a blatant lie . A movie like this should never be in TV full screen which in itself contrary to reality . To me full screen is full 2.35 to 1 Anamorphic . It should not be based on TV screen sizes any more . Also the old style screen of 1.33 to 1 is now gone . It 's time to change the wording and simply say Anamorphic or non Anamorphic.There are more than one size in Anamorphic . Cinema Scope is originally 2.35 to 1 , narrow Anamorphic is 1.85 to 1 onthe screen but not necessarily in Anamorphic , but Ultra Panavision 70mm is 2.85 to 1 . True Cinerama is 3 to 1 using three camera 's to do the filming and three projectors to show the film in the theaters . Often times a film may be shot in 1.33 to 1 with the camera pulled back from the actors and sets and in the theater a black mask comes up from the stage and one comes down from the top creating a phony Anamorphic view of the movie . 1.85 to 1 is often shot in standard 1.33 to 1 and masked in the theater to show a wider image.The Abyss is a great movie of which I like allot , but I will not by another copy if it is not in true Anamorphic2 .35 to 1 . The copy division who made the DVD 's should have known better .
 The movie took way too long to get to anything half-way exciting . It could have been cut down to 30 minutes !
 This film opens with a submarine beneath the sea . It detects an unknown object speeding towards them . What could it be ? The submarine strikes some rocks and sinks rapidly . Only a buoy marks the spot . There will be an investigation , and a civilian oil rig crew will try to rescue the USS Montana before the hurricane arrives in a few hours . The conversation introduces the people and shows their interactions . The deep diving ships locate the submarine and inspect it . Some enter the submarine to explore it . There are no survivors . One diver has a problem . A strange event occurs . The storm arrives , and mechanical troubles occur to create perils.There is one disaster after another , and narrow escapes from floods . Will they survive in the cold when the oxygen runs low ? Will a strange creature show up ? Will the stress affect some of the people ? Will we see more special effects ? Will there be serious conflicts over their missions ? What about pressure psychosis ? There is drama from the personal conflicts and the machines . Who will be saved ? Bud volunteers for a perilous mission . Will he be saved by a miracle ? What about the remaining people?This is a film that seem too disparate to make sense . A coherent script would make a better film .
 Whats up with this movie ? Never an anamorphic release.Fox lose the masters?May be the masters was stored by Edward Scissorhands after visit a knife grinder and need a lot of digital retouching?For last , when Blu-ray -LRB- 2D/3D -RRB- comes to life we whant the extended cut , not the childish theatrical version.Thanks in advances .
 I love this movie . It 's hard to think of a better masterpiece from the 1980s . It 's just too bad I bought this version -- older DVDs like this one have some problems with playback on modern widescreen TVs . Without using the TV 's `` zoom '' feature -LRB- which basically makes the image larger to fit the screen , but reduces resolution drastically -RRB- , you have to watch the movie in a truncated box within the screen . There is no true 16:9 output from the disc itself.It is indeed presented in `` widescreen '' format , but the movie plays in a 4:3 setting which shrinks the image to fit within 4:3 - sized box in your 16:9 monitor . Not the best way to watch a great movie . I 'll have to wait for a Blu-Ray version when I finally upgrade to hi-def . That aside , the extended version of the film is included along with the standard version . But there are almost no special features at all .
 So disappointing ! I thought this would FINALLY be the anamorphic dvd we 've been waiting for , but ... NO ! Strange that so many `` different '' versions of this film have been released on dvd without the anamorphic addition . A HUGE amount of dvd buyers now own hd tv 's and home theater projectors ... the anamorphic aspect of a dvd is of significant importance to us !! I love this movie ... what a total shame .
 Dazed and confused !!!!! I feel like I am in the Abyss !!!!! What happened to the Anamorphic ? The box cover even states anamorphic ? What is Fox up to ? I was so excited that all of the advertising for this edition stated anamorphic , but I was left so violated when I discovered that I had yet spent more money for the same version that I had on the 5 star edition . Fox please have someone check this stuff before you fool the public !
 Great Story ! 5 StarsGreat Actors ! 5 StarsGreat Director ! 5 StarsGreat Sci-Fi Movie ! 5 StarsGreat on DVD ? NO , NO , NO !!! Zero Stars !!! Non-Anamorphic , Non-16x9 Widescreen , Very Poor Video Transfer onto DVD , and Not on Blu-Ray yet ? What the # $ % * ! We are living in an age of HD 16x9 TV 's and this , one of the great emotionally moving Sci-Fi movies of our time is placed on DVD that is formatted for a 4x3 Standard Definition TV 's ? You have got to be kidding me.Hey James Cameron and Paramount or whoever is involved in the process of bringing this great movie to DVD , WE WANT THIS MOVIE IN 16x9 HD Format OR if you wo n't do that , how about a regular DVD in 16x9 Format/Anamorphic and why do n't you throw in a remastered video transfer while you 're at it so WE CAN ALL enjoy this movie on our 16x9 Widescreen Plasma , LCD , and LED TV 's and Projectors !!! What a shame .
 Non-anamorphic widescreen and no 5.1 dolby digital sound ... what a joke .
 The Abyss single disc edition is a cool movie , but the actual movie is not in Dolby 5.0 as Amazon.com or Dolby 5.1 as the DVD jacket would have us believe , but only in Dolby 2.0 -LRB- 2 channel -RRB- English or French . I tried both the theatrical and the special edition cut , same result.Buyer beware .
 Do n't waste your time with this 're - issue ' unless you do not have the previous release . It adds nothing , and what 's worse is Fox Home Video failed to do an anamorphic widescreen with this release , a feature sorely lacking in the previous release . Without any new features and no anamorphic widescreen added to the re-issue , this is just another attempt to milk money by adding nothing but pretty new packaging . Boo , Fox Home Video .
 I was disappointed that the Video On Demand version is not in wide screen format but rather in 4:3 .
 So SAD , yet another BLUNDER by the folks who released this version . Like many folks today I now own a Widescreen TV , I have 3 actually . I think all movies released today should be WS Anamorphic and NOT 1.85 or 2.35 LETTERBOX !!!!! Please stop producing LETTERBOX formats , unless the original film was produced in 1.33:1 , period !!!
 Before I even begin , I 'd like to say that my one star rating is directed solely at the DVD itself-ANY VERSION , I 've bought them all - NOT THE MOVIE ! None of them !!! NOT ONE ! is in anamophic -LRB- Enhanced -RRB- widescreen !!!! This movie is probably - who am I kidding ? - is most defintely - THE BEST sci-fi movie ever made ! It deserves a hell of a lot more than 5 measily stars ! I give it 10 , personally . All DVD incarnations of it , however , get absolutely NO stars from me . I ca n't , without being absolutely vulgar , express how unhappy I am with 20th Century Fox . They 've sucked over $ 150.00 out of me - just trying to find a decent copy of this movie . I really would n't mind - $ 150.00 ai n't much money - but I 'm disabled and am trying to survive on about $ 700.00 a month ! Get with the program fellas ! Let me see it in true widescreen at least once before I die !
 This is a disgrace Lenticular means a different box cover Abyss is the first version of the movie . Get the special 2 disc dvd.The same this for all the 6-5-07 fox releases .
 First let me say that I absolutely love this film . A classic alien encounter movie with suspense , action , and even a love story . Now why the 1 star ? The video and audio quality is like watching it on a 1980 's TV ... The special edition has a few more minutes of alien injection and some lame political statements . Keep the original or theatrical edition and do n't buy this expecting quality of any sort .
 I agree totally with most of the great reviews below . However , after buying this DVD locally and now on Amazon.com , I keep getting a defective DVD . It is defective in the fact that it IS NOT widescreen , and it DOES NOT have the extended and regular version of the movie on it . For those looking for these , be aware of this issue . I have no idea how many of these DVD 's are like this , but I 'm 2 for 2 so far . Mine is going back!Note - this applies to the 1 Disc version of the DVD . Since the 2 disc version is hard to get and high price , I can not say if that one is good or not in regards to the above issue .
 If we were to translate the dynamics of Cameron 's film , The Abyss , into human relationships , what might it resemble ? Imagine two children who are fighting . They 've even found some dangerous weapons and are threatening each other . Seeing this , their parents decide upon a plan . After all , they do n't like seeing their children fighting . So , they go into their room , grab the handguns they keep as a means of protection , and rush the kids . They cock the triggers , screaming , `` We 're gon na kill you ! '' After holding the guns to the kids foreheads for several seconds they lower the guns . The message is clear . `` Best be on good behavior , because if you 're not , we can kill you . `` Some message , huh ? That is The Abyss in a nutshell . The film is actually quite good until its denouement . The suspense , the tension between the paranoid Navy S.E.A.L. and Ed Harris , one an authoritarian goon and the other a quite good leader with an ability to relate with other humans , are all quite well done . But the conclusion ruins it all , in addition to the fluorescent Gray-alien/fairy/angel water-beings . It 's quite fascinating , and disappointing , to see a film-maker trying to imagine what a `` higher '' or `` more developed '' being 's response would be to the follies of humanity , and falling flat on his face in the process . Cameron simply imagines a response as authoritarian as any we see in our world . The action is supposedly prompted by concern , and love , and yet all the aliens can muster is a supreme show of force . `` Change your ways , because if you do n't , you know I have the power to wipe you out at any moment . '' Nothing like traumatizing people into `` correct '' behavior . It really shows that Cameron has no clue about the depths of human nature , or the `` higher '' response in such a situation . And it 's a `` schizoidal declaration '' if there ever was one ! -LRB- google it -RRB-
 The DVD I bought directly from Amazon was advertised as the Special Edition and was marked as such on the case and on the disc . However it actually seems to be the full-screen regular-length edition with no text commentary or SE extras . Do not buy .
 It has been an increasing obsession in Hollywood that visual effects are the most important part of a movie and that to draw customers , all you need is a colorful dog-and-pony show . The fact that so many of these efforts bomb - think of such recent duds as The Core or The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen - is an indication that you ca n't have a good movie unless you have decent writing . It 's not necessary that it be GREAT writing -LRB- no one will confuse the Matrix with Shakespeare -RRB- , but it needs to be at least decent . Otherwise , you have a movie that , despite all its flash and fury , will be little more than another forgettable effort in a ocean of such works . Which leads to The Abyss , a movie that looks good but is offset by poor writing . Only because it is directed by James Cameron - of Terminator and Titanic fame - makes this movie at all noteworthy . But if you disregard its well-known director , you find that this is little better than Wild Wild West or the Avengers -LRB- the movies , not the TV shows -RRB- were in their times.The story involves a submarine that is involved in a fatal accident after an encounter with a mysterious object . A rescue crew is sent to retrieve any possible survivors and inspect the damage . The crew is beset with problems , most significantly getting marooned two thousand feet below the ocean surface . While Cold War tensions build above - along with a hurricane - the characters deal with their own problems as well as an alien presence that seems benevolent but has mysterious motives.The movie looks good , but is riddled with story problems . Even dismissing the scientific inaccuracies -LRB- after all , we 're not watching this to learn -RRB- , there are still all sorts of flaws . The first hour is slow and the final portion is corny and preachy . There are implausibilities from the get-go
 I thought the movie was way too long and pretty cheesy . There were some good things about it - and I do n't know how ppl who watch it without the added footage completely understand the end -LRB- all the TV news footage -RRB- - but I did n't like the movie much . I saw this video with a bunch of friends at one of our friend 's place , so it was fun to get the reaction of everybody and stuff . Some liked it , some did n't . I thought there were some really cheesy parts which did n't even seem they should be there . It 's an interesting movie to watch , if you have the time and really want to see it , but get comfy , you 're going to be watching this movie for a LOOOONNGG time . -LRB- It 's way too long ! -RRB-
 Truly abysmal . Yes , the special effects are tremendous , but the moronic screenplay is hard to get past . Is this film what took Mastrontonio and Biehn off the A-list ? They 're directed to play ideas , not people . Biehn , otherwise a competent actor , twitches and rolls his eyes here , indulging in every acting cliche . Poor Mastrontonio , usually brilliant , here goes from cynical realist to alien-spotter in one fell swoop . Come on . Anyone else in her position would assume that she has discovered a previously unknown sea creature before deciding it 's an alien . There are unbelievable jumps in the story ; it 's just a mess . Only Ed Harris escapes unscathed . I 'd rather see an Esther Williams water picture than this mess again .
 I have only the VHS , and I must say the end ruined this movie , which was following so tight , well crafted and with good actin -LRB- although I think Mastrantonio ia a very bad actress -RRB- . Anyway , I 'll seek a DVD edition for myself , to understand what the reviewers below are talking about . To say this movie is better than `` TERMINATOR - JUDGEMENT DAY '' is a kind of heresy , but , well , who knows ... ?
 You know and I know this movie is so boring it will leave you with nothing ! One of the worst ! Truthfully , this motion picture is an absolute waste of time ... . Dose n't deserve a one star , except for special effects . Almost ruined Mary 's career .
 Like coffee with so much milk and sugar you ca n't taste the coffee , so the Abyss pours on so many `` special '' effects that you ca n't stomach the movie . I saw this big hunk o ' nothin ' in the theatre and the whole house walked out in silence shaking their heads . I doubt if fifteen years of ripening will have made it any more palatable . Indulgent , excessive and ultimately juvenile fluff .
 How can a woman that has drowned and been revived get up and walk around a short time later ? No wonder the ausience sniggered at the cinema where I saw this movie . It has some big and impressive scenes and great music.What a pity the story was n't properly thought out a bit more.The end is an anti-climax and makes no sense.OK.the aliens have gone to the surface and ships lay on their side.What now?If it goes back down then those ships will sink ! James Cameron , leave the writing to the writers please .
 The Abyss is a continuation of that on-going , pathetic , story in the American filmmaking industry commonly known to most people by its nickname - `` Hollywood '' ... an assembly of very talented actors whose talents are unfortunately wasted under the direction of an incompetent director - this time it 's James Cameron . Add in the $ $ million $ $ dollar special effects extravaganza to the immature script , cheesy `` feel-good '' soundtrack , and cheesy dialogue leading up to the very cheesy ending , and what we have here is an underwater tear-jerker epic in the making -LRB- no , it 's 8 years too early for Titanic -RRB- ... The Abyss . I would 've given it `` 2 '' stars , but they had to re-release the `` Director 's Cut '' version , which made it even worse . Therefore , I am compelled to give it a rating of `` 1 '' -LRB- only because `` 0 '' is not allowed here -RRB- . To me , there are 2 types of `` Director 's Cut '' . 1 . The addition of footage that was cut out , because it was considered too explicit by the censors . 2 . The addition of footage that was shot , but was n't included due to time constraints . The Abyss falls under neither category , with the end product adding nothing more than very bad outtakes of Ed Harris mumbling to himself in place of the aliens so that we know their -LRB- the aliens -RRB- true intentions on earth . People watching the `` Director 's Cut '' for the first time who have already seen the regular version wo n't be surprised at all by how the plot turns out in the predictably weak & all-too simple of a script . If James Cameron had any brains at all , he would 've anticipated that someday there would be a demand for a `` Director 's Cut '' , and brought the actors back into the studio even after the film 's release to shoot the necessary scenes to give it more cohesion for a future release . Not slop in a bunch of mediocre outtakes and say `` Ok , here 's my masterpiece the way it was intended to be seen . Blah , blah , blah ... '' . If anything , The Abyss is eye candy to dazzle 12-year olds and nothing more .
 When I received this the black cover that goes over the exposed tape was in 3 pieces , maybe just need to find out a different was to ship more safely .
 This review is NOT based on the actual movie which is one of the best Sci-Fi flicks ever to be seen . However , how can they advertise that this is anamorphic 2:35 aspect ratio , WHEN IT IS NOT ?!!? Very deceiving . Says 2 discs but you only get 1 , and the other disk with the extra features is great . It says we get it , but there is only 1 disk . It does not offer the wide range of audio it claims it has , but worst of all is them saying this is anamorphic 2:35 , when it is not . Great movie , but who the heck can stand to see HUGE BLACK BARS and just a small sliver of the actual movie ? I have a 62 '' HD Sony which is AWESOME . But watching this movie , even on such a big screen is intolerable . Odd is at the very beginning it is fine . But as the movie starts , you can see THE ABYSS is cut off by the HUGE black bars and then NO ANAMORPHIC 2:35 !!!! One of my favorite movies of all time and I can not even stand to watch it . a 62 '' screen and 90 % of it is taken up with huge black bars with the movie playing in the middle on what looks like about a 4 inch wide screen . Zooming does not help as it eliminates part of the black bars , but then you lose a huge portion of the picture which is worthless . How can they advertise this as they do , but be so wrong about so many things ? Furthermore , with DVD 's , once open you can only exchange for the same title . You can not get a refund or exchange for another title . So , you buy it under the assumption it is what it says it is and you get what it says you will get . Only to open it and find out it is not even close to what was advertised and you are stuck with it . I am shocked they are advertising this as they are and not delivering what they are advertising you will get . I took mine back to the store and told the manager that IT IS NOT WHAT IT CLAIMS IT IS ... even had him stick it in a dvd player to see for himself . All he could do is offer me another copy . No refund and no exchange for another title . How can they lie and then not give a refund ?? How can they take one of the best movies ever and ruin it as they are ???
 The Abyss -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- is not the set that a proper cinephile would appreciate.I was so excited that this DVD was on sale at Best Buy for $ 9.99 that I immediately bought it . I put it in to play on my widescreen TV to find out that Fox did not set this DVD up to be played on HDTVs ! I have to set the picture in a 4:3 image to watch a film that is presented in a 2.35:1 aspect ratio.This set is utterly disappointing ! I would recommend that everyone wait for this to be released on BluRay . Only then will Fox actually make good on their `` special edition '' promise . At least , I hope they will ...
 Bought this believing it would be recorded correctly . They just took the 2003 non-anamorphic DVD and put a cardboard with a hologram on top that says 2007 , that 's all . Once opened , you can not return these . I 'll throw it away I guess ... is there a phone number to complain ? Ca n't find one ...
 I ca n't tell you how excited i was to find this for 8.99 new at the mall . i also ca n't tell you how awesome movies look on my 42 '' lcd hdtv -LRB- thats a 16x9 ratio for the uninitiated -RRB- and upscaled on my xbox 360 . what i can tell you is how dissapointed i am at the treatment this dvd got.first of all , there is no 5.1 -LRB- or dts for that matter -RRB- mix , even though it says there is on the back of the box . its only dolby surround . `` okay well thats not too big of a deal i said '' , and i hit play . then came the 2nd and worst thing that could possibly happen ... the fox logo came up as the movie started , but at about a 6th the size of my tv . it lasted too long to be anything asthetic and then the movie started.here 's where i get mad . the movie is filmed in a 2:35:1 aspect ratio . -LRB- which for the layman , means it appears wider in scope , but at the expense of actual viewing space -LRB- ie bigger black bars on a standard tv -RRB- . now on an hdtv this isnt too big of a deal -LRB- especially if the dvd is mastered anamorphically -RRB- because its already widescreen , so your black bars at a 2:35 ratio arent so bad -LRB- and are smaller -RRB- . however it appears that the movie was mastered on the dvd in a 4:3 -LRB- standard tv size -RRB- box , with the bars as `` part '' of the actual movie.basically its like someone took a widescreen VHS tape and dubbed it on a dvd . meaning : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the movie looks about 6 times too small on my widescreen tv -LRB- its like this little rectangle surrounded by black bars -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- this is not actually widescreen and gives it a really bad bootleg look -LRB- 3 -RRB- the resolution and detail of the dvd is absolutely terrible -LRB- ie vhs quality -RRB- AND i have to zoom the video TWICE to get it to fit on the tv , making the flaws of the already terrible transfer even more apparent.this upsets me greatly because it is the `` Special Edition '' . whats so special about it ? but apparently all of the versions of this movie share the same flaws . the special dvd edition of `` Aliens '' -LRB- also by cameron -RRB- its fantastic and has none of these issues i describe to you now . i saw the movie awhile ago and i havent finished the `` special '' edition yet , but from what im reading from users on amazon , some `` special '' editions dont even have the extra 28 mins of footage even though they claim to on the dvd.forgive the pun , but this and all dvd versions of the abyss are simply ... abysmal
 Beware , this widescreen edition is not enhanced for 16:9 televisions .
 Again , this movie is on the wrong format . Theback cover show widescreen , but not . Still it is 4:3 . A great movie , but todays standards are not acceptable.Do not buy it , until `` another '' new edition will come with true 16:9 .
 OK , so maybe this movie is n't awful , but geez , it is pretty water-logged . I was very disappointed in The Abyss , which I had never seen before and only recently bought on DVD . Forget about all the DVD extras . What I want to know is ... IS THE MOVIE ANY GOOD ??? And the answer is mixed , leaning more toward the negative.The Abyss is about an hour too long , with way too many sub-plots for even a sharp guy like me to follow . Underwater aliens , crazy Navy SEALS , nuclear warheads , drowned women brought back to life ... after a while , it just got ridiculous . Worse , I suppose , are the many scenes that are simply flat-out preposterous . Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio drowning and coming back to life by being slapped by Ed Harris was a real howler . So was Ed Harris 's interminable plunge to retrieve the warhead -LRB- sink already , Ed , sink and end this film !!! -RRB- and then being told to cut `` these '' wires but not `` those '' wires -LRB- come on , Mr. Cameron , is that the best you can do ? -RRB- The Abyss proves that Cameron is a far superior director than he is a writer , as the film is gorgeously photographed . Again , too many explosions , floods , unintelligible screaming and general mayhem to keep my interest -LRB- the first 10 crises were interesting , then it got numbingly boring -RRB- . The love story was achingly predictable , and the aliens really had no point at all , as far as I 'm concerned . They merely looked like an excuse to show off some fancy computer effects.A few years later , Cameron improved drastically on this near-dud with the taut , gripping Terminator 2 . Skip this one , though . It 's all wet .
 I watched this too long movie just because it is a J.Cameron film . But it was a sheer frustration . I am very sorry to spend my 2.5 hours for it . It is just a waste of time . Do n't watch it . It is full of ridiculous scenes . Slam a dead person and watch her bring back to life ! Is n't it be to stupid ? Too many sub-plots . Too many dialogs . Everyone in the movie talks in every occasion . Only when Bud dives into the abyss we can have some silence . Please do n't watch this . It is nothing but a waste of time !
 After reviewing the encouraging reviews I decided to buy the movie and see it for the first time . To tell you the truth I was not impressed at all . This movie might have been something extra ordinary back in the 80s but if you see it now for the first time you 'll be very much disappointed !
 One of the most stupid and poorly acted movies I have seen in some time , and I like a good sci-fi movie , too . Bad . Just not worth your time .
 very lame , just another james cameron girl power movie and not too realistic .
 This DVD was transfered in a `` letterbox '' format . In my opinion the result was a VHS LIKE picture quality which was very disapointing . This is the kind of classic special effect extravaganza that deserves way better quality picture and that is what you get when a dvd is transfered in a anamorphic process . This dvd was n't done properly and the result is a far lower quality picture than I was hoping for . Also disapointing was the fact it does n't state that it is a `` letterbox '' presentation . My mistake was buying it without looking here on amazon first toi find out . In my experience , 99.9 % of dvds that are non-anamorphic result in a way lower quality of picture.However , this dvd does have alot of extras that will make the hardcore `` Abyss '' fan happy . The 5.1 audio transfer was very good however it would 've been better in DTS.I loved this movie and hope that when or if it is re-released they do it in a anamorphic format to drastically improve the picture quality . On any standard tv the picture quality would be ok but I have a 65in . widescreen tv and even with a progressive dvd player the picture exhibits alot of elements and pixelzation resulting in color loss and a crisp clean presentation . For those that do n't understand `` anamorphic '' , when viewing on a standard tv it will be just the black bars at top and bottom , meaning `` letterbox '' . On any projection tv , big screen tv , or especially a widescreen projection television , the letterbox non-anamorphic dvd makes it so the viewer has to `` zoom '' in to see it correctly , thus resulting in seeing more of the quality of transfer.When in an anamorphic process , the viewer with a large projection tv has the picture automatically set for normal viewing without having to adjust the picture to fit the screen . Thuhs resulting in a better picture transfer for the dvd itself and for the complete presentation . `` Letterbox '' versions in my opinion are as good -LRB- bad -RRB- as watching it on a VHS tape like quality picture.Anyways , although this dvd had great features and it is a great movie , the dvd in my opinion is not that great due to the picture quality . But , it is ok enough to watch and not as horrible as alot of other dvds I have seen transfered non-anamorphic . I guess it 's worth buying if you ca n't wait and are a hardcore fan of the movie.If you can wait , I 'd find the widescreen vhs tape instead for a cheaper price and get almost the same picture quality if you have a super-vhs player .
 This is a disgrace Lenticular means a different box cover . this is the first and only version of the movie . Get the 5 star collection.The same this for all the 6-5-07 fox releases . The Dummies at fox did not even notice that on predator is DTS but the new fancy cover say D.D.
 This is infuriating : There are how many -- a half dozen -- `` different '' editions of `` Abyss '' ? Several are single-disk , and several are double-disk . But no matter which of the many one looks at , one finds the exact same reviews on all of them
 The one star is for the single disk edition of the abyss . The back of the box claims it has 5.1 audio when in fact it does not ! I returned the first one I bought thinking it may be an isolated incident , but much to my surprise it was the same !! I have e-mailed fox video several time 's but they do not answer , I guess they do n't care about their costomers . If you enjoy 5.1 surround as I do then dont buy this movie , it is defective !!
 Thought it was anamorphic ! Thank you guys ! Now when will we get the anamorphic version ?
 Just want to make you all aware that the single disc edition for the DVD THE ABYSS has misleading sound options.The back of the disc jacket states that English 5.1 sound is available.When you engage the menus only English or French surround sound are available.I blew my stack when I noticed this and now I am stuck with an inferior product .
 First off , I love the movie , and I would normally give it 4 out of 5 stars . The problem I am having is that the picture appears as if it were on a standard 4:3 television . I have a widescreen TV , and the image is `` squished '' with double black bars . I set my DVD player for a widescreen display , and the aspect ratio is still wrong . I am having this problem with the two-disc DVD that came out some years ago now . Not the newly released two disc set with the white box . Another reviewer as reported the same problem.I do n't know if they have remedied the problem with the newer DVD or not , but I would not recomend this version for owners of widescreen TV 's . This mars an otherwise fantastic movie .
 This disc is not Anamorphic widescreen and it is missing DD 5.1 sound , it has only French 2 channel and English two channel sound.This disc , not the Movie is a major disappointment.I thought they were finally releasing this movie in an Anamorphic widescreen format .
 Nice movie , great sound effects it was one of the first movies to succesfully use Dobly Digital . Sadly enough this NOT `` the directors cut '' , and is missing some crucial parts of the movie . Because of this the movie is kinda boring.If you want to buy this movie , then skip this one and go straight to the directors cut . It also include 's a nice documentary about movie which gives an nice inside view of the history of modern movie making .
 For people who can get the full version on laser disk . It 's really worth while ! the VHS tape is a badly edited version of the full 4 hour fantastic film ! IF you taped the TV version , the TV version is an even bigger ripoff !
 People often describe a moment in a TV show or a movie where they gave up watching it , as a `` jump the shark moment '' . This reference is taken from Fonzy 's famous jump over the rubber shark . If I 'm the only person in history who thought this movie jumped the shark , than so be it , but I believe it did . Jumped and landed right in the Abyss.For a crew that seems to be so knowledgeable on `` Deep Pressure Syndrome '' not to realize that the leader of the Seal team is not only suffering from it , but is on the verge of a nervous break down that will put them all in jeopardy , is just unforgivable . And to watch his team follow his every order so blindly knowing that his mentally capacity is completely gone makes them look ridiculous.Shark jumped ...
 This DVD is not anamorphic and will not play very well on your 16x9 HDTVs - which is very disappointing .
 I looked forward to watching this movie especially after having seen Don Knotts in the Apple Dumpling gang . Did not enjoy this movie at all . Was very boring and never got through the entire movie .
 It took two sittings to get through this cheesy , poorly acted and mind numbing movie . It just was n't that funny .
 I bought this movie because I thought any film with Don Knotts in it has got to be worth watching ... wrong !!!!!! This is one of the biggest loser films I have ever seen in my middle aged life . It is sappy and contrived to the max . It was a film about a Christian preacher/missionary , and they managed to go through the entire film without saying the word `` God '' once in either dialogue , or song -- of which there were many . They went completely out of their way to do this . This is Hollywood liberal political correctness run to it 's furthest ridiculous extreme . This would be like having a film such as the `` Horse Whisperer '' and never mention the word `` horse '' once in the movie . How absurd!This movie had few funny moments . It had few if any good acting moments ! It was quite simply once of the worst movies and biggest wastes of time I 've had the misfortune to see ! Total loser from every view point !
 Morose , Morbid and Depressing . I am sorry my 12 year old asked to see this . I wish it didnt exist . I am unclear as to the marked age group it is trying to reach but I feel all children should steer away from this terrible show and adults hopefully wont like it either .
 Video was a complete waste of time , absolutely zero substance , speaker talked about all of his winners , promoted web service . Save your money !
 This is the worst of the 3 . Not very entertaing and the effects really suck . It seems that they wanted to make a little more money off the first . Even bruce willis hated this . The thired on is alittle better because they actually took some time to make a villian . skip this one and go see Live Free or Die Hard in theaters June 27th 2007 .
 Continuity errors from hell plague this movie ... not withstanding technical writing errors as well .1 . We are in Washington D.C. , but it seems that `` Pacific Bell '' is EVERYWHERE . Do n't believe me ? Check out the pay phone that John is calling on . Pacific Bell has managed to corner a market on the ATLANTIC market , it seems .2 . Paging from an air phone so someone can call you back on it ... riiiiiiiiiiiiighhhht ... 3 . John McClane manages to `` prove his point '' about the double-cross . Despite a hostile terrorist takeover , our dubious stubborn airport cop only manages to shudder after having had a submachine gun rip its contents right in front of him -LRB- to prove that they were blanks , of course -RRB- . John would have been SOOOOO dead before anyone realized that it was an error .4 . The fight on the jet wing between John and that ... oh , I ca n't remember his name since he was the most forgettable villain ever . Anyway , they certainly were on one hell of a long taxiway ... I was beginning to wonder when they would hit the grass field , the ditch , someone 's house , the ocean , etc. , as it seemed to just go on and on and on . It almost made you wonder why the `` bad guys '' did n't just rev up their engines there ... it seemed like they had the room for it . And it certainly would n't have hurt to have one more bad guy out there to remove the stupid jacket.Numerous other plot holes and contrivances abound , but why bother expounding on them ? Do n't bother - see the 1st and 3rd movies and you wo n't notice any continuity errors by skipping the 2nd . The 3rd movie serves well as a sequel by itself .
 Leave it to hack director Renny Harlin to ruin what could have been an outstanding sequel . I never expect a sequel to match the original , But , this was beyond mere disappointment . Despite an very good cast , decent plot , and huge budget , Harlin managed to come up with a true stinker , no better than a Steven Seagal snoozer . Perhaps it was the fact that the original is , in my opinion , the perfect action movie in every way ; cast , script , editing , plot , character arcs . If UCLA or NYU film school were to give a class on action movies , Die Hard would be the epitome of the genre , followed closely by The Rock , which is only marred by the gratuitous car chase through San Francisco . Why is Bruce Willis ' character suddenly an L.A. cop in Die Hard 2 ? You ca n't just transfer between major metropolitan police forces , like some businessman changing offices . Could n't they find any NYPD badges in the studio prop shop ? Also , Pacific Bell is not the telephone company at Washington-Dulles airport . duh ! As much as I love the original Die hard , I hate Die Hard 2 , if you could n't tell .
 This is the sixth time Die Hard 2
 The big issue of this movie -LRB- I did enjoy it at the time -RRB- that makes it unwatchable to me now is this simple idea that someone obviously forgot ... which anyone residing within an hour 's drive of DC would clearly and quickly realize.Dulles aiport is within a 1/2 hour drive to what is now Reagan National airport and not much further to BWI in Baltimore . A simple phone call , or drive to either one to warn them would have rendered our hero John pretty useless since all they would have done is simply call the planes from either of them , then had them divert to either one since they were -LRB- by air -RRB- about 10 minutes further from Dulles.Did someone not do their research on what nearby airports there were ? They could also have phoned from there to make arrangements to land at Richmond , VA , Norfolk Naval Air Station , Patuxent Naval Air Station -LRB- MD -RRB- or others ... south enough where the snowstorm would not have been an issue , or landed at Andrews Airforce Base ... or any number of other regional airports that were close enough.This simple oversight has killed this movie for me .
 The first and third Die Hard movies are great , but this one ***** . I guess because Renny Harlin directed it . He 's not my favorite director either . The series would be a whole lot better if this movie was n't made . Wish I could put no stars but it wo n't let me .
 Just slightly better than standard dvd five star collection version . Audio quality is better than the picture quality .
 I am only going to review the Blu Ray Disc . The picutre quality has a lot to be desired . I know part of the blame is on Renny Harlin heavy colour filters he used , like the orange or reds are to imposing at times . I couldnt help but notice the low quality tranfer which obviosuly came from a poor print . Much better than Die Hard Blu ray but this is not worth buying now . Audio is good and quite loud for all the right reasons.Please 20th Century Fox do not let your customers down with inferior quality products .
 An action-filled yet unsatisfying sequel to the 1988 classic . Bruce Willis ' engaging performance as the intrepid John McClane is weighed down by a contrived screenplay and lack of memorable villains . Filmmaker Renny Harlin would fare better in the stunt-filled Sylvester Stallone romp `` Cliffhanger . '' Avoid `` Die Hard 2 '' and proceed directly to `` Die Hard With a Vengeance '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- - a superior follow-up that reunited Willis with original director John McTiernan .
 This review is more of a commentary on 20th Century Fox 's DVD transfer than the movie itself . First I 'm a huge action film junkie , which is why my growing DVD collection -LRB- and enormous VHS library -RRB- are full of movies from the genre . However , Die Hard 2 outdoes most of the films in its class when it comes to lack of a coherent storyline and outright bad writing with absolutely improbable scenes and boring dialogue -LRB- Can you really return a page to a phone on a commercial plane ? -RRB- . But what makes the DVD so bad is the poor quality of the transfer . Die Hard 2 proves that not all DVDs are created equal , AND just because you are buying a DVD does not mean that the picture and sound quality will be superior to any other format . The picture on this DVD was grainy and had an annoying red tint in the beginning scenes . But what is probably the most annoying thing about the DVD is the non DD 5.1 soundtrack although the box clearly states that the soundtrack is DD 5.1 . Studios that are deceiving consumers who they know buy DVDs for the superior sound and picture quality -LRB- and are self-proclaimed audiophiles like myself -RRB- should be ashsamed of themselves . If the soundtrack is only in DD 2.0 then that should be clearly stated on the box - if there are not seperate and distinct sound information for all five speaker channes and a dedicated subwoofer than I do n't see how 20th Fox can get away with representing this movie -LRB- They did the same thing on Die Hard -RRB- as having a DD 5.1 soundtrack . The bottom line on this DVD is save your money and buy it on VHS - at least you know what you 're getting and it may be better anyway .
 I love the original ` Die Hard ' . Honestly , it 's pretty awesome . In fact , in my personal -LRB- Fisti -RRB- awards for 1988 I shower it with nominations in Director , Actor , Supporting Actor , Film Editing and Sound . It 's a great mix of action and humor , with Willis giving a marvelous performance that makes the most out of stereotypical one-liners in a way that is fresh and intriguing . ` Die Hard 2 ' is a disaster.I 'll tell you why . John McClane , the famed character portrayed by Bruce Willis , makes an astute observation partway in . He mentions that it 's another elevator and another basement and he says something to the effect of `` how can the same thing happen to the same man twice ? '' I have that same question . You see , outside of some fluff , nothing new happens in ` Die Hard 2 ' . Sure , this is an airport and not a hotel , and the terrorists have differing goals , but at the end of the day it 's all the same . Sure , Willis has other ` heroes ' to contend with as they fret over his involvement in matters , but they are an annoyance and a cheap way to add a layer that never pays off.Dennis Franz is gross.So , in ` Die Hard 2 ' John McClane , equipped with a new array of cheesy one-liners -LRB- none of which hit as well as those in the original -RRB- , is attempting to pick his wife up on Christmas from the airport . Of course , things get sticky when a terrorist group hijacks the planes and demands the airport management to comply with their wishes -LRB- revolving around the arrival of a terrorist leader -RRB- . If they make life difficult for the group , the planes will stay airborne till fuel is gone and , well , they crash . McClane is obviously smarter than everyone else and he is extra motivated , since his wife is on the plane , so he sneaks around and kills bad guys and uncovers their hideout and basically saves the day yet again.Having the action less contained than in the original makes this film far louder yet far more generic in texture . It just feels like an average action flick starring Bruce Willis . Sadly , Willis phones this in horrifically . His performance is terrible , especially when a plane crashes and he forcibly cries on the runway -LRB- so unbelievable -RRB- . The terrorists are nowhere near as scary or as convincing as in the original , and the rest of the cast is a mixed back of serviceable and embarrassing.Franz and Art Evans are the epitome of atrocious acting.At the end of the day , this is a cheap substitute for the original ; a phoned in cash cow that capitalized on a smart idea but failed to do anything substantial to live up to the ` Die Hard ' name .
 As soon as the movie would started , and the audio switches to DTS-HD , it would either go totally quiet or make this little clicking noises like there were aliens trying to talk to us . Unfortunately I did n't know there were problems with this disc , so I spent all kinds of time fooling around with my equipment . Buyer Beware ! They are having issues with DTS-HD audio on this movie . It did work when I switched to Dolby Surround , but who wants to listen to that if your into uncompressed audio ?
 I was lucky enough to be an extra in the final scene , sharing 2 seconds on screen with Bruce as he shouted `` Holly ! '' over and over -LRB- and over -RRB- . That was a blast.Watching the movie was n't , and not just because they left me on the cutting room floor -LRB- I should have had more than 2 seconds ! -RRB- . The first film remains an all-time favorite of mine , while the second was mildly entertaining at best . `` Die Harder '' -LRB- I still remember seeing a blank-screen preview for it , well before I became an extra , in which the audience laughed at the title ! -RRB- has been cited for having more plot holes and flaws with reality than any other movie I can think of . Terrorists could never succesffuly control the fate of so many commercial airplanes -LRB- well , okay -- not in the way these `` terrorists '' do -RRB- . Airplane fuel tanks ca n't just pop open to dump their fuel , and even if they could , igniting that feul would not cause a plane to blow up . And so on.Since I was in the final scene , I 'll mention a few flubs that most people never noticed :1 -RRB- If you look real close during that final scene , you 'll notice in at least one shot that it is raining onto the snow -LRB- thanks to Michigan weather for that one -RRB- .2 -RRB- Filming did n't wrap up quite quickly enough one night , and in the second-to-last shot you can actually see the sunlight peeking above the horizon , just before cutting to a wide shot of the plane sitting in total darkness .3 -RRB- A kid in a white shirt and gray pants appears for exactly 2 seconds walking behind McClaine as he shouts `` Holly ! '' and looks for his wife . The kid is cold . Colder than he 's ever been in his life . Later , he can be seen sliding down the emergency exit of the plane -LRB- just after John says to Holly , `` Let 's go home . '' -RRB- I 'm looking forward to `` Die Hard 4.0 , '' but not as much as I 'm looking forward to `` Cheating Death
 As an Art teacher I was happy to see this DVD about Isaiah and wanted my students to see it too . I had meet Zagar last summer , who was sitting on a lawn chair in a nice shady spot at the back of his amazing Magic Garden house drinking a cold beer and greeting his visitors . We chatted for a bit and I was quite impressed with his art and his intelligence and his humor . Later on I had heard there was a documentary about this man and then saw this DVD offered by Crystal Production , who normally sells good quality art education materials . This 30 minute video has got to be the most amateurish thing that Amazon sells -LRB- and Crystal produces -RRB- . The are parts were you see the artist and others being interviewed with a mike in their faces and there is no sound of any voice except for some very , very loud Peruvian music being played over and over and over ... Then there are these bits of some really bad impromptu dance that I know there is no way any art teacher in this country could show to their class without hearing howls of laughter . Do not buy this video !! I only hope I can get my money back from Amazon because I did have to open the DVD in order to watch this lame thing . I would have gave it a half star -LRB- or less -RRB- if I could have figured out how to do it .
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Sweetie , written and directed by award winning filmmaker , Jane Campion best known for the film `` The Piano '' is the story about a young couple in a distant relationship . One day the womans mentally ill sister Dawn `` Sweetie '' breaks into their house and lives with them . She is not on her medication and creates havoc . When her father visits after his wife leaves him , he tries to calm her but is unsuccessful.It is never mentioned what kind of illness Dawn has . I thought the film was too graphic and recommend eaisliy offended people not watch it.The DVD has some great special features . There is a theatrical trailer , behind the scenes photos , audio commentary by director Jane Campion and director of photography , Sally Bongers and screenwriter Gerard Lee . There are interviews with lead actresses , Genevieve Lemon and Karen Colston . There is a 1989 conversation between Campion and film critic Peter Thompson made after the success of her short films.Finally , there are 3 of her short films made as a student . The first film , An Exercise in Discipline
 Put aside for a moment the melodramatic overacting , the heavy handed musical score , and the bad American accents , and just focus on the premise - 40 years ago a composer was put to death for the presumed murder of his wife . Now flash forward - a woman who matches exactly the murdered wife develops amnesia , goes to the home she was murdered in which is now an orphanage , and the priest takes pity on her and asks one of his former inmates/orphans to try to discover her identity and , lo and behold , it turns out the detective/orphan looks exactly like the composer . Wait , that 's not all . Turns out they are the reincarnated essence of the ill fated couple . Wait , that 's not all . Turns out the reincarnation machine switched souls , so that the man is now the woman and the woman is now the man.If you 're still there , then there are some guilty little pleasures in what is otherwise an absurd film . For example , Derek Jacobi snarling and stuttering and then leaping through the air with a murderous shout , or Wayne Knight trying his best not to upset his pizza while all around him mayhem wrecks havoc and people are being shot , stabbed , and impaled , or Andy Garcia taking a drag on a cigarette through his trej hole.Kenneth Branagh stars and directs . This was his second film as a director , following a very successful `` Henry V '' in 1989 . Though I 've enjoyed his Shakespearean adaptations -LRB- e.g. , `` Henry V '' , `` Much Ado About Nothing '' -RRB- , his other directorial efforts have not been totally satisfactory -LRB- e.g , `` The Magic Flute '' , `` Frankenstein '' -RRB- . Unfortunately his acting seems to parallel this pattern - he does extremely well in Shakespearean roles but not so well in more modern tales.Branagh 's onscreen wife is his -LRB- then -RRB- off screen wife Emma Thompson . They married in 1989 during Henry V and divorced in 1995 . Thompson is usually great , hence her 4 Oscar nominations and one win -LRB- `` Howard 's End '' , 1992 -RRB- , but in this film she falls flat . Apparently flashing your big brown eyes and looking lost were her two major character developments , but in an actress of her caliber , this is n't enough .
 Kenneth Branagh and Emma Thompson had quite a run . She basically debuted herself in his 1989 directorial debut ` Henry V ' and went on to work with him in quite a few films , mostly of Shakespearian origin , and they built this mini-empire of sorts , proving to be the definitive couple for modern takes on Shakespeare classics . I 've always had a soft spot for both , even though I would n't call myself a direct fan . I do n't always buy Thompson 's naturalness , and Branagh is certainly pigeonholed for a reason . That said , there is something about them that I am drawn to , and I happen to secretly look forward to each film of theirs I happen to discover.The idea of them teaming up for a Hitchcock type thriller instead of a Shakespeare adaptation had me excited.This film is a disaster . First of all , none of it really makes sense . The novelty concept of past lives is nothing more than a poorly conceived gimmick here and it never is sold effectively . Instead the film lacks any real pulse . I mean , the thrills are borderline absurd , and the conclusion -LRB- and that traumatic fight scene -RRB- is laughable to watch . The flashbacks are filmed nicely -LRB- in a contrasted black and white -RRB- but they are dull , and the modern-day romance that is supposed to link them is equally boring . The acting is spotty as well . Branagh and Thompson are so lifeless here , I just could n't invest in their relationship at all . Branagh delivers a marvelous accent , I 'll give him that , but he has no discernible charm here . Wayne Knight should have never started acting . I hate him . The only light here is the impeccable Derek Jacobi who tries desperately to save this film but is ultimately swallowed up by the ridiculous ending.I 'm not even sure that this film had promise to begin with , but whatever the case ; it is completely squandered of all real merit . It 's just downright TERRIBLE .
 Highly stylized effort at film noir by Kenneth Branagh , matching the tortuously dull love-affair between his private-eye and Thompson 's amnesiac with a cliche-ridden attempt at a genre he either misunderstands completely or must secretly loathe . Derek Jacobi is excellent as usual , and the plot does finally gather some pace , but by this time its a question of making the best of a bad job .
 This film has it all ! An absolutely preposterous plot , some really bad acting -LRB- from Kenneth Branagh of all people ! -RRB- , and regrettable casting choices -LRB- e.g. , Robin Williams as a disgraced ex-psychiatrist forced to work as a grocery store shelf stocker and Wayne Knight -- Newman on Seinfeld -- who -LSB- sorry Wayne ! -RSB- will always be Newman and therefore should not be cast in any serious movie -RRB- . Among its other sins , at times this `` thriller '' seems to think it 's a comedy . If you 're a fan of Kenneth Branagh and Emma Thompson 's other fine works , you 'll especially want to skip this one.It 's a real shame -- after wasting $ 8 - $ 10 on this movie , you 'll naturally want to see it to its conclusion despite all the warning signs that it 's not going to get any better . At that point not you 've not only wasted $ 8 - $ 10 , but also nearly 2 hours of your life . I 'm a movie fan and a collector , but this one 's going out with the next garbage pick-up .
 I remember this movie being much more enjoyable in the 80 's . The cast is made up of several notable actors , but their fake accents and the script diminish their talents somewhat . The base of the story is really cool and has an interesting plot twist but it can not make up for the parts that drag along and the bad language .
 Kennneth Brangh 's american accent was the most believable part of this story . Weak plot and even weaker performances by otherwise decent actors . The implausability of the story required a greater suspension of disbeleif than I could muster .
 I 'm somewhat of a Branagh and Thompson fan but I 'm surprised anyone could possibly enjoy this silly film . I do n't know whatever came over Branagh and Thompson to partake . Jacobi , as a dodgy antique dealer who hypnotizes people was bad enough but , when he took his subjects into past lives to find their antiques , it just got ridiculous.Very little that the main actors did was convincing and much of it was irrelevant and confusing to the plot . The switching of accents was as farcical as it was incompetent - ditto , the constant flash backs in black and white.If the movie , and the story , were consistently awful , the finale excelled . Even `` Pirates of the Caribbean '' tried to give rationale to characters being fatally shot , and stabbed , but still fighting on . Was it only the crazed operatic accompaniment in `` Dead Again '' that finally caused them to be all `` Dead Again ? '' For how long one asked?Emma Thompson , whose portrayal of a dying cancer victim in `` Wit '' was so poignantly beautiful , must be deeply embarrassed when she thinks back on this movie . She certainly would n't want to watch it a second time - nor would I - the first was bad enough .
 Considering the high caliber of the British cast -LRB- Kenneth Branagh , Emma Thompson , Derek Jacobi -RRB- , DEAD AGAIN is notable for being so corny.Mike Church -LRB- Branagh -RRB- is a Los Angeles private gumshoe whose specialty is tracing missing persons . As a favor , he agrees to discover the identity of Grace -LRB- Thompson -RRB- , an amnesiac who climbed over a fence to take refuge in a Catholic orphanage and who suffers nightmares that keep everyone awake from her screaming . Put under hypnosis by mesmerist/antique dealer Franklyn Madison -LRB- Jacobi -RRB- , Grace reveals memories of the relationship between composer Roman Strauss -LRB- Branagh again -RRB- and his wife Margaret Strauss -LRB- Thompson again -RRB- . In the late 1940s , Roman was convicted of fatally stabbing Margaret in the neck with a scissors , a crime for which he was executed in 1949 . Franklyn drags out an old issue of `` Life '' magazine , and , golly , is n't it amazing how much Mike and Grace physically resemble Roman and Margaret . Subsequently , Mike goes under hypnosis also and ... well , you get the idea . And every chance the director -LRB- Branagh yet again -RRB- gets , he points the camera at a big , pointy scissors lying on Mike 's living room table waiting for some mischief to get into.At times , I wondered whether DEAD AGAIN was being presented as a comedy , drama , or parody . The too loud music soundtrack favored either the first or last . But , I finally decided on drama because the actors seemed to be taking the plot sufficiently seriously . Then , they overplayed their parts just to show the audience that they were having a jolly good time . -LRB- There were shots of a terrified Grace that almost had me laughing for their absurdity . -RRB- The result - a mess . There are some decent plot twists at the end , which , if the script could have evolved with more subtlety , would have resulted in an infinitely better suspense film and not such a silly melodrama.Branagh , Thompson and Jacobi - what were they thinking ?
 Evidence , if any were needed , that Kenneth Branagh should stick to acting . * Dead Again * makes his amateurish debut * Henry V * look like a reasoned-out masterwork by comparison . -LRB- Well , ok , that 's overdoing it . -RRB- Perhaps this is because the young man had a subtle , brilliant text by Shakespeare to buck him up . Here , he 's more on his own , and he is , to put it nicely , lost . The plot does not withstand the light of day
 I thought the film was way over the top on mood and effects . It was a complete distraction from the characters and plot . I think it could have been much easier to watch if it had been filmed with 1/2 the intensity . But the cast is wonderful and Branagh 's commentary on the DVD gives great information about film making , the challenges to stage the scenes , and the process of refining the story . I will buy the DVD to get the commentary and will watch that much more than the film .
 I was tod to watch this film from a co-worker and I was jsut dissapointed . I could not believe I wasted almost 2 hours watching this trash . The story was very confusing with it going back and fourth through time . There are many pointless storylines and charactors . The acting is overdone that it 's not believable . I like the actors in the film but they where jsit placed in the wrong movie .
 This movie has a good cast but it is not up to the level like the Hitchcock 's movies.I like Emma Thompson and the cast in other movies that were good , but I had a hard time getting into the story.If Alfred Hitchcock was to had seen this movie he may be very angry at the writers and director .
 First we 're led to believe that Mike Church & Grace Sharp were Roman & Margaret Strauss , respectively , in a past life in which Roman was believed to have killed Margaret . Logically , Grace becomes suspicious & fearful of Mike as she undergoes several past-life regressions . But wait ! About three quarters of the way through the movie we find out that their past-life identities were just the reverse ! Not only that , but we also learn that the murderer is n't who we thought it was . All of this only serves to make the interrelationships of the present-day characters , & their reactions to each other , totally illogical . To add to the nonsense , Robin Williams , as former therapist & past-life regression/reincarnation `` expert '' Cozy Carlisle tells Mike that he has to kill Grace , because that 's the way karma works ? Anyone who believes in reincarnation & karma will probably find this totally ridiculous , & anyone who does n't believe probably wo n't be interested in this one in the first place .
 The blu ray is underwhelming to say the least . It is no improvement over DVD played with upscaling.Grain ... lots of it as if you are looking through constant haze.Poorly placed subtitles ruin the picture.Pass on this blu ray .
 Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! is one those epic , cast-of-thousands , documentary-style WWII movies that Hollywood was fond of back in the 60 's and 70 's . It does a few things well
 There are many things for which TORA , TORA , TORA is worthy of praise . It is an historically accurate film and many regard it as a triumph of history over Hollywood entertainment . For all of those who have recently trashed films like THE PATRIOT and U-571 for the ridiculously one-sided storylines they offer , this is the film they are looking for . TORA , TORA , TORA provides a balanced perspective on the events leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor . The Japanese are depicted as real human beings in this film and we are reminded of the reasoning surrounding their attack . On the flip side , the lack of American concern and preparation is communicated as well , suggesting that some of the damage incurred on that day was due to mismanagement problems . I was quite impressed with the way that a balanced history manages to come through in this film . Additionally , I was struck in awe at several points -LRB- such as when the Japanese planes are taking off from their aircraft carriers -RRB- and was forced to imagine what it must have been like to have witnessed it.However , for all of its achievements , I question TORA , TORA , TORA 's effectiveness as a motion picture . For my money , I would rather see character development and a personalized story in a major motion picture . As some reviewers have commented , the only real star in the film is the special effects during the battle sequence . Essentially , TORA , TORA , TORA feels like a documentary . Of course , isolating personal stories during a war can lead to over-the-top , feel-good-about-America pictures and I am certainly not recommending these types of films . But one does not have to sacrifice interest and character development when making an historically accurate film.Moreover , TORA , TORA , TORA seemed far too long . Several scenes could have been effectively edited down to a fraction of their length and the battle sequence at the end , while thrilling , is painfully long . In this way , the film manages to convey the depressing magnitude of the attack simply by making us watch it for thirty minutes . Another example occurs during a scene I enjoyed in which the Japanese airplanes are taking off from their aircraft carriers . The scene is beautiful , particularly with the sun just beginning to rise on the horizon . But did we have to see every plane take off ? Is five minutes of planes taking off the most effective use of time ? I do not think so.Overall , TORA , TORA , TORA is a great achievement in historical accuracy and I think it should be shown in history classes . I just do not think it will be shown on my own television screen that often . It lacks the character development , emotion , and pacing to deserve that honor .
 Ever wonder why hollywood directors take so many liberties when making a war movie ? In my opinion , this film provides a more than adequate answer.Granted , the attack scene is very well executed , with special effects that are impressive even today . But the rest of the film is dry and soulless . The characters spout dialogue that sounds like it was taken out of a college history textbook word for word.If you want an impressive factual account of Dec. 7 and the preceeding events , then check out the two DVD History Channel documentary . If you want to see an entertaining Pearl Harbor film that is true to the essence of the 1940 's , see Michail Bay 's Pearl Harbor.Of course , if you fall in between those two extremes , then Tora Tora Tora just might be the one for you .
 The surprise attack on Pearl Harbor seems to be accurate , as to time , and place , and naval/military deployments . However , the screen writers have gone out of their way to depict Americans as either stupid , ignorant , or unconcerned . While on the other hand , the Japanese enemy is depicted as polite , wise , and opposed to war , and the number of American casualties seems of little importance.It is apparent that the dialog was written in Tokyo ; and it surely could have been the product of General Tojo 's war-time propaganda machine.Yashida and Yamamoto , et al. , say things like
 When I first heard about this film , I had thought that an hour of the film would be devoted to attack on Pearl Harbor . Instead , I watched a thirty minute fight sequence -LRB- exciting , but not as visually stunning as the visual effects work and masterful camera work used in the BETTER 40-minute sequence of the massive action epic PEARL HARBOR . -RRB- that was preceded by over an hour-and-a-half long introduction that features dull characters and boring talks . The only thing that kept me from falling asleep was the Japanese sequences involving the plans of attack , and some funny sequences involving oneliners . I also did n't quite agree with their portrayal of Dorie Miller , the mess attendant who shot down two Japanese airplanes , and won the first naval cross for an African-American . The character was only given about ten seconds of film time . I was very upset . The portrayal in PEARL HARBOR was 100 % better , given that the role was given to a great actor , Cuba Gooding , Jr. . I was also very dissapointed with the way they ended the film . It was too depressing . Nothing was said of what happened after the attack , except for Yamamoto 's famous line
 BORING ! BORING ! BORING ! And hopelessly jingoistic as well ; you best bet might be to join in about two-thirds of the way through this mess ! At least then you see carnage instead of tote boards ; heroes instead of cowards , soilders instead of senators . A let-down that was hyped to rival PATTON .
 Just received this DVD and was very disappointed , after reading all the other customer reviews . The Wide Screen format was hard to watch , and not nearly wide enough , and the story was basically slow , boring , and basically no character development . I should have just rented it . Quite a disappointment .
 The movie is superb ! I loved it , but only drawback is that the voices are in japanese !!!!! I wanted to see the movie in english not in japanese with subtitles in english !!!
 This wonderful film is a total disaster in its DVD format . Frank Capra Junior calls it a restored print which is a joke . The film is often dark , details are hard to see and there are sprocket holes , white spots and all kinds of detractions in the film . How could Image and Capra release this mess on DVD ! This outstanding film deserves much better than is offered .
 I should have listened to the other person who mentioned scratches on the movie . However , while he found them only slightly distracting ... I found them to be so disruptive that I lost track of the movie . This print was transferred from a copy that had severe sprocket tooth scratches . These scratches lasted for almost 20 minutes.While my rating of the movie itself would be 3-4 stars , I can not recommend ... even to fans of the movie ... to buy this copy . I would n't even be happy if I had bought it for under 10 bucks ... but at this steep price , I advise against it .
 I 'm always looking for material on comic book artists and how they do their craft , and it 's very hard to come by . This dvd had some promise such as Eric Powell -LRB- The Goon -RRB- and Erik Larsen -LRB- The Savage Dragon -RRB- , and I expected for them to share their experiences in their career , how they broke in and made a name for themselves , how they go about making an issue of their book etc. . You get none of this . Instead you get some artists , most that have never been heard of talking about the allure of comic books . If your like me and your looking for a documentary on comic book artists and how the creative process takes shape to a final product on the shelf , your better off passing this by .
 A straight guy who wants to have a female-dominant threesome ? Let 's see
 download was irratic and at best horrible . did not enjoy this experience and will not do it again ... a waste of money.and only windows as an option to download ... pooh ! again ... not an experience i 'll repeat .
 This movie shows how liberal thinking , attitudes and behavior all turn into trouble , the abuse of others , and personal destruction . This is at best a `` Lifetime '' style movie and demonstrates the epic fail that is liberalism .
 Opening scene
 I did n't really enjoy this . thought it was a waste of time and money . Kind of dragged on too much .
 nothing good here . need iron-will patience to sit through watching this multi-cliched bad movie . meaty faced married teaching guy met die-hard fatal attraction long-faced female student from spain , and he just got his 2nd wedding anniversary ? boring dialog , bad casting and performances ... so , what else is new ? do we need one more of this cliched movie imaging on the big screen or straight to the dvd rentals ? guess not . thought provoking ? definitely not .
 Two CIA agents vacationing in Trinidad during carnival are hunted by various assassins in this ultra low budget action thriller.I 've lived in Trinidad for over a year now and only picked this up because of the setting . Its pretty bad , there are some funny moments but most of those are due to the low budget or bad writing . There 's tons of cliches , unconvincing action and dull padding.Its the sort of movie where the writer refers to the ` Republic of China ' but means the People 's Republic . Where the US Marines run covert safe houses -LRB- rather than say the CIA -RRB- , where an American woman can beat up a Trini cop in broaf daylight and no one cares , and where the bad guys fire thousands of bullets without hitting anyone so they fall back on Kung Fu.It was fun seeing familiar streets and locations but no one from Trinidad has more than a line or two and other than the music and carnival footage there 's nothing really Trinidadian about the film.There 's no nudity , no blood , laughable effects and a paper thin plot.But I got some laughs so it was n't a complete loss .
 I know , I know . A book and a video are two different art forms and you should n't compare them to each other . But after reading the utterly hilarious book based on this series , the actual video was a disappointment . Slow and boring describe it best . Natually the video ca n't introduce Root 's interior dialogues , so we 're left with minimal dialogue . Also , some episodes -LRB- in the book with pictures -RRB- were apparently edited out of the video . Too bad - they were hilarious . Stick to the printed word on this one if you want hysterically cutting British sarcasm .
 I love Dar Williams but I 'm afraid she got it all wrong in this concert . Even the audience could n't muster much enthusiasm for her introspective , half-hearted folk-rap ... OK to tell stories , OK to sing songs but Dar , do n't try doing both together . Disjointed and un-moving . Not art.Spend your money on `` My better self '' instead . Sorry Dar ! Simon
 This is a great old TV series and certainly an asset to my vast collection . I expected digitally mastered though and quality is far less than I thought it would be . Picture is fuzzy and sound is awful .
 Bad acting , shallow characters , ridiculous costumes -LRB- whatever they could dig up from Robin Hood -RRB- , cheap sets -LRB- the spacecraft only have one seat ! -RRB- , and ludicrous special effects add up to a camp classic.I ca n't stand sitting thru more than 2 episodes at once -LRB- there are twelve total -RRB- . These episodes were originally intended to be viewed as serials at theaters in `` Matinee '' format ... you would see one new 20 minute episode a week , with a cliffhanger at the end of each one - the problem is , when you can see the episodes `` back to back '' , the cliffhanger resolutions can be seen as the true ripoffs that they were , as they never quite match up with the impossible-to-escape cliffhanger shown from the week before -LRB- the writers figure that after a week 's time you 'll have forgetten what they showed you the week before -RRB- . At least the `` evil '' Sonja is pretty hot ... and Ming makes a pretty good `` bad guy '' .
 I bought this on DVD and expected a professional package I expect of any DVD package . Here 's the news ... terrible packaging , no extra features , no cinemascope so you ca n't even read the credits , the poorest quality I have seen and overall unwatchable product . I feel as if I was robbed of my money . The people that made this product wanted to sell you something but you will never buy anything else . I say wait for someone who cares to release these great serials .
 I recently drove the Pacific Coast Highway from Los Angeles to San Francisco and had such a great time that I ordered this video so that I could relive the experience . If it was n't such a hassle to ship items back , I would have returned it . It appears that the video camera was set up in the seat next to the driver in a stationary position . Unless he was curving toward the ocean , which was about a quarter of the time , you are just looking at the road in front of you . I think if a person had been filming they would at least have turned their head toward the ocean and caught more of the breathtaking scenery . Imagine just filming a boring highway from your car looking straight ahead as though with blinders on and that 's pretty much what this is . On the rare occasion that the videographer left the car to film , he seemed to choose less than stunning views to film . The last comment might appear to be a matter of opinion , but in books , calendars , etc. that I have seen I agree with their choice of photos to illustrate the PCH 's beauty , and very few of those locations are on this video . I do n't know if this was done by a professional , but I could have done a better job myself .
 I saw the preview and figure it would be a great weekend movie . Well as I said do n't let the preview fool this was a corny and sorry waste of my time and money . I do n't know if it was suppose to be a comedy , action , or triller movie but what I do know is that it stank right to the bottom of the St. Johns River which is where I slung it about a quarter of the way into the movie . A MUST NOT SEE OF THE YEAR . I WISH YOU COULD RETURNED OPENED DVD MOVIES .
 This is absolutely one of the , if not THE , worst movie I have ever seen . The action scences are stupid , he ca n't shoot two big guys 30 feet from him with two guns and then he kills everyone upside down from the ceiling of an elevator and shooting with his hands crossed . It 's always the same annoying style of music , regardless of the scene . Nice cars , nice chicks , and that 's it . They ca n't even drive the cars properly , you can easily see they are doing like 15MPH and they spin out in the corners but on the next take they are straight as an arrow . It 's about the acter who has big muscles , who gets fine chicks , who plays basketball in a dark gymnasium , who has a big Mercedes G-Class , who has a red sports bike , who talks the talk ... I think about it and it 's THE worst movie of all times .
 DUANE MARTIN IS CORNY , FOX CAN NOT ACT , AND JADAKISS SHOULD NEVER EVER THINK ABOUT BEING IN A MOVIE . SO WHY DID I GIVE IT 2 STARS ? BECAUSE MEAGAN GOOD IS IN IT AND SHE IS A PERFECT 10 . I 'D PAY MONEY TO WATCH HER READ A PHONE BOOK .
 Interesting cast , nice whips , and some of the gadgets were hilarious , BUT Duane Martin as anything but a lady 's man , or screw up I was n't ready for all that ! And JadaKiss acting OOH HELL NO ! Sometimes you just have to say no . It 's obviously a low budget film filled with African Americans so I say support your people ! I mean it was what it was a movie !
 Another low budget movie to put on the shelf.I could not believe the great cast that this movie had , except for Duane Martin . I was so shocked that these talented actors and actresses allowed themselves to be seen in this movie . They must have owed Duane Martin a favor , he wrote the film . I could not even believed that Will & Jada Smith financially backed the film and Vivica A. Fox should have never stooped this low ... dayum.Duane Martin what trying so hard to be a thug in this movie , but it definitely did not work , not in the least . The story line was so corny.Jadakiss should stick to rapping , because acting is not one of his strong points.I was very happy to see one of my classmates from John Jay College in Manhattan , Phil Hayes in the movie , he had a short part but he did da dayum thang . I 'm glad to see he is doing him.Back to the movie , instead of it going straight to DVD is should of went straight to the trash.Later !!!
 What planet am I on ... is n't this earth ? I have to check because I recently saw a terribly boring and vastly overrated movie called Dreamgirls . You would think from all the hype this movie got it would have been the best musical since the Wizard Of Oz ! Instead what I saw was another example of a bunch of snob critics trying to sell me a chocolate covered lemon . I wo n't criticise each aspect because there is n't anymore time left to spend on this waste of a good two hours of time . Jennifer Hudson ... an Oscar ... for this ... FOGGEDDABBOUDDIT . And just when you thought Grease 2 was as bad as it gets . This is worse !
 This is the first time I 've been disappointed purchasing through Amazon . The Dreamgirls DVD will not work in any of the players at my house . I 've tried 5 different dvd players and even tried my blu-ray player too . But to no avail .
 The editors of this film should be shot . No shot lasts more than 3 seconds . On a big screen tv it 's dizzing . It 's too bad since the film on a whole is a pretty good film , and the music is pretty great . But the film is ruined by fast cutting and quick shots - was the editing team on speed ???????? Why do they think this is the way to edit a musical ? If you become aware of the editing while you 're watching a film , then the editors have done a bad job . Hire editors who know how to edit a film , skip the Blu-ray and by the CD .
 No disrespect to Ms. Jennifer Hudson , but this was the worst thing I have tried to watch in a long , long time . It was a valiant effort but sometimes you just wanted to scream as it went on and on and on and on . This would have been so much better as a movie and not a musical . It just was not very good to me as I tried to watch it . I had to finally turn it off about 3/4 of the way through it . JMHO and no disrespect intended .
 Dreamgirls , One of the Best Musicals ever comes to the big screen and like many I was looking forward to seeing one of my all time favorites shine . Regrettably this is not the case . I will credit the actors hired for this . They were given a less then great script to work with . That said , I feel that Effie was not nearly powerful enough . I know that it would take alot to fill the shoes of Jennifer Holiday and in the movie this shows . I can not help but think the actress was stifled by the very even leveled volume thru the dvd . I have tried listening thru home theatre at a decent volume but when Effie was belting -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- her soul I did n't notice any difference in volume . This should have blasted at that point . Further the camera angles were very odd . Why the pan in and out at odd times was ever chosen that way I do n't know other than they take away from the scene at hand . Also the fluff added to make this longer was so so at best . It could have happened yes , but I feel it strayed away from the original far too much . Also the fact that numbers were moved around did n't help . I tried really hard to watch this and keep in mind that it was not the original and tried to view it in its own light , however I could not find that place . Bottom line is this , Some Broadway shows should never be redone on the big screen and this is one of those . If you were fortunate enough to see the original you will know what I mean . Again the actors they hired are not to blame for this lousy attempt at bringing a cherished play to the big screen , the attempts to tie this to Diana Ross and the Supremes were too blatant -LRB- the unspoken was this was based on the struggle they had making to the top -RRB- and rent the dvd . I know that I wont be buying it .
 I absolutely hated this film ! But let me explain . The film was supposed to be a period drama or musical of some sort -LRB- it was based on a play -RRB- , but instead of evoking the '60s with its musical renditions , the female trio that forms the movie 's singing group sounds more like a recent R&B ; act . This shatters any nostalgia one can hope to have , and it makes the movie seem unbelievable in spots . The only song that sounds remotely '60s - era is the one sung by James `` Thunder '' Early -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- , `` Steppin ' to the Bad Side . `` Beyond that , the movie goes all over the place , not really establishing a solid , focused storyline . The film is loosely based on The Supremes , but since it is n't a full-blown biopic , in the vein of Ray or Walk the Line , the film heads out in every direction it can without settling on a good one . The performances are okay , if you can stomach the awkward scenes where dialogue is sung -- beginning about a third of the way in -- and I say awkward because Dreamgirls , unlike Chicago , or any popular film based on a musical , does not start out like a musical at all , but it eventually ends up being one -LRB- we can probably blame that on the play it is borrowed from -RRB- . Eddie Murphy , though in rare form , could n't save this film , and Jamie Foxx is wasted here -- he even seems bored with the role . In short , Dreamgirls goes down like hard medicine ; the really nasty tasting stuff that leaves your face all twisted in disgust long after you 've swallowed and chased it down with a spoon full of sugar .
 A few notes on this film and the DVD release to help you make your purchase : THE PERFORMANCES :1 . Beyonce Knowles
 Repetitious . I lasted one hour watching this before I left the room . My spouse was able to watch it to the end and enjoy the story underneath.I gave Moulin Rouge one star , partly because of the shrill grating voices . At least Dream Girls has more natural voices . And it was fun to see how different performers of the era were represented by these fictional characters . And there was at least one educational piece of historical information
 The acting of Eddie Murphy and Jamie Foxx supplemented with the singing of Jennifer Hudson and Beyonce ' - the makings of a great musical film , right ? Unfortunately Dreamgirls does not deliver.The plot of Dreamgirls focuses on the struggle of a naive trio of talented young singers during the 1960 's . Unfortunately the film focuses much of its attention on the root cause of all evil in the U.S. during this time period - white people . Seriously , the only time you see a caucasian or hear a reference to one during this film , it is to make the point that they racists or thieves who do n't appreciate good music.In the end , I expected a lot more from this talented cast and therefore came away disappointed .
 So I decided since eveything was in such a hype of dreamgirls I would watch it.Bad idea . Has anyone ever seen movies like Cabaret or hell even Sound of Music?That is how you do a musical , not some horrible cheesefest of actors . I do n't know about anyone else , but I am really tired of Jamie Foxx and his horrible attitude towards almost anything . By the time this movie started to get an interesting plot it was almost over , and the music was n't even that catchy at all.It was annoying after awhile , actually . I enjoyed this movie when they were n't singing , but it was just painful when they were.Also it was extremely perdictable . I knew what was going to happen before it did , which makes it boring to watch.The only reason it is getting any stars at all is because of Eddie Murphy and when they were n't singing .
 There are some really nice things about the film - the cast , the wardrobe , the music . However , there was n't much else . I ended up fast forwarding through most of it because I was so bored .
 There will be no toe tapping , and gone are the days when you leave a musical movie humming a tune from the film . This is a musical with songs so banal that you will not remember them three minutes after leaving the theater . If Motown really produced songs this forgettable we would have never heard of the Supremes .
 So many people I know were flying out the door to see this movie , and I 'd read a bunch of articles in Ebony , JET , and Essence about it , but for some reason , the previews did n't get me and I 'm a big fan of musicals . Although I like Beyonce and Jennifer Hudson is cool , I was more interested in seeing Eddie Murphy again and hoping that Jamie Foxx sang . The movie was your basic story about a girl group that blew up from a manager , and then the manager gave them problems . One member left the group because of the media 's superficiality and ended up with major issues . Another member became a star and got more attention than anybody else.Cons
 This is a great movie , right from the beginning there is music and singing some of the best songs I 've ever herd this movie has great costumes and performances , and vivid color , I give it 5 stars ! .
 After all of the hype surrounding this movie before it even came to the theaters , I was expecting to be wowed . Instead I was sorely disappointed . I just was n't feeling it the way that I felt movies like The Five Heartbeats , The Temptations , and Lady Sings The Blues . I watch these movies over and over . The acting in Dreamgirls was so-so . Jennifer Hudson did just okay , nothing spectacular . Beyonce did all right . Annika Rose is a very good singer and actress , but everybody seemed to be focused on Jennifer Hudson , because of the American Idol thing , and on Beyonce just because she is Beyonce . Out of all of the songs from Dreamgirls , I think that Beyonce 's `` Listen '' is the best . I could listen to it over and over . I own Jennifer Holliday 's CD , and I listen to her version of , `` And I am Telling You I 'm Not Going , '' but I doubt if I would listen to Jennifer Hudson 's version over and over again . Not that I 'm dissing Miss Hudson . She is a good singer , but just that ... nothing spectacular . I 've never seen the Broadway version of Dreamgirls , but I 'm hoping that maybe it has more of an edge to it than the movie .
 Since I never saw the Broadway show that this film is based on , I have no idea if the things I disliked so much about it are from its restructuring as a movie , or from the original stage version . But here are the reasons I thought it was a mess :1 . It was extremely jarring , more than a half-hour into the film , to see characters suddenly burst to song within their real-life situations , as opposed to just in performance . The concept should have started out either as a standard musical , where people sing in character as well as performers , OR they should have done the modern take , where the musical numbers are confined to stage and studio .2 . This blah-blah-blah about it is The Supremes , but it 's not The Supremes , is nonsense . It obviously IS intended to be about the real group , but some of their facts are wrong , to the point of being downright nasty toward Diana Ross . If you listen to their early recordings , it is only Diana 's voice that stands out uniquely , and that talent , ALONG with her looks , personality , and style propelled her to the front . There was no other gift to the extent of `` Effie 's '' among the other Supremes . To insinuate that `` Deena Jones '' rode to stardom solely as a `` product '' based on her looks is truly a fantasy .3 . Beyonce Knowles is terrible ! 4 . Yes , Jennifer Hudson is good , but her character is dreadfully one-dimensional , annoying , and over-written . Is n't the script called `` Dreamgirls '' ? It could have been a take-off on `` Funny Girl ''
 Dreamgirls is one of the worst films I saw in 2006 . First of all , I can see why this picture was n't nominated for an Oscar in the best picture category . And who said Jennifer Hudson could act , she would have never gotten the role of Elfie if it was n't for American Idol . Hudson 's acting so self-righteous and wooden , please tell how she won the Academy Award . Eddie Murphy ca n't sing and Beyonce looks like she does n't know what 's going on half the time , this film is pretty bad . I was expecting some great Broadway tunes but they are completely awful . The song , Cadillac is embarrassing and ridiculous . Stay away from Dreamgirls , such a pointless and idiotic musical . If you want to see a great musical then check-out Grease , A Chorus Line , and Chicago .
 Sorry but this movie did not WOW me like the rest of the world ! Great performances by Jennifer Hudson and Eddie Murphy -LRB- neither Oscar worthy , sorry -RRB- and the rest of the cast but the actual Broadway play was MUCH better ! Why did they kill James Thunder Early ? Why are they so set on making this a Diana Ross & the Supremes story ? All the references to Motown and picture stills from old Supremes album covers ... come on ! Why 'd they change the story and use Detroit rather than Chicago as where things began for the Dreamettes ? And where did the drug habit come from for Thunder Early ? -LRB- People swear this was based on David Ruffin 's death ... ? -RRB- The original Supremes -LRB- Primettes , sister group to the Primes ... later the Temptations -RRB- spent many years at Motown doing hanclaps and bckgrnds and were known as the `` No-Hit '' Supremes before `` Where did our Love Go '' hit!I like what Berry Gordy and Smokey Robinson said in JET mag about the movie ... read it . They do n't like it , lots of inacuracies.Big thumbs up on the FABULOUS cast of actors/singers and great songs . I am indeed glad that a black musical was brought to the screen after so many years . Not happy with the story depicted . Great costumes and music -LRB- get those UGLY wigs off of Jamie Foxx , Hinton Battle ... YUK -RRB- Pretty good movie but not Oscar worthy . Maybe the `` extras '' such as deleted scenes , more songs . . etc will be good on this DVD.Now I 'm waiting on the Broadway Play to come to DVD so I can see the real story without changes .
 see the 2 star `` J. R. South '' 12/26 review , who seems to be the only reviewer who saw the same movie I saw , the specifics of the critique are right on point - no need for me to repeat - do n't know what these other reviewers saw , this is just a flat out badly conceived and produced movie , started looking at my watch after 45 minutes , if you pass this one by you will have missed nothing , if you go - then make sure to come back and write a ridiculous rave review and do n't forget to mention `` Oscars ''
 This movie was horrible . It would not play on one of my DVD players . When I did get it to play , it was skipping and pausing constantly . I will never buy another movie from this seller . I am very disappointed .
 Knowing it was a musical I was prepared for a fair portion of singing but had not expected a movie hardly with any spoken lines ! There must have been about 1 full hour of song and to make matters worse most of the material ranged from forgettable to outright unmelodious or awkward . The cast certainly proved they could sing but with hardly a spoken line and without a decent storyline it made for very long and dull viewing .
 Obviously I did not like this movie . It has some of my favorite artists and actors in it , but it just never took off . I was thinking that it would be something like `` Ray '' , and be based upon the Supreme 's motown hits , but the music was not fun and in short this was a boring film . I gave up on it with 20 minutes to go , something that I rarely do .
 God , this movie was one of the worst I 've seen in a while . I was n't expecting it since it got like , Golden Globes and stuff . But , it was boring and the music was bland .
 This movie is totally boring . There is no plot . I am glad I just rented it from the local library .
 As the story of the Supremes , I wonder why they did n't just make a bio-pic with the real music ? As it stands , this is unsatisfying , and the original score is a screechfest that 's not even close to Motown in style . This reminds of the awful Bette Midler 70s pic , `` The Rose , '' another attempt to tell a star 's story without actually naming the star , in that case Janis Joplin . Eddie Murphy , as the Marvin Gayish singer , is sort of impressive here , but Jamie Foxx is expressionless as the Berry Gordy-like character . The dreamgirls themselves are forgettable . Watch it if you like ear-numbing screeching .
 With all the hype about this film/musical being based loosely on the Supremes , I expected to be treated to some 60s music , or at least an approximation of the Motown sound of the period . It seems as if the singers in this film have the talent to sell that sound , if in fact it had been incorporated into the movie , but it 's not there . With the many references to the events and culture of the 1960s in the script I 'd think the film would at least make an attempt to emphasize that unmistakable Motown sound , but I guess the context here is the 1980s Broadway show and its made-for-Broadway musical schlock and NOT mid-60s soul music . That is a shame and it ruins this film for me . Cue up any Supremes song from 1965-67 before you watch this film and then decide whether this stuff has anything to do with the kind of music they made.If this is not important to you , if you think a film succeeds based on extravagant costumes , big Broadway-Vegas production numbers , lots of attractive faces , and utterly forgettable but loud music , then you may enjoy this .
 This movie was Ok . I did n't really care for it ! It 's not as great as the people say it was . I wish the ended was different . The singing was good ! I think there was too much singing in the film , Each time a problem came up they would sing about it ! I like it in a sence that it talks about how black were n't treated equal in the music business or any where else . I like how it showed a white guy making a hit from a black guys song ! That 's what they did back then ! `` You Know ! '' I think if you like musical and like the pros and cons of the white 's and blacks then this film is for you.I hope you take this film into consideration . ~ Enjoy the movie ~
 Time for an ounce of common sense and perspective , from a woman that sure has earned the right -LRB- me , of course ! -RRB- . This movie is a crash-and-burn failure from the moment it begins to when the end credits roll.The music never sounds authentic to the time frame of the movie . Even if somehow this crud had been released by Motown back in the day , it would 've killed their reputation because none of them would have been hits . Worst of the bunch is the kidnergarden joke of a song , `` Cadillac Car '' . There was no need for it to be a true musical . This could 've been the phoney biopic that it is without having any of the actors singing their dialogue.What Jennifer Hudson does in this movie is merely an approximation of singing . It 's more commonly known as histrionics . Her big moment of `` I 'm Telling You I 'm Not Going '' -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- is painful and grating.Eddie Murphy is the only participant who hints at something better -LRB- even if his singing has n't improved beyond his old James Brown routines and inane recordings in the '80s -RRB- - but on a dramatic level he is given nearly nothing to do . His performance is comprised almost entirely of onstage songs , which are delivered with much energy but do not result in a well-crafted character.Not one single music biopic cliche is left unturned - and this is of course an entirely fictitous movie which COULD have resulted in some imagination . Why not just watch a made-for-TV biopic likeThe TemptationsorThe Jacksons - An American Dream -LRB- The Complete Miniseries -RRB- because those are at the very least based on true stories . PLUS they have the genuine article when it comes to the music .
 well what can i say about this film , not much , some of the songs are good , and the singing is ok . the whole story is rubbish the film is over long and becomes very silly and boring , so all in all i dont think it was any good and is a complete wast of time and money ... i have loved diana ross for years and this film is just something made up by some bloody fool .
 I was really looking forward to watching the movie . As the story unfolded , I kept thinking it was going to get better . Alas , I was so bored that I turned it off after an hour . If you like the actors or are big into musicals , then maybe this wo n't be your opinion . Yes , they are certainly a talented group of actors/actresses with wonderful vocal cords , it just seemed like a dozen other ` somebody crawled out of anonymity to fame story ' . I felt the dialogue dragged as if someone just retold an old story but freshened the words and added the requisite characters . I have already told others not to waste their money but revisit a classic such as `` Ray '' .
 jennifer hudson ca n't act but she can act like there is a god giving her awards . eddie murphy lost it . beyonce is a poser . movies like this have been made before and have been made better . its just garbage . we 've seen it before . OVERHYPED . watch it again . . yeah it 's garbage .
 Gave this as a Christmas gift ... just found out the person is not able to watch the DVD bc it is defective ...
 I did like the music - although nothing about this film compares to Chicago in terms of score , acting , depth or cinematography . The racial agenda was pretty blatant . I guess it should be expected . It must be a standard requirement in Black films - all White and Asian are either thieves , awkward & dull idiots , or mean victimizers . It 's a cultural motif that no adult -LRB- at least any thinking adult -RRB- buys .
 This movie is terrible . I 'm not surprised it made its way so fast to DVD - 2 hours of screaming - I do n't call it singing . None of the songs had a melody , does not compare to Diana Ross and the Supremes , if this is what this story was supposed to be about . I turned it off 11/4 hour into the DVD - could n't care less what happened to the characters . It seems people either hated or loved this one - I could n't stand it . So far the worse movie I watched in 2007 .
 It would make you forget this 2007 reinterpretation so fast your head would spin . Movie does NOT catch the flavor of the 60s at all . Or ANY of the charisma of the original . Totally different . You now know less than when you started .
 DREAMGIRLS has individual parts and pieces that , when film production was announced , sounded delicious , like a surefire winner . But the parts , as good as they are , do not gel into the knockout whole that this movie could have been . Writer Bill Condon -LRB- CHICAGO -RRB- , who also directed DREAMGIRLS , perhaps was spread too thin to pull this one off.The legendary Broadway musical of 1981 was directed by the late Michael Bennett -LRB- the stage version of A CHORUS LINE -RRB- who was lauded for his `` cinematic '' staging of the original . He managed , with pivoting onstage towers and with lighting , to achieve before the eyes of a live audience what amounted to the stage version of cinematic wipes , dissolves , cross-cutting , and fades . His vision made for thrilling stage work , as he had done in A CHORUS LINE.Twenty-five years after the original Broadway show , DREAMGIRLS seemed like a guaranteed screen hit . With CHICAGO , Condon had already shown in his adaptation that Broadway musicals still had legs for the medium of film.Not only would the movie version of DREAMGIRLS feature mega-star Beyonce Knowles , Oscar-winner Jamie Foxx , veteran film star Eddie Murphy and `` American Idol '' reject Jennifer Hudson -LRB- `` everybody loves to root for an underdog '' , etc. -RRB- ; DREAMGIRLS would be shepherded to the screen by DREAMWORKS and David Geffen.But despite what sounds like a 24-carat pedigree , the movie simply falls short of expectations . The script talks about how white performers in the 50 's and 60 's repackaged black performers ' songs and style . But the execution of this point is weak . -LRB- Was Hollywood afraid to alienate the white audience it needed to make the film version a bona fide box office hit ? -RRB- Montages of archival footage of the Civil Rights era are on screen , but they seem to exist in another world from the action of the main storyline.Despite her Golden Globe win as Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy or Musical , Jennifer Hudson is a weak substitute for the great Jennifer Holiday , who originated the role of Effie White . We want Hudson to be good . But she simply does not have the voice that Holiday used to burrow Effie 's rejection and pain into the very bone marrow of those privileged to see her perform the role onstage . Holiday 's live version of Effie 's powerful lament , `` And I am Telling You I 'm Not Going , '' is one of the most powerful performances that will ever close a first act -- or any act -- on the stage or screen . Whereas Holiday 's version contains in every breath soul-ravaging pain , Hudson , on certain notes , goes nasal , thin and strained.Let 's face it
 NO STARS !!!!!!! I FIND IT DIFFICULT TO ARTICULATE THE SADNESS AND DISAPPOINTMENT I FELT AS I WATCHED THIS MADNESS ... I STARTED TO EXIT THE THEATER TWICE AS I ENDURED THE TORTURE OF THIS FIASCO ... FIRST TIME , I DECIDED TO STAY HOPING IT WOULD GET BETTER ... THE SECOND TIME I JUST FIGURED , I SAT THIS LONG , LET ME SEE EXACTLY WHERE THIS TRAIN CRASHES AND BURNS ... AND THIS TRAIN CRASHES AND BURNS ... REPEATEDLY ... BEYONCE ... TERRIBLE BUT MY GOODNESS , SHE SAID MAYBE 80 WORDS THE ENTIRE FILM , QUITE UNDER CONTROL IT SEEMS ... TOO LATE YALL ... WE ALL KNOW SHE AINT THE SHARPEST KNIFE IN THE DRAWER ... JAMIE FOXX AND JENNIFER HUDSON DID FAIRLY DECENT WITH WHAT THEY HAD TO WORK WITH WHICH IS VERY LITTLE ... THE SCRIPT WAS FLAT ... NUMEROUS MISSED OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEANINGFUL DIALOGUE ... IF I WAS TRULY INTERESTED I AM SURE I COULD GO BACK AND COUNT AT LEAST A DOZEN MAJOR MISSES , BUT I AM NOT A MASOCHIST ... JENNIFER 'S SINGING IS GOOD ... JUST GOOD ... I LIKE HER BECAUSE SHE IS LIKABLE , BUT SHE AINT NO REE-REE OR GLADYS , OR CHAKA , OR JENNIFER OR EVEN JILL , OR NAVASHA ... BUT I LIKE HER ... JAMIE , GOOD AS THE GREEDY , POWERFUL MOGUL , BUT AGAIN NOT A LOT TO WORK WITH ... MOST DISGUSTING DISAPPOINTMENT OF ALL , EDDIE MURPHY IN THIS FAKE JAKE IMITATION AND DESECRATION OF JAMES BROWN , ET AL. . . NEITHER SERIOUSLY FUNNY NOR SERIOUSLY SERIOUS ... WHAT IS HE DOING ?? AND NOW BEING REWARDED FOR DISRESPECTING THE GODS ... A TRUE DEMONSTRATION OF THE DUMBING AND NUMBING OF AMERICAN CULTURE ... WHAT A MESS
 Full Disclosure
 Despite the hype that Dreamgirls received , both critically and at the Box Office , I still believe there 's something lacking here . Without a doubt , the singing is incredible , and Jennifer Hudson is truly a wonderful singer and up-and-coming actress . What was overlooked was Anika Noni Rose 's amazing performance as the third Dreamette . However , the plot itself does not develop fully until very late in the movie . The first hour is almost unbearable , in my opinion , as there is little emphasis on a central occurrence , rather the director employs montages to move the movie along.As another reviewer has noted , this movie does not hold up to Rent or Chicago . If you truly want to see it because of the movie itself , then see it . But if you 're going off Hollywood 's hype alone -LRB- as I did -RRB- , I would n't recommend the movie . You really have to enjoy the original Dreamgirls Broadway concept to enjoy the movie .
 At about the 90 minute mark , I felt that my nightmare was just about over . I then remembered that there was about 40 minutes left to this string of cliches . I plan to start a 12-step recovery group for myself and others who have been traumatized by this travesty . What was so bad about it ? Only the writing/acting/music / period-detail/directing ... everything else was pretty good .
 What a shallow , jivey take on the heyday of black pop crossover . We 've seen it all before , done with just as much disregard for pop history and music similarly mediocre . I 'm thankful that Jennifer Hudson fever has passed . Correction , she sings horribly in a new series of Weight Watchers ads in which it seems each syllable has been edited and even that ca n't fix the shrill , constipated performance . She 's a run-of-the-mill , overheated , overrated faxed-in diva.Unacceptibly poorly lip-synched , the forgettable , mediocre music is fake early 70 's soul cheese/Broadway maudlin , yet the plot - show bizness back-stabbing , Cadillacs , cliched cash-accumulation montages , sundry pimpy stuff and of course , Negroes dopin ' it up - seems set , judging by all the cultural references , vintage cars , riots , MLK , at the rise of the Supremes in the 60 's . I do like Eddie Murphy 's slippery , egotistical character but his instant transformation into James Brown was absurd.Will Hollywood ever stop making movies like this ? Apparently not as long as people have short-memories and are swayed by relentless media-hype . This is dreck . Have you forgotten about it yet ? This is `` soul '' jive for white people , Simon Cowell and Hollywood tinkling on us all for cash . It has nothing to do with the Supremes , or anything real for that matter . I wanted to like it , having heard so many raves from the professional critics , but I should have known better . When one-word reviews like `` magnificent '' and `` stunning '' are all you hear , you 're hearing the voices of shills whose highest aspirations are to get their banalities on TV so maybe they can get famous too .
 I ca n't believe I actually thought this movie would be good . And I love musicals ! -LRB- I do own Grease one and two , Sound Of Music etc - I am that sad . -RRB- I was actually warned before hand that the characters actually start SINGING their lines to each other , but I figured , every musical does that at some point - against a backing track . But no , there 's no backing track at the some point , and it 's simply stupid for them to start singing their lines.Basically , there 's no story . It 's trying to work a story around the songs , basing the story around the story of the Supremes , and also possibly Destiny 's Child if you look closely enough . There 's absolutely no point to Eddie Murphy 's character , he has become a paraody of himself , and was pretty much playing Donkey the entire role.Beyonce lost approximately 20lbs to play this role , which was absolutely unnecessary since she had a gorgeous figure as it was . She thankfully , does n't go too skinny , which could have been possible , but yet I do n't think they would have told Jennifer Hudson to lose weight somehow!The film does start to go somewhere towards the end , for their final show , and just before Deena gets fed up with her life , and records the brilliant song `` Listen '' . The lyrics meant a lot to me when I heard it on her album , but the lryics mean so much more in the film . It 's really the only part of the movie that works.I would warn everybody to avoid this movie as much as possible . There 's no point to it .
 I pre-ordered this 2-disc set and could n't wait to receive it . The family sat down to watch the movie together on a Friday night , and low and behold , the CD 's were completely blank . We tried 2 different machines and they were just blank . Thankfully , Amazon has a great return policy and a week later , I had a replacement set . And guess what ? They are blank too ! I 've never had an experience like this with DVD 's before . What 's up with that ?
 This movie is absolutely sickening , and I could not even stomach it . Also , the comparisons of this movie , and the broadway show it is based on to the rise , and fall of the Supremes are utterly laughable.First of all , `` Dreamgirls '' is not based on the rise and fall of the Supremes . It is about the MTV girl group known as Bee-Yawn-Cee and Desintary 's Child , with Bee-Yawn-Cee playing herself , Jennifer Simpleton playing Michelle Williams , and Anika Nomi Rose playing Kelly Roland.Second , to say that Diana Ross slept with Berry Gordy to get to where she is today is an outright lie . The fact is that history proved Berry Gordy correct in making Diana Ross the lead singer of the Supremes.Third , the time , and location of which this movie is based in are just wrong . Flat wrong . The time period in the show , and in this movie is the late 1990 's , and early 2000 's , and the setting is not Detroit . The setting is Chicago.When I watched this movie , I had to wonder what planet I was on . Anything that has American Idol is what I try to avoid . The acting is soulless , the singing is absolutely rubbish , and there is no good story . I suspect that this Broadway show and movie was made by some payed Supremes hack who has been under the manipulative lies of that scum traitor known as Mary Wilson . Florence Ballard had a hand in her own downfall , and for good reason . I do n't need this movie to tell me the story of the Supremes . I would read any book by Diana Ross , or Thomas Adrahtas . Why ? It 's because those books set the records straight when it comes to the Supremes . This movie is not recommended . Avoid or risk contempt !
 If anything proves the old adage `` They do n't make ` em like they used to '' it 's the recent -LRB- and I ca n't write this word without an industrial-scale vat of sarcasm -RRB- ` musical ' called ` Dreamgirls ' . Starring Jamie Foxx , Beyonc&eacute; Knowles and Eddie Murphy , Dreamgirls is adapted from the highly successful stage musical which is loosely based on the story of Diana Ross and the Supremes and the rise and fall of the Motown record label . The mettle of any musical is tested by the quality of its soundtrack so on that basis Dreamgirls is probably the worst musical I 've seen since Moulin Rouge . It 's only about half way though the film when , on the way to a fight in an alleyway that one of the characters suddenly burst into song and we realise that we 're watching a musical at all . Up until then it 's merely a bad film about the music industry with badder songs -LRB- badder in the ` not good sense ' as opposed to the James Brown sense -RRB- The ` I 'm Telling You I 'm Not Going ' sequence is more than aptly named - I thought I was going to die of old age before it ended . In fact it 's probably still going on somewhere . Newcomer Jennifer Hudson , who apparently won herself in an American television contest , steals a show which really is n't worth having . Beyonc&eacute; does little more than give ` gorgeous lessons ' to all and sundry while Eddie Murphy 's much lauded performance is merely adequate . The only oasis in this cinematic desert is the Op-art sets and Beyonc&eacute; 's 60 's / 70 's Ross-esque costumes.Dreamgirls is further evidence that the idiom of the musical appears to be a creature of the past . Unlike the last great film musical Grease -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , Dreamgirls ' editing suggests that none of the dancers are capable of a complete uninterrupted routine and if the songs here were truly of the standard that Motown were putting out they would never have been heard beyond the confines of Berry Gordy 's bedroom . Surely Motown , arguably the most important record label in the history of recorded sound , deserves a better tribute that this . No siree-bop , they do n't make ` em like they used to . Next time you 're in the mood for a truly great musical , with great songs and brilliantly choreographed dance spectacle and you 're all Gene Kelly 'd out - see James Cagney 's little known 1933 classic Footlight Parade ' you 'll be singing ` Shanghai Lil ' for days .
 The DVD was playing well until it had gotten to a certain scene and then it errored -LRB- first it starts skipping , then no sound , and then the error msg
 I was very disappointed . Everyone has compared this story to the Supremes , but the music was not even close to the Supremes . It was more like from the 40 's . It did n't sound anything like the 60 's music or even the music from the 50 's . It reminded me more of Westside Story . It was a mis-representation . I am a big Beyonce Knowles fan , but the music provided for her was a big disappointment .
 Let me begin by saying that I did n't have very high expectations for this movie in the first place
 I had high hopes for this movie , but was disappointed in finding a wandering minstrel . Who was the hero ? What was the story ? Where was it going , and did it ever arrive ? I was so bored I fast-forwarded through many of the musical numbers , and would have fast-forwarded through the rest , but I kept hoping I 'd figure it out . I never did . Of course , it is possible that I finally got so bored that I fast-forwarded to the end and totally missed the point , but I do n't think so . For a film that had so much potential to be really good , this was a bummer . In my opinion . And this has nothing to do with race . I love a movie where ordinary or extraordinary blacks overcome white-supremacist obstacles and rise to heights not formerly expected of them . But this film left me feeling cheated . Sorry . I really , really wanted to be in the cheering squad , and I found myself hissing instead . What went wrong ?
 This movie drifts into absurdity . The scenes when it tries to slip into operatic mode are not convincing and poorly produced . From there it rapidly declines into meaningless drivel and unlike any opera I have seen , and that is many , I feel that it should make up it 's mind about what it wants to be . I wish for something more than a recital of rock songs trying to blend into a plot . The plot is based on the Supreme 's who were a top national act who sang some of the greatest songs of the sixties . They should sue the makers of this picture for trivializing their image . This quickly becomes the first black soap opera I have seen . Looking at the prices for this on this site pretty much confirm my thoughts . Not many movies have a price of $ 4.99 for new copies of them .
 One of the more difficult to get through movies you 'll experience in a long time . Do not be fooled by the `` Best Picture '' award . Most musicals feel a need to advance some hint of a plot either with - or between - the songs . Not this film . It simply enjoys its own awful songs too much to let the audience in on any sense of what is going on.And did they give Jennifer Hudson the Best Stereotype Award ? In a one-dimensional role requiring exactly no range from an actress , she hit all the right notes . They give ACTING awards for being yourself in front of a camera now?Might be the worst `` Best Picture '' ever .
 This movie gets one star because for all its hype and awards this movie was boring . The story was not all that interesting , the music was even less interesting . I do n't what type of singing it is that Beyonce and Jennifer Hudson sing , but it has no melody and follows no beat , I would call commercial gospel . Nevertheless , it 's a real turnoff and does not do any justice to the great music produced by Motown . Beyonce is just horrible and a fake . Can she ever make you believe she is playing anyone else but herself ? Yeah , compared to her , Jennifer Hudson does seem like an academy award actress . Hudson has potential but is n't quite there yet . The accolades and awards where a little premature . I am not sure what criteria was applied to this movie to make everyone think it was so good , but it 's not . Save your money and buy the Supremes Greatest Hits .
 I was really , really disappointed by this film , especially after all the reviews pegging it as a harginger of the rebirth of the musical movie genre ... There are some good performances , most notably Jennifer Hudson -LRB- omigod she 's so cute ! -RRB- and Eddie Murphy -LRB- wow , I 'm impressed -RRB- but the script and the libretto are disjointed and artlessly blunt . The earlier musical numbers suffer from the adaptation to screen , with too many montage sequences and not enough full performances . The musical numbers in the second half of the film get better treatment , but by then it 's hard to care . Stylistically , the music is packed with anachronisms -LRB- particularly in the early , R&B years -RRB- and the plot just jumps around , counting on viewers to either play catch-up or ignore the fact that the entire film is dramatically flat and is a stitched-together patchwork of poorly scripted , poorly directed scenes ... Indeed , the whole production seems to rely on the good will of the audience , but having given that good will for the full two hours , I feel entitled to point out that the emperor ai n't got no clothes . Did n't do much for me , but I 'm kinda picky . -LRB- Axton -RRB-
 Sorry to report this , but this movie , which was one of the most over-hyped films in recent memory , was so far below the original Broadway production that it is a shame to mention it in the same breath.Now mind you , I saw the stage play twice hoping that each time I might like it better , but that did not happen . The original show has very little plot as you bounce from one song to the next . The film , on the other hand , adds so much unnecessary extra material that the film gets really draggy.The new songs added do nothing to push any plot forward , and apart from `` I am Tellin ' You '' this show is a one hit wonder!Apart from that , this film or the show has little to recommend to anyone except those who want to hear screeching with unintelligible words!This film is all splash and no substance.One note of praise
 Ugh ! This film was awful . Beyonce can not act her way out of a wet paper back and her singing is marginal , at best . Jennifer Hudson has a huge voice , but the songs are so bellowy it has little to no effect . Eddie Murphy and Jamie Foxx were just ridiculous casting . Avoid this turkey .
 Diana Ross , Berry Gordy , smokey Robinson , etc. . . should be paid for this weak Movie that just takes everything from it . Jennifer Hudson pretty much steals the whole film . Beyonce ai n't got a clue at acting . Jamie foxx is trying to hard and it 's mixed . as for Eddie Murphy his many takes on singers and stylings feels like One of his standups , except he is suppose to be playing One , but he ca n't get One fully right let alone the many he is trying to emulate . the film is too long and it jumps all over the place and it 's so cliche and everybody who knows there music history knows this film is about Motown . this Film is a Insult to Motown . that Corny Broke take on the Jackson Five really took the cake . this Film was Corny and a straight up slap to the face to what Motown Records Accomplished .
 Evil is the first ever greek horror film which deals with ... zombies and because i 'm a zombie fan and also a greek u can imagine my happiness when i heard about this movie so i went straight and watched it in a greek theater with many expectations but unfortunately although it was a nice try it had nothing to do with the superb romero series and it suffered with the disease that all greek productions are suffering . The lack of experienced actors but that 's another topic.Anyways , if u are a zombie fan check this out BUT i warn you u will be tired as time passes by.There are some good scenes like the last one with the soccer field but that wo n't save the movie.A Cult movie because it 's the first ever greek zombie flick but it will never be a classic one .
 Horrible I mean horrible picture quality . Also its all subtitled . I swear I rented this movie at Hollywood video when it first came out and it was dubbed english and fit fullscreen and widescreen not just a little square on the tv and no matter how u changed format it would n't enlarge it . grrr ... . Funny and gory good time movie though . If you are okay with horrible film transfer to dvd quality go for it . . If not try and find a different version/copy . .
 This series is very poor . The content is slow , and boring -- even for small children . But it is not only the content that is bad . The tape reproduction quality is totally unacceptable . Even the labels look like the tapes have been sitting in a trash heap in the sun 5-6 years . The sound quality is also so poor that several sounds can not be distinguished . What is the point of a phonics tape when a child -LRB- or parent -RRB- can not understand the sounds presented due to VERY poor sound quality?I live in Beijing and could buy 10th generation pirated tapes with better sound/picture quality one any streetcorner . I have emailed amazon.com to request they stop selling this trash as if it were a commercially produced tape series worth the price of shipping .
 I am a college student majoring in film with an emphasis or writing and directing . We had to watch this film in one of my film classes . One word
 `` Woman in the Dunes '' is a minor classic of Japanese cinema ; beautiful to watch , intriguing , and with a superb score and sound track by Toru Takemitsu . The DVD transfer , however , is very disappointing . The manufacturer claims that the DVD version is a restoration made from the original negative . This may be true , but its a mediocre restoration , soft and much too dark . Night and many interior scenes are barely legible . This is the first premium priced DVD I 've seen that is inferior to the VHS version , at least the cassette put out by the Connoisseur Video Collection .
 This was a very unusual story by an author with a clever imagination . The story basically is of a woman that lives in a sand dune with a house that continually fills with the shifting sand . An unfortunate school teacher that is a collector of bugs for his class stumbles upon three men who tell him he missed his bus and that he can stay with her . The poor man must climb down a rope ladder to get to her house , and he is held captive and must help her each day shovel up the sand which is pulled up each day by a block and tackle by the three strangers . It is a test of the human spirit . First he struggles each day to climb the dune only to have the sand collapse , then the resignation of not making an attempt to excape . In the final end , he is rescued . There is a dramatic love scene that is more of need than of love . I purchased a used V.C.R. tape which was not a good one , and had been nearly worn out . I 'm not sure if it comes on a D.V.D. . The tape was so worn that there were hundreds of white flash spots . Not fun to watch . However the story in black and white and the scenes of never ending sand , of the ingenuity of living with it is riviting . I highly advise buying the D.V.D. if available .
 I am a huge Jamie Oliver fan and was fascinated by his work with the UK school lunches . So I grabbed this DVD when I saw it.This is SHORT - just 20 minutes for $ 15 !!! thought it was longer.The content is OK , but the description here made it sound like much more . `` turned his attention to American schools '' ... uh - in this DVD he does a 10 minute interview with the news guy ... that 's ALL ... and about 2/3 of the interview is not even with Jamie.Would have been OK for like $ 5 or even $ 8 - but NOT for the price of a full length movie and with no real NEW content for anyone already familiar with Jamie 's UK School lunch reform .
 It was a pretty movie visually , but there is no plot and the character relationships go nowhere . It may be interesting to watch once , but only if you are very awake ! It 's a snoozer for sure ...
 We bought this movie for our daughter 's French class . We were disappointed that there were n't English subtitles for all of the dialogue - some of the words that were not the main character speaking were not translated . Also , the plot was very slow .
 Nothing much happens in this movie . The movie moves so slow , 106 minutes feel like 4 hours . Of the 106 minutes , 90 are merely scenes of the African landscape accompanied by music . Yes , it is beautiful but I 'd rather have a storyline.The social and sexual tensions are barely explored , they are barely grazed , merely hinted at . I fast forwarded through half the movie , hoping to stumble upon a good scene that never came . Slow moving , tediously boring and with a plot that is never explored . The racial relations are purely explored . We get more exploration of racial and sexual relations in `` Growing Pains - The Complete First Season '' PLUS a message of the week !
 In reading the other reviews posted , I feel as though I missed something . Granted , the scenery is quite beautiful and the characters are interesting , but I failed to find any sort of plot . It took me over a week to watch the entire movie , as I would get bored and turn it off . I kept hoping that eventually the story would make sense , only to be disappointed .
 I 've ended up with this movie three times while trying to rent the Juliette Binoche/Johnny Depp movie by the same name . My wife and I tried to watch it twice and finally succeeded , but it was only with the help of the fast-forward button -LRB- which we used to speed through 80 % of the thing -RRB- . I agree with others who 've said that the cinematography is nice , but there is no plot , no character development , no continuity -- nothing to carry you from one occasionally pretty bit of scenery to the next.If there was any tension to the film , anything that inspired your curiosity and made you keep viewing , it was the burning question of when something was actually going to happen.It was not that it did n't have potential , either . The film was ripe for explorations of racial issues and of the inner landscape of the white girl who 'd returned to the Africa of her youth , of all the things that could go along with returning home after a long time away even , but none of that happened . The film just blundered from one place to the next without saying or revealing anything.Before I saw the 4 - and 5-star reviews here , I suspected that the only way the movie managed to stay in stock at the local video store was because it kept getting confused with the other Chocolat movie . Maybe that 's why it got the same name , so people would be forced to watch it?If you want great cinematography and a story that will hold your attention , go for something like `` Out From Africa '' . If , however , you have been unable to sleep and need an insomnia cure , this is the one for you.This one is uncontested in the # 1 position on my `` dud '' list .
 This film of the D-Day landing is a superb rendering of the events of June 6th , 1944 . Unfortunately , those of us who have widescreen TVs will be forced to watch it in 4:3 ratio -LRB- which means that the picture is tiny - in the centre of the screen -RRB- . The reason for this is that fairly large amounts of the film are -LRB- rightly so -RRB- in German and French , consequently , any attempt to blow the image up causes the subtitles for those languages to dissapear off the screen.If Fox had bothered to produce an anamorphic version of the film , then this would probably not be the case.Incidentally , Fox in their great and utter wisdom , for the Australian -LRB- Region 4 -RRB- release of this film , although producing an anamorphic version , decided not to have any subtitles at all!Anyone watching this version for the first time must surely be totally mystified as to what was actually going on !
 How can anyone consider this to be an accurate interpretation of D-Day with barely a mention of the Canadian involvement . Juno beach was one of the more well defended beaches and the location a key to the success of D-Day . The Canadians fought against the best the Germans had in Normandy and never get the credit they deserved .
 I was greatly disappointed with Amazon , upon receipt of this product !! I clearly specified that I wanted the COLORISED version and clicked on same . I was led to believe by AMAZON that the colorised version was available , so I ordered it ... And when it arrived , it was the same old B&W ; version !! I 'm still interested , but ONLY if it 's colorised ... Please let me know CLEARLY if you have that version available or not . I can always give away the B&W ; version if I can acquire the colorised version ... Do you have it or not ???? Please answer me at -LSB- ... -RSB- And no double talk , please !! Annie Silva
 I am in the process of changing all of my movies from VCR Casettes to DVD becausse my player for the cassettes broke and can not be replaced . I had the VCR version of this already . Do n't know who made the mistake
 SURPRISE ... this DVD does not play in our area we are told when we put it in . -LRB- Message comes up on the screen -RRB- . Did YOU ever hear of such a thing ? We sure have n't ... we live in NY . To return it , we have to pay the postage costs ... more than the DVD cost . Pretty disgusted .
 I find all the positive reviews about this movie very interesting indeed.This is certainly not the best war movie ever , and I ask you to watch some other war films -LRB- including some foreign ones -RRB- such as
 Widescreen television owners normally can purchase a non-anamorphic widescreen movie , and assume , though the picture will be softened , that they can watch it using the zoom picture on their television.BE FORWARNED ... IF YOU HAVE A WIDESCREEN TELEVISION , AND NO VERTICAL IMAGE ADJUSTMENT TO THE ZOOM FEATURE , you will not be able to watch this movie on your set -LRB- except in normal mode -RRB- . The manufacturers , in their infinite wisdom , decided to place the subtitles in the black dead space BELOW THE PICTURE . On a widescreen television , they are truncated.Fortunately for me , I can adjust the image upward on the screen , revealing the full subtitles . However , this is really not something I should HAVE to do.An anamorphic release would have cured this ... but even without one ... just using some brains when producing this DVD would have helped !
 I have a high end sony blu-ray player , and for some reason this is the only blu-ray that will not play at all and yes I have a network conection . This blu-ray has no scraches either .
 All the potential to be great but they had to throw in some God awful slapstick . Edit out an hour . Corny .
 Love this one and all the old war movies . The one star is for the quality of the transfer from -LRB- VHS to DVD -RRB-
 did not purchase , did not purchase , did not purchaser , did not purchase , get it !! i have bo experience . i prurchased the other 2 disc `` longest day ''
 I purchased the dvd for Father 's Day , but it would n't even play in his dvd player . The disc was scratched and I could n't return because my dad informed me after it was too late to get a refund .
 The movies great if you get the chance to watch the complete film . As others have stated the film gets stuck halfway through and you cant finish watching it . This cd is the first i 've had that has actually failed halfway through and i use the slim 360 to watch movies .
 I am a fan of WWII movies . I was looking forward to the arrival of this two disk set . The Film is of course magnificent . I was looking forware to the addition stuff that now comes with DVDs , commentary , interviews , making of films , featurettes , etc. . Afterall , there are lots of historians and others who will add to the filmit self . I was wrong . the commentaries are so bad I could hardly make myself finish them . Neither commentaters was prepared . The other matterial was also very poorly done as commpared to what is available on the History Chan and other sources .
 The Normandy battle looks like it was shot on some little beach in NJ and the comedy is just pointless . Why try to make a joke out of this subject . The perception of the English , Scottish , and French is just ignorant . Obviously for it 's time this movie was decent but to say this movie is realistic is a smack in every veterans face .
 This may well be Hollywood 's definitive D-day movie . It may be a classic . It may feature an unbelievably star studed cast ... . but its still boring as watching paint dry.The movie does indeed take in many important persectives of the D Day ladings , but in doing so the plot reads more like a documentary than a narrative , and as such it fails to really grab attention . Which makes it all the more tempting to fast forward through the many tedious and slow moving scenes that fall in between the action.There is far too much dead time in this movie . Characters pause for dramatic effect where there 's little to be gained , their dialogue is often expositional and pedestrian and their reaction times to dramatic events -LRB- including getting shot -RRB- are unbelievably slow.While there 's a need to illustrate the sense of suspense preceeding the invasion , there is a limit to how many pregnant pauses you can take in the course of a 3 hour movie ... Once the action gets started it 's entertaining enough -LRB- barring the insertion of further dramatic pauses -RRB- , but clearly not up to the level of violent realism of Private Ryan - soldiers getting shot have a tendency to freeze in motion -LRB- more pauses ... -RRB- and then fall in the direction the bullets have come from , etc. . I 'm sure that for their time the special effects are pretty good , and the scale of the scenes is admittedly spectacular , but lets face it its still black and white , pre-CGI stuff.This movie could be compressed to half its running time without the viewer missing much -LRB- except lots of pauses and a few redundant characters and sub plots ... -RRB- . I 'd be happy to have this on in the background on a rainy Sunday afternoon but I would n't recommend watching it from beginning to end ...
 I bought this DVD and several others as Christmas gifts for my husband . He finally sat down to watch it tonight and I wish he had n't . The DVD cuts out just before the final chapter and freezes the playback . This turned what I had hoped to be a thoughtful gift for a fan of WWII films into a very bad experience for us both . There has to be a more well manufactured version out there . My advice is , look for it and avoid this one .
 Director Darryl F. Zanuck tried his best with the technical resources at his dispostition at the time and using the narrative standar for epic movies of that time . But watching this movie today is a really act of courage . It drags and drags , the three hours seem to never end . Also , even if they tried to give a view of the global situation , they failed miserably.The movie is an endless sequence of shell and fire sounds , a really pain . I simply do n't like the movie , although I understand what they tried to do .
 Well I will keep this short , because this treatment of the Normandy invasion had me bored for most the the movie . Why ? Because the movie is essentially a theaterical depiction of the invasion with virtually no character development , no story line and no military stragey to show how planning was developed . John Wayne left me realing against his over-blown personality and silly manner.Others were just as bad . I saw this film when it first came out , did not think to highly of it then and certainly know now how poor this thing is . A waste of time and money to say the least . A THUMBS DOWN ! !
 I saw this movie a couple days ago . It was good but too unrealistic . Soldiers die a short and easy death but this movie can not be compared to Saving Private Ryan at all
 Despite having 48 International stars and winning two Oscars . I found it to be a big let downThe sory of D-day told by both sides jumped around to much.It seems the plot was all sub plots.Rent it Do n't buy it . Not a good war picture
 This may not have great explosions but saving pvt. ryan was an awsome tale about a soildier and his trip to hell and back and the longest day was about all of D-day so dont bash saving pvt. ryan ... tnx
 This is crap ! When they invade the beach ... that 's some sad acting ! I hate this movie because it makes the americans always come out winners ! It 's like they kill Germans non-stop , and they never get hit ! THIS MOVIE SUCKS ! I also know for a fact -LRB- I ca n't remember what it was -RRB- but I read somewhere -LRB- maybe it was an Ambrose book -RRB- that this movie is n't even accurate ! The ending was wrong . That was n't how Normandy was won ! Geez , I mean it 's bad when the facts about an epic invasion are n't even accurate ! Saving Private Ryan is n't all about the Normandy campaign , but it is a lot about what men we n't through . The beach in SPR was n't a bunch of John Wayne 's running up the beach never getting hit , killing Germans ! SPR was the americans getting slaughtered ! They eventually won the beach , but the cost of human life makes you wonder if it was worth it ! In SPR people are dropping like flies . What are they doing in Longest Day ? They are running up the beach like they 're getting Nerf darts fired on them ! IF IT WENT TO ZERO STARS , THAT 'S WHAT I WOULD GIVE IT !
 After having purchased the non-anamorphic version of `` The Longest Day '' , one of the truly great war epics , I recently purchased the two-disc `` Cinema Classics Collection '' and was sorely disappointed with lack of clarity of the image when viewed on a 46 '' Samsung LCD . Compared to excellent B/W DVD releases such as Warner 's presentation of `` Citizen Kane '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- or Criterion 's release of David Lean 's `` Great Expectations '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , this Fox release of `` Longest Day '' is totally unacceptable . To make matters worse , this disc begins with a burst of noise accompanying a preview which can not be defeated with the menu button . A real bummer over-all . How would the public feel if every music CD began with commercials for new CD releases ? How are they getting away with this?If , at the beginning of this practice , consumers returned dvd 's with commercials on them to the manufacturers or the dealers , it probably could have been stopped fast . The outer packaging of such discs should at least contain a statement in easily readable lettering that this dvd contains advertising .
 I watched on June 6th 2004 `` The Longest Day '' to learn about D-Day June 6th in 1944 . In general it was a painfully boring movie . I accomplished my goal of learning about D-Day , but it was at a cost of wasting about three hours of my life . It is my belief that this story could have been told in one and a half hours instead of three .
 I ca n't believe the other reviewers were reviewing the same dvd . This is a great movie , do n't get me wrong . It 's Kurasawa , after all . My one star is for the people at Mei Ah who put out this dvd . Whoever did the subtitle translation did not speak English well enough to graduate from a level one ESL class . The subtitles are truly terrible , sometimes bizarre , and I thought at times I was dreaming I was watching a Monty Python skit . Alas , I was not ; this was for real . Such a shame .
 Two and a half hours of god awful , boring , nonsense about tishura mifune trying to get revenge against a corrupt company -- by pretending somebody is dead , marrying the boss 's crippled daughter , and other nonsense , with ruins from ww2 eventually thrown into the mix , to make some pretentious statement.It 's like the crazy stuff Fritz Lang made in Hollywood in the 1930s and 40s -LRB- FURY , THE WOMAN IN THE WINDOW -RRB- -- but directed by Kurosawa!A lot of people are giving this junk a good review just because of the director , and not on the material itself .
 I thought-someone told me that-Ed McBain was the writer of the short story , where the movie was based on.That 's why I bought it.I did not find any confirmation or clue on this.Can anyone help me , I am intriged.Thanks.P.S.Movie is OK . if you like this japanese form of art .
 This is a wonderful movie , but do not buy this DVD . The technical information omits the publisher , but it 's Mei Ah , a Hong Kong company that produces a number of Kurosawa films . Unfortunately , they seem to add subtitles by translating the Japanese into Chinese and then translating the Chinese into English . The result is some of the worst subtitles I have ever seen . The transfer quality is poor too , but the subtitles are the real killer . If you want to see this movie , get the VHS or wait for somebody like Criterion to publish a high-quality DVD .
 This is one of my most favoritie movies.Unfortunately my DVD player was not allowed to play it , something about `` Prohibited by area limits '' . I do n't know what Non USA Format means.Anyway I have to return it , any try a different copy .
 I 'm not a musical person , but I actually liked this movie until about 30 minutes from the end - until they started cramming and jamming all these songs at you . I could get past the horrid 70s fashion and Barbra Streisand not being one of my favorites and the interspersed music throughout - again , that is until 30 minutes from the end . I could get pass the hokey plot , the hokey past-life scenes , the bad love choices , but the end was unnecessary and unnecessarily drawn out . And then , to add insult to injury , they go their separate ways ? What kinda unhappy ending to a musical is that ? Are n't musicals supposed to be uplifting and inspiring ? This musical was DEPRESSING !!!!
 I 'd be pretty happy for the rest of my life if I never had to see this movie again . I hated everything about it . Barbara 's hair in it was a real drag . The whole story was just stupid . Every time they would start to sing I would get this sinking feeling and it really put me one step closer to the edge . I can take a musical I sapose if the lyrics are at least cleaver and up beat , but this movie did n't have any of that . The songs are long and lame . this movie was really bad . Big truck
 Wayyyy too expensive for what it is ... in this day and age of moderate priced movies , this one just out-priced itself ... too bad really ... good movie !
 The vendor was prompt in sending the item and it was packaged well , but the tape itself was a disappointment . The color was badly faded and depsite numerous attempts to get the tracking correct , I never could . Therefore , I 'm having to view the tape through poor-tracking static .
 I 'm learning fast , i bought a movie `` On a clear day you can see forever from this company in the united kingdom and I ca n't play it on my dvd usa player.Now I know what non usa format means : -LRB-
 After reading all of the great reviews in here i purchased this DVD expecting something really unique and different . Apart from a strong start this movie could n't overcome its premise of a man awaking to discover the world he lives in is his own -LRB- or so it seems -RRB- . After the initial wow factor has passed this movie plods along with corny acting and some silly plot twists before culminating in an unsatisfying finale . Not a total writeoff but nowhere near as good as On the Beach or some of the other New Zealand films I have seen .
 Interesting premise in which a worldwide electronic network kills off almost all of the population , leaving only a few persons who had been involved in unique circumstances -LRB- no spoiler data here , so the viewer must wait until near the end of the film to discover why these few were spared -RRB- . Not an epic by any stretch of the imagination , but it passed the time on a rainy afternoon . The plot is fairly well defined but none of the three characters elicited much empathy -- there seemed to be little chemistry between them . Still , the twists held our interest .
 I love the concept of being the last or almost last person on earth . This was just not my type of movie . I do agree it did go down hill on the last half . I guess I expected more but then it may be the difference on how countries make movies .
 I did n't like it at all , It was to slow for my taste and the ending was predictable to say the least : -LRB-
 Waking up and finding himself alone , with no explanation then , finding out it was his own research companies fault , then finding and falling for the only ... fortunatley YOUNG girl in New Zealand , then finding another bloke , a big young Maori , she changes horses . Being the only 3 alive they sort of stay friends . All very odd , Anyway , the original bloke works out the Apoclypse is going to happen again , But finding out they were alive because they all were in the process of dying , the previous time , they decide to try and kill themselves again , but how , when , where -LRB- yawn
 Straightforward New Zealand science fiction from the mid 1980s with more interest in concept than storytelling . Zac Hobson , a balding government lab grunt , wakes up one morning to discover every other human being on the planet has suddenly , spontaneously , vanished into thin air . Naturally the first place he goes is the office , where it quickly becomes clear that the project he 'd been working on - a large-scale theoretical WMD - was successfully deployed while he slept . Given the quality and costs of special effects at the time , the film 's decision to focus on the eerie aftermath is prescient , but for that kind of direction to work requires an engaging , interesting thread or two as compensation . Instead , this is basically an exercise in pointless wheel spinning . Like a kid in a candy store , Zac lives the high life for the next hour , aimlessly enjoying the remnants of society and doing everything he was too polite to imagine when the streets were still busy . Even the grand finale , in which he finally decides to get up and do something of consequence , is ultimately pointless and harshly under-explained . I really should n't have been surprised , but it 's always disappointing when a premise with promise sputters out before going anywhere .
 < ** SPOILERS ** > As there is really not much to spoil.What is worse ? A sci-fi movie that let 's you know that it is junk early on -LRB- so it can be turned off -RRB- or one that starts out well , meanders for an hour or so , then finally comes to nothing -LRB- luring its victim into watching the whole thing -RRB- ? This movie is the the latter category . It looks good . It 's not major big budget effects but the modest effects it does have are not tacky . Good not great . The story concerns three characters -LRB- Old Smart Guy , Young Woman , Hunky Young Ethnic -RRB- that are the only three left in the world . The first , OSG , wakes up -LRB- in that cinema rarity , full frontal male nudity -RRB- to find that he seems to be the only person on a undamaged earth -LRB- except where planes crash etc -RRB- . I mean the ONLY person , living or dead , as there are very few bodies or little piles of white dust or anything . There also appears to be no living things other than humans either , the earth is indeed quiet . OSG does the usual last man on earth things , looks for survivors , gets on the radio -LRB- sure to reach everyone who scans the police bands all day -RRB- , gathers up useful and delicious things , gets drunk , makes speeches to cut-outs of famous people , tries on women 's clothes , the usual . So far so good . Then YM turns up . OK . Not much happens as OSG investigates what happened , and YM investigates the empty stores . There is a little -LRB- very little , and that 's good -RRB- sex segment with OSG in bed -LRB- another full frontal -RRB- , and YM going bottomless behind her maid/nurse/whatever outfit -LRB- crotch gag goes here , comic relief ? -RRB- . Next , enter HYE , as he cunningly traps OSG at machine gun point but turns out to be OK after he sees YM soon after . -LRB- Good news
 With all of the `` cult-like '' hype surrounding this film , I had pretty high expectations when I sat down to watch it . Unfortunately , I was rather disappointed.It started off cool ... . wierd -LRB- naked guy ? -RRB- but still cool . The initial build-up kept me at least interested if not on the edge of my seat . The problems arose when the film began to really plod along in the middle and did n't know what to do with itself . It 's as if they ran out if ideas after all of the cliche `` last guy on earth stuff '' happened -LRB- shopping spree , going a little wacko , etc , etc. -RRB- . I got rather bored in the middle and was waiting for something to happen but nothing really did happen . Once the guy and the chick started hanging out , it got lame . And NO , I was n't expecting aliens , explosions , violence or any of that . I 'm 100 % OK with drama , but the drama has to have some interesting points , backstory , or tension to make it worth while and this did n't . Just another `` Last guy on earth that does everything you would do if you were the last person on earth '' movie.And , the ending or entire concept of the film never really settled on anything . Apparently , there were strange natural forces at work here but unlike 2001 A Space Odyssey where sort of the same thing happend , this movie never even poised any questions or made you ponder about what actually bappened . You did n't even care . The ending was just `` ZAP '' and the guy was walking around by some new planet that looked cheesier than the worst Star Trek sets.NOT recommended , but do as you wish ...
 While many people seem to have fond memories of this 1985 film -LRB- based on the high ratings -RRB- , I am baffled as to why.Watching for the first time this year -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Quiet Earth comes off as campy , over-dramatic , and just flat out cheesy . The special effects seem like something out of a 60 's movie , the actors do things relational-wise that are on a whim , without showing motivation . And the ending is muddled and does n't explain the last 90 minutes . As the credits role , we are presented with an image that leaves us completely baffled as to what happened . Is the actor in Heaven , or an alternate reality?Who knows ? ... but better yet , who cares.Frankly , the best part of the movie was Alison Routledge revealing her perfect backside in scene 10 . Other than this , not much to remember.If you like love triangles , 80 's hair , long , tusk earrings , and naked balding men , this movie is for you !
 I enjoyed the movie and will watch it again . You 'll like this movie if your into this type genre .
 watched this movie when i was a kid and fairly enjoyed it . the theme was novel when i was 11 . at 33 , however , i consider Quiet Earth to have the substance and sustenance of cheeze wiz and crackers.there 's no meat to the story , no real character development , and the whole movie feels like a trivial bore . occasionally , stuff will almost happen , but then it does n't and the audience is left with a deserted planet kind of nihilism.D
 The Quiet EarthOf all the fine Sci-fi there has been throughtout the years this has to be one of the worst . The design on the cover and the claims of being spectacular are the only good things about this movie . It would be better unviewed and the cover saved a `` Space Art '' then to actually watch it . Can not believe they can actually get -LRB- or pay -RRB- people or companies to endorse movies such as this .
 I hated it . I watched it the day I got from Amazon -LRB- great service-no fault there -RRB- and threw it in the garbage after a lame viewing . My first clue should have been the `` winner of 8 New Zealand Academy Awards '' banner . As with most PC movies this one involves , as it 's climax , inter-racial sex between a red head and a native New Zealander . If you 're not into that sort of thing , do n't buy it . This has little to do with `` end of the world '' type action , and more of `` Panic in year Zero meets Jungle Fever '' type crap . Save your money .
 My husband and I are big fans of Tom Selleck and have watched this movie many times . Each time you see it , you notice something different . It is well done and unfortunately there are not enough good westerns out there .
 Louis L'Amour can get away with cliches ... in fact his books are wonderful . . but this movie stinks . I bought it on the heels of Quigley Down Under -LRB- terrific -RRB- and was hungry for another Tom Selleck western . . but this let me down and I do regret the purchase of it . All the clothes are clean . All the plot elements are childlike and cliche -LRB- rescuing the sioux princess who has a broken leg , but also has immaculate clothing -RRB- , the bad guy who is SOOO two faced -LRB- not too believable , but always very clean -RRB- . The look and feel too was definitely not Quigley , Lonesome Dove , or Stalking Moon . . it was more like Leave it to Beaver.don ' t buy it unless it 's for the kids .
 This movie was good , but it was not what I expected . I assumed that Cynthia Rothrock would be one of the main characters throughout the whole movie , instead she had a small part . I was very disappointed because I am a Cynthia Rothrock fan . Otherwise , since I am a martial artist and I like martial art movies I recommend this movie . It contains good fighting scenes as well as a good plot , and an interesting kung fu style .
 For anyone hoping to see Cynthia Rothrock reprise her roles in Tiger Claws One and Two , this movie will be disappointing . Ms. Rothrock makes only a cameo appearance in this film . One gets the definite impression that her appearance was more about box office than about improving the film . The movie itself is not the worst of its genre . Although there is some woefully sad acting in the non-fighting segments . The action is pretty good with Jalal Merhi serving as the protagonist . Cynthia fans would only want this video to complete their collection , not for the pitiful amount of time she appears in this film .
 Well if you 're looking for Cynthia Rothrock action in this movie , there is none . It is not a CR movie , but pure Jalal Merhi!If you like him sure , go ahead and grab this one .
 Even Carter Wong could n't save this movie . They give Cynthia Rorthrock second billing and she dies 10 minutes into the movie . She shows up in flashbacks , but not worth it ...
 The cover art for this flick is fantastic . It is the highlight of the film.There is a nothing story about three guys into Internet porn , making music , eating , and hanging around looking beautiful in Speedos . There is a murder subplot , which is laughably filmed , like the rest of the movie . All of it is poorly done , poorly pieced together , and totally unsatisfying.It might be worth a rental to check it out . I would suggest you keep your finger on the fast forward button . No need to read the subtitles ; the dialog barely matters . Generally , I 'd recommend investing my time in something else .
 This was not a good film . The premise is less interesting than it sounds and the thin strands of story are n't plausible or that interesting . While the acting was ok -LRB- not great -RRB- and there were some attractive men on screen , it just was n't a good enough storyline to be interesting . The central event that provides the conflict for the plot is somewhat confusing and the connection of the two lovers not believable.I think this studio can do better .
 I think if I brought a couple of the cuties home from the bar , pulled out my camcorder , went on an exotic vacation , and used my Pinnacle editing program , I could have made a better movie . Cute guys , the rest was a mess .
 This film basically sucks ! There is one incredible looking young German guy -LRB- Erik -RRB- that is awesome to watch and he 's the only reason I stayed with this thing through to the end . Amazon 's editorial review was extremely misleading . It would imply that `` Saved by the Bell 's '' A.C. and Zach were in this film and locking lips and loins on the white beaches of Brazil . If that took place even remotely in this film , I totally missed it . The cast is made up of three German guys , one of which as I already stated is BEAUTIFUL , and the acting appeared to be fair , if you could understand what was supposed to be happening . The actors done good with the very poor script they were given to work with , especially the lead actor who accidentally murders a man in self defence . The potential was definitely there throughout this thing , but it did n't even attempt to live up to that potential.The music sucked bigtime ! The subtitles were difficult to understand , and there needed to be subtitles for the very poor English parts of the film that the viewer is expected to understand . A very hard film to follow , and where it leads is not a place you will enjoy going . Right when it appears there is finally going to be a plot , the movie ends suddenly with a `` no ending '' end . Beautiful Brazilian landscape and hot young actors are about all this film has going for it . I have no idea who was longing for something or what they were longing for . Thus the name `` The Longing '' was ill conceived at best . I do not recommend this one , unless you simply want to see some nice footage of a very gorgeous young blonde German boy that is super hot . If only they would show more than 3 seconds of him nude , it might make this film worth the buy .
 Three Gay , German guys are living in Brazil . One has a rich father . One is a failed rapper . One is a failed investment banker . None of them can act . The failed banker falls in love with a black soap opera actor , after accidentally killing his brother . Naturally they break up after the murder is confessed . Wow , what a plot twist.A major scene consists of a Black Brazilian who is ranting about how badly blacks are regarded in Brazil , and that Gay Black Brazilians are treated even worse . The reason for the rant is unclear , and the whole scene seems to be more of a showcase for two twitchy drag queens who do n't seem to be interested in anything but getting to the bar and doing their show.There 's no beginning to the story . There 's no complicated plot . There 's no sex -LRB- Just one brief nude scene -RRB- . There 's no action . There 's not a clear conclusion to the story . The filming was done in a gorgeous location that could have been the highlight of the film , if it had been shown , but it was n't . The best part of the whole thing is the ` special feature ' about the making of the film , where everyone complains about the location , makes excuses for the lousy acting , and admits the film is poorly cast and badly written.The director says he did n't want to make an intellectual movie . I think he succeeded in that.The film stinks as bad as the actors say Brazil stinks . The actors stink worse .
 Three young Germans are hanging out in Brazil . They are a useless and aimless bunch , filling their days making lame pornos for the internet and celebrating moronic rap . -LRB- For me , that 's enough to give any movie a zero rating . -RRB- The part of the story -LRB- the non-rap part -RRB- involving a love affair between one of the lads and a local is fitfully interesting . Beyond that , save your money .
 IF I COULD GIVE THIS FILM NO STARS I WOULD . THERE IS NO `` ACTING '' GOING ON HERE . NO PLOT . NOTHING . ALL I GOT OUT OF THIS MOVIE WAS SWINDLED FOR WHAT I PAID TO BUY IT . DO N'T DO THE SAME !!!!!
 Yesterday I gave one star to `` The art of being ... '' and now I am not sure how to rate this crap . It is ages since I have seen something so meaningless , so boring , so bad . I think every 5 years old with a camera could make something more intelligent than that.There is no action , the dialogues are nothing . While watching , I could n't escape the feeling of taking something heavy and throw at the tv.Avoid if you can .
 Terrible , terrible , just terrible ! Ms. Isaacs , how can you letthem do this to your marvelous book ! The plot , the actors justbutchered it . And do n't even mention that Melanie Griffith . Linda Voss is supposed to be this confident , working girl but instead she made her out to be this wimpy , whispery-voiced wishy-washy sort of girl . Okay here is my advice . If you want to enjoy this movie , see it first then read the book by Susan Isaacs . You should look it up on Amazon too and see how highly it is recommended . I read it first and the movie was an unmitigated failure and disappointment to me . I could just cry thinking about it . I really wish they would make another movie out of it , but this time do it right and just follow the book which is just too perfect and which one can not go wrong in following . Okay enough talk , read the book , forget the movie .
 I bought this movie along with several others . This one will not play in any dvd player even the portable one.I visited relatives in Indiana and carried that with me to play it there thinking it was the geographical area NOFurther , I enjoy my Kindle , but still have not completely conquered it . At my age , that may be part of the problem . I asked for an online tutorial to connect into to practice and work with it , but to no avail so far .
 DVD received but did not play at all in my DVD . Looked to be a recorded DVD from a region other than the US . Emails to the company regarding this product were not answered . Do not order from this company !
 How there could actually be positive reviews of this absolutely awful movie is beyond my comprehension . I read the book . All the the wonderful juice of the novel is gone . Linda 's hopeless life . Her alcoholic mother , John Berringer esquire and her ridculous hope that their shotgun wedding can result in true happiness . John 's cold ruthless sexuality . Linda 's belief that she is SMARTER than they are ! Nan Leland -LRB- John 's wife then John 's ex and her incredible socialite spite -RRB- . The movie ? Who cared ? Who could believe that the OSS would use a German speaker in Germany who was not a native of that country . I could rewrite the novel and the movie and make it much better . Leland could not possibly be running around the world as a `` spy '' He was never a spy . He worked for army intelligence , got to law school and became a beaurocrat.His job was management and coordination and reporting to congress.Laughable moments . Linda goes to work for Ed . without any dialogue , character development or anything not even a little kissy face , we suddenly see Melanie in black garters on top of him in a brief ` love scene . '' Michael Douglas does not touch Melanie one time in this scene . Get it?Melanie engineers for herself an exact copy of the famous `` goodbye '' scene between Rick and Ilsa in `` Casablanca ' The prop engine plane the night , the fog and the hat are so stupid I had to turn it off to recover.Ed naturally rescues the stupid spy who gets caught . He goes to Berlin although he does not speak German apparantly at all or he would n't have needed a translator in the first place . `` The Spy wore Red '' supposedly a true story of Aline countess of Ramonones -LRB- A spanish contessa -RRB- and American model who worked in Europe all her life and who never got caught would have made a much better story . Susan Isaacs ca n't write a decent plot to save her life . She 's wonderful with characters though.P.S Isaacs has a kinky streak . Ed confesses to his to be bride at the end of the novel that he hired a hooker who looked just like her although she was a little fat . I guess this shows how much he loved her .
 This is a chick flick through and through . We 're talking 100 % female fantasy . It is similar to the 2001 film `` Charlotte Gray , '' which starred Cate Blachett , but where I found that film a bit flat , it was nowhere near as implausible , silly , and just plain bad as this film . `` Shining Through '' is also in the same genre as 1979 's `` Hanover Street '' starring Harrison Ford , Lesley-Anne Down and Christopher Plummer , but I actually liked Hanover Street , despite the fact that it , too , was a bit of chick flick.Melanie Griffith is just hopelessly , irretrievably miscast as the half German Jewish , half Irish heroine of this piece . I actually enjoyed the first hour of the film . But not one second of the last half of the movie , which takes place in Germany , is the slightest bit believable . I realize that incredibility does n't necessarily detract from a movie 's entertainment value , but it did in this case . The hopeless romantics of the fairer sex might enjoy this , but the rest of us can safely skip it .
 The plot - silly . The dialog - turgid , clunky , overdone . The acting - bland . About the only good thing about this movie is that it 's so bad its really funny in parts .
 This film is a complete waste of celluloid . The target audience is , apparently , frustrated female secretaries who wish that romance and adventure would drop into their laps . Sadly , however , the film fails utterly in believability , unless you 're an 8-year-old insomniac on prozac.The acting is painful . Mike Douglas has done better , but given the childlike simplicity of the dialogue , plot , good-guys-vs-bad-guys theme , empty romance based on nothing more than a weak adrenalin rush ... well , you can see where I 'm going with this.You 'll get more bang and excitement out of a wet , spent firecracker than you will from this film -- unless you put it on a hearth and toast marshmallows over its charred remains . Do n't forget to throw champagne glasses into the fireplace , for that extra touch of romance and a touch of shards-of-glass-as-critical-film-review . In the words of some professional film critics : If the fate of the free world were being threatened by goose-stepping Nazis , who would you send to the rescue ? In Shining Through they send Melanie Griffith . What , you mean Betty Boop wasnt available ? `` Hal Hinson -LSB- Melanie Griffith -RSB- sounds like a 7-year-old reciting poetry for the delight of grown-ups . Its enough to make you want to turn her in to the Nazis . `` Desson HoweI had the misfortune to catch this film on broadcast TV . Even at the price of the electrons passing through my household current , I felt I was paying too much for this film . Spend your time & money elsewhere .
 I have a hard time liking this movie because it made such a travesty of Susan Isaacs ' book . The book , as originally written , was a classic ugly duckling-to-swan story set in New York , Washington , and Germany during World War II . Linda Voss , the character played by Melanie Griffith , was a working class girl in love with and eventually married to her gorgeous cad of a boss . She had the brains ; he had the social cachet . They move to Washington , she gets a job as secretary to a top intelligence agent -LRB- played by Michael Douglas -RRB- , the marriage founders , and in despair she signs up as an undercover agent . The rest of the movie follows the book 's plot fairly closely , although the Douglas character does NOT figure in as a romantic interest until the very end . In the book , he 's Linda 's unexpected reward -- pure gold where her husband was only gold-plated . The movie , by simplifying the story , guts its emotional core and turns a contemporary fairy tale into your basic trite Hollywood production -- glitzy but without a heart.That said , there are some strong performances in the movie . Douglas 's stiffness makes much more sense in the context of the book , but does n't work in the movie as filmed . Griffith is Griffith -- you either love her or hate her . Liam Neeson is good , as is Joely Richardson -LRB- although the `` Mein Gott , you have guts '' line is a bit over the top -RRB- . There are some suspenseful moments in the scenes in Nazi Germany . At times the movie 's enjoyable , but overall , it disappoints .
 I knew this movie was in trouble early on when Melanie Griffith/Linda Voss , in recounting her story to a BBC interviewer in her later years , for some reason felt she had to educate him to the fact that the bombing of London was known as `` the Blitz '' . Jeez , maybe she should have also hipped him to the fact that Omaha Beach is n't in Nebraska . I really began to squirm when she busted top OSS officer Michael Douglas/Ed Leland as he dictated to her a super-secret spy letter using clunky super-secret code words which , of course , avid movie fan Linda immediately recognized as referring to submarines . Gosh , how did we ever win WWII wihtout bubble-headed babes like this ? In this movie , unfortunately , we find out
 The plot - silly . The dialog - turgid , clunky , overdone . The acting - bland . About the only good thing about this movie is that it 's so bad its really funny in parts .
 This movie is an insult to the real spies , the men and women who parachuted into Germany and risked their lives to scrape some information.The real spies were NOT charming little secretaries serving under charming handsome officers.They WERE everything from prostitutes to clever liars . They usually lasted from 0.5-2 months before they were caught . And when they were caught they were 1 . Tortured 2 . Interrogated 3 . either sent to concentration camps/shot/or made to work for the germans.In all this movie is everything but real .
 The 1992 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards Nominee . See http://...P > Film is full of mistakes andunbelievable situations.Ed -LRB- Michael Douglas -RRB- ca n't speak German , but travels free across Germany , without a problem . How could it be ? How could he then pass through passport control etc. ? Linda -LRB- Melanie Griffith -RRB- is employed by german general of high standing without any Gestapo examination . Obviously , it was impossible in real life.General says about `` secret room '' . Even his children know about it , but Linda does n't . Is it really a `` secret '' ? Furthermore , key can be easily found at this `` secret '' door . And this room keeps documents about new secret German weapon . Actually , during that war many american , british , russian agents died , trying to get such documents.But Linda , who arrived to Germany only a few days ago , got that secrets only in a 5 minutes ! Only stupid can believe it!Film contains also many other incredible , unbelievable , false scenes . Only stupids or people who have never heard about 2nd World War can believe it.During 2nd World War died about 50000000 people!But people who know nothing about that war will think after this film that war was not serious , that it was like simple fun game.It 's waste of money buying this film.Below is one more link to other review . But it 's said there very mildly : ...
 THE BEST SUSPENCE AND LOVE STORYS I HAVE EVER SEEN .
 I do n't want to spoil any crucial plot elements , but I will say that the ending made no sense at all and spoiled the film unless it was meant to be an episode of the Twilight Zone . Can the same close-knit group of spies be on different sides without any one of them noticing or having it cause any of them problems except the heroine ? How can they expect people not to notice this ? -LRB- By putting a shoot-em-up romantic happy ending so that no one thinks at all about what has just happened . -RRB- What kind of movie is this ?
 The plot - silly . The dialog - turgid , clunky , overdone . The acting - bland . About the only good thing about this movie is that it 's so bad its really funny in parts .
 I COULD NOT PLAY THIS DVD . The message , `` Region Error . Please eject the disc.Playback is not authorized in your area '' Now I have to return it . But where ?
 This movie is `` supposedly '' based on the book `` Shining Through '' by Susan Isaacs . The only thing in common is the name of the characters , everything else was completely changed . Everything that was good about the book was ruined in the movie . When I watched it all I could do was laugh because all of the suspense in the ending was said out right within 5 minutes of the movie starting . Susan Isaacs should have never approved this movie for it does not relay any of the greatness of the book . If you liked the book I do n't advise watching the movie . I am greatly displeased by this movie .
 The only redeeming virtue of this flashback romance is Liam 's performance and prolly his worst when you compare even Giulguld 's ... SunFlower , he had to have hated that biopic entry ... I could not bare the pace of this potentially thrilling spy war cookoff reality theme . The director had to painfully pan every single angle of her looking for that secret cellar sonny boy shouted about , THE PLACE WHERE NO ONE CAN FIND US RIGHT DADDY ???? yikes , good thing she is a spy or this crap woulda never ended ... the fight for the luger between the blondes , OY VEY !!! and her prepping for the bath and waiting to fall into the laundry basket , the flood of falling fishies at Fishmonger Freddies ... I could go on but dang people , '92 was not that long ago to step it up a bit and not wonder how a freakin ' spy could not even speak the language but looked mega hot in those bumbersplitzen leathers ... why is Germany not the fashion mecca like Milan ??? ah yes , Treaty of Versailles ... sigh ... oh well , tried to watch the entire movie several times , finally suceeded and I guess I will never be able to move beyond Melanie 's `` I was raped at 5 '' voice ... they have coaches on set for this , she refused advice or showed those gams AGAIN !!?? I so wanted to see Liam n Linda get together , abs nada chemistry with Douglas , ditto Working Girl ... oh yeah , 2 stars for the Berlin bombing sequence , they/we really dusted cathedrals ??? yikes !
 I loved the book , and this movie was a huge disappointment to me . The Ed Leland character is completely destroyed .
 Impossible , improbable situations . A woman in hot pursuit in Nazi Germany runs through town in a long white evening gown from a country house to a double agent 's house and then to a friend 's house . No one sees her . Ridiculous . Important documents are locked in a cellar , but wala ! The key is above the door - who would have ever thought of that ? She poses as a cook and does an awful job , the food is poor and she spills soup on an officer , gets fired but that same high ranking Nazi officer offers her a job caring for his children . Oh sure . Sorry , this one was too predictable and poorly written .
 I saw the first Silent Night , Deadly Night and actually found it to be a pretty good film . It was n't too gory , had a pretty well done plot , and delivered a few good thrills and chills along the way ! Hey , what do you expect from the usual Class-B thrillers of the eighties?So , I rented part 2 , and I expected a pretty standard sequel . Expecting something that was Halloween 2 to Halloween 1 -LRB- higher body count , a few more revelations revealed , but obviously still B-class -RRB- . Unfortunately , what I got was a clip show of gore from part 1 mixed in with the unfortunately terrible acting on the part of Ricky.The plot of this movie seemed okay . From what I thought , Ricky the brother of the killer from the first movie , killed some people and was put into a mental institution for questioning . I thought it would flash back and forth in what he did and possibly reveal something that happened to him causing him to snap -LRB- besides his spooky ending speech in Silent Night Deadly Night 1 -RRB- . The actor who plays Ricky is terrible . Everything that comes out of his mouth is honestly laughable . From his first words to when he tells the psychiatrist `` Because ... . I was there '' , I knew I had made a mistake in renting this . Ricky , proceeds to tell the well acted psychiatrist all about his brothers killings , things he was n't there for so how would he know it ! Then , he goes on talking about how he killed some people , the best one being a guy with an umbrella in an alley.The murders in this movie are pretty pathetic . They are much more abundant than in the first movie , and not as well done as in the first one . He actually goes on a shooting spree in this movie , now how is that scary ? I 'm sorry , but there was no suspense and if he was trying to pull an American Psycho on us he failed miserably as he is nowhere near as easy to emphasize with as Patrick Bateman and Rachel Newman -LRB- American Psycho 1 and 2 GO SEE THEM !!! -RRB- . All in all , this movie is not worth a buy unless under $ 5 . If you are curious rent it , but I just did n't care for the movie.However , something did tell me to rent Silent Night , Deadly Night 3 Better Watch Out . Hopefully that will be better , as it was mentioned in last months Fangoria -LRB- May 's Issue -RRB- . It has Mulholland Drive 's Laura Herring , a former Miss USA ! I 'll review that soon , but to all of you out there who read my reviews peace ! I love y' all !
 This movie was actually made in 1967 , not 1987 . It was discovered in a can right after SNDN 1 was made , and what luck . Oh , the luck . The flashbacks were an exact fit with the 1984 `` prequel '' and the modernistic cars they used in '67 just happened to have been manufactured and sold , providing a seamless mesh with the prequel . The original purpose of this movie was two-fold
 After my review of the first film , I did not think the sequel could be any worst ... boy , was I wrong.This 88 minute film rehashes the entire first film through flashback for the first 40 minutes . Not only does it cover the plot , it shows all the awful scenes that made the first one so bad.This time out , adult Ricky is talking to a psychiatrist about his Santa dressing killer brother Billy in a mental hospital . It seems Ricky has a good memory , since he repeats scenes that neither him or his brother witnessed , and the film makers change the plot of the first film to suit their needs . Ricky also seems to have taken some classes on how to play a character completely wrong . His scenes with the psychiatrist are terrible.Ricky kills the psychiatrist and escapes to take revenge on the first film 's Mother Superior character . Ricky is set into murderous rages by the color red ... you know that color , you probably go days on end without ever seeing it . I would hate to see Ricky 's reaction at a four way stop intersection.Ricky dresses like Santa , and begins hacking and killing . In the end , two bullets and a shotgun blast send him through a plate glass window , but he seems to survive , appearing in the next sequel . Just as awful as the first , and just as repugnant.This is rated -LRB- R -RRB- for strong physical violence , strong gun violence , some sexual violence , gore , strong profanity , female nudity , sexual content , and some sexual references .
 This is a needless , very embarrassing sequel . Half the footage is taken from PART 1 . Here , hero 's younger brother is out of the asylum doing the same old things his brother did . All those flashbacks get tiresome after a while . Very bad acting . The final scenes with Mother Superior are hilarious .
 Silent night Deadly 2was a badly acted , unneccesary sequal . The flashback scenes of Linnea Quigley topless had nothing to do with the story line and was just used for some nudity . I would like to know how the hell mother superior got all those wierd scars on her face . Anyway a bad movie with bad actors . A totally bad sequal .
 I hated this movie ! Most of it is from the first one as the brother of the original Santa Claus killer talks about his past -LRB- including a memorable cameo by scream queen Linnea Quigley as she 's topless throughout her scene as she gets stabbed by some antlers of a deer head on top of a fireplace , which is one of the only good scene 's -RRB- . Then he talks about his deadly obsessive lifestyle . After that he decides to wear the santa suit and goes on a killing spree . Where do the people get the cash to make trashy movies like this ?? Trying to borrow seasonal traditions of such slasher films as `` Halloween '' , `` Friday the 13th '' , `` My Bloody Valentine '' , and even `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' , this movie is the pits and deserves to get burned . Cast features Elizabeth -LRB- Cayton -RRB- Kaitan , who was more famous for her roles in `` Assault of the Killer Bimbos '' and `` Friday the 13th Part VII
 Despite the title this seems like a black comedy because the morbid sense of humor and who the killer makes jokes and kills people.The movie is a flashback of part 1 and has Billy 's brother Ricky telling a doctor why his brother killed for and then Ricky escapes from the hospital and goes on a killing spree.The murders are laughable -LRB- A man gets a umbrella through his stomach and a teen gets car jacks in his mouth and his eyeballs explode.The whole movie is weird and not for all tastes or not for the squeamish but this one is much better than part 3 and 4 . The movie is 88 minutes with 40 minutes of flashbacks
 The younger brother of the killer in the original film resumes his older brother 's carnage , in another trail that leads straight to the despised Mother Superior . They must have been hard up for story material ; half the movie consists of footage from the original film . The new footage in the sequel is n't much to get excited about , either .
 ... those of you who have seen this movie will get my title . I think the Umbrella scene was just fantastic ! In this sequel , we are following the path of the younger brother of the killer in the first movie . Which is a very good B movie , it was even picketed for it content . . you know a movie is good if people wan na get rid of it . Anyways , so we have Eric Freeman playing the younger brother , haunted by flash backs from the first movie -LRB- which this movie has alot of flashbacks -RRB- , he begins a rein of terror in a santa claus suit , as did his brother . all the b movie elements are evident here . bad acting , nudity , sex , killing , blood , etc. . I recommend this movie to anyone that has seen the 1st one . The 3rd is n't bad either . Stop there . 4 and 5 have nothing to do with the first 3 .
 Absolutely hilarious in a `` did these people actually watch this when they declared it complete '' kind of way . With worse acting than Troll 2 , a plot so derivative that half its run time is footage from the original , a series of gratuitous rape scenes and buckets of bloodshed , this is precisely the kind of movie I 'd have been looking for at 3AM on Cinemax during my adolescence . Lead actor Eric Freeman utters nothing but awful catchphrases from start to finish , delivered with the kind of wild-eyed sincerity that left me wondering how blurry the line between fact and fiction really was for the filmmakers . In comparison to Freeman 's scene-stealing ineptitude , the rest of the cast fades helplessly into the wallpaper - and that 's probably for the best . What this ultimately boils down to is about fifteen minutes of uproariously funny bad cinema , padded to a ninety minute ultimate runtime with ruthless disregard for relevance or entertainment value . Needs to be trimmed down to a highlight reel before it 's truly watchable .
 This was the worst film of all time . Bar none , man , did this SUC
 My , god , what is with these people ? I am shocked and appalled that this film got so many good reviews . I counted almost half a dozen five star reviews on the first page alone , and it averages at around 3 . What have you people been smoking , and why are n't you sharing it?The acting in this thing is putrid , especially on the part of Eric Freeman , who plays the kid brother of Billy from the first film . His acting was so horrible I had to get up in the middle of the film and go into the bathroom to empty my bowels , because I had an attack of diarrhea . He does n't look like he 's acting at all , really . It looks more like he 's trying to pass a gall stone . I 'm an actor , myself . So , I think I have the right to say that I would n't spare this kid a drop of piss if he was on fire.In this film we reunite with Ricky -LRB- Eric Freeman -RRB- , Billy 's little brother . He has apparently been incarcerated in a state mental hospital for killing a bunch of people . In the first scenes , and in a collection of tiresome flashbacks from the first film , Ricky reveals to a prison Psychiatrist why he did the things he did . He tells the story of his parents murder , and his older brother 's subsequent nervous breakdown , as an adult . If you are already fed up with Ricky 's whining , and long for the original film , do n't you worry . They show clips from it for almost two thirds of this one . When finally we see what Ricky , himself , got into trouble for , we are treated to a number of lame scenes in which he runs amok with a pistol and kills several people in a quiet neighborhood . No axe for Ricky . Oh , no ! That would be too sensational . No , just a good old .357 magnum . Not quite like Dirty Harry , but close enough.As you may have guessed , Ricky eventually escapes from the mental hospital , and goes after Mother Superior from the first film . -LRB- I think it 's a different actress , but I could n't tell , her makeup was too thick . -RRB- You can probably predict what happens next , but I make it a rule not to blow the ending of any movie , even when the film deserves it . Suffice to say that Ricky dons his own Santa Claus outfit , the way his brother did in the first movie , when he takes care of businessSo , there you have it . That 's Silent Night , Deadly Night Part 2 . In my humble opinion they took a good idea and wasted it . It was overkill . I think it would have been way cooler if they had just had the original actor from the first film come back as a zombie Santa Claus to continue on his original path of destruction . That would have been much easier to take than this miserable product .
 This movie is flawed in so many ways . First off there are so many flashbacks of the first one , I would recommend just seeing the first one and skipping this . Secondly terrible script and horrid acting by Eric Freeman -LRB- Ricky 's character -RRB- and also slow paced at times unlike the first one that kept me attention the whole film . Thirdy Ricky does a lame job with the killings unlike his predcessor -LRB- Billy who was actually scary/crazy -RRB- , I mean running around with a gun thats lame , and killing someone with jumper cables , give me a break . FINAL VERDICT
 most of this movie is flashbacks from the first one.delightful , but why did they even bother making this one ? i mean would n't you rather just watch the first . its a lot better . i mean , this one is kind of good , it has its momments , but the best scenes are lifted right from the origenal . i baught this for a buck at a video game rantal store . it was worth it - but if your going to rent this just rent the first one again . its better
 Confined in a mental hospital , Ricky - driven by the horrible memory of his parent 's death and forced to relive the violent actions of his brother - explodes in a frenzy of murder and mayhem.Don ' t let my synopsis fool you . This movie was only about flashbacks . Most of them were from the first SILENT NIGHT , DEADLY NIGHT , and the rest were Ricky 's flashbacks that had nothing to do with Christmas . The only part of the film that had something to do with Christmas was the ending , when Ricky broke out of the mental hospital.Sure this movie was like two sequels in one , but were we warned that there was ? No . If I knew this film was only about flashbacks from the first one , I may have rented it on a two-for-one night . This sequel could have been like the FRIDAY THE 13TH films . What I mean is , in the first FRIDAY THE 13TH , Jason 's mother was the killer . In the first SILENT NIGHT , DEADLY NIGHT , Ricky 's brother was the killer . Unlike FRIDAY THE 13TH , the makers of SILENT NIGHT , DEADLY NIGHT messed up their series horribly . They only needed at least five minutes of flashbacks for their sequel.Eventhough this movie was boring , there are some funny scenes . The scene in the movie theatre was quite funny . And as if we did n't see enough flashbacks , the movie being played in the theatre was SILENT NIGHT , DEADLY NIGHT.If you want to see a good horror movie that has something to do with Christmas , then check out the first SILENT NIGHT , DEADLY NIGHT or BLACK CHRISTMAS.I hope my review was helpful to you !
 Sequel to the original -LRB- which was controversial and even picketed ! -RRB- plays half as just flashbacks from the first and the second half is the continuing of the killing . Pretty stupid sequel is sick and boring at times but certain events are funny and the lead uses his sexuality to sway the mood . I realize the intent of the film makers is probably not to make people laugh , but a movie like this ca n't help but do much else . Do n't wait around for the DVD version . I was surprised to find out this was available on video !
 My friend and i were looking for a bad horror movie , and we found it . First of all , it was 50 % the first film , which is strange because in our video store it 's labled that you must be 18 to rent it and we 're younger than that and we rented this one . The story is stupid . PLEASE ! santa ? The writhers of this must have been high or something when they wrote this .
 Half of `` Silent Night , Deadly Night P2 '' is footage taken from the previous entry . -LRB- Ricky -RRB- Psychotic Killer 's younger brother goes on a killing spree -LRB- just like his dead brother -RRB- again in a Santa Claus suit ... Nothing new , the acting is awful & often hilarious.The film is violent and often revolting . This time Mother Superior gets her head chopped ... Not for the casual viewers .
 After SILENT NIGHT DEADLY NIGHT had been cut short early during its initial release , a sequel seemed like the perfect opportunity to re-market and re-release footage from the original film to reduce costs . Nothing could have prepared audiences for the horrifying results
 In a world that 's filled with Z-grade , bottom-rung movies Silent Night , Deadly Night Part 2 is one of the most fascinating . I heard of it only because of the legendary `` Garbage Day ! '' youtube meme and I went ahead and watched the first one . I did n't particularly like it and found many scenes hilarious due to poor acting and idiotic dialogue , but all the bad from that movie truly can not hold a candle to how atrocious everything in this movie is . Oddly enough , while this movie by no means falls into the so-bad-it 's - good category of movies ; it 's so horrible , I actually enjoyed watching it more than the first one.The plot is essentially the entire first movie with new scenes to actually make this film it 's own movie . While the scenes are slightly abridged you will feel like you just watched the first movie.Eric Freeman plays Ricky , the deranged brother of the equally deranged Billy from the first movie . Ricky is incarcerated and as the movie opens he -LRB- attempts to -RRB- stare -LRB- s -RRB- menacingly into the camera . Freeman is incapable of looking natural while doing something and even holding a cigarette seems like a challenge . A psychiatrist named Bloom interviews Ricky about his view of the events leading up to his incarceration , including the events of the first movie , of course and his first meeting/courtship with Jennifer -LRB- Elizabeth Cayton -RRB- . Is a plot description necessary ? No , not at all , but I thought I 'd fill you in . As the film is essentially one long flashback , it seems pointless to even mention the hilarious attempt at continuity , specifically when Ricky narrates events he could n't know about . And the plotting is ridiculous -LRB- obviously -RRB- such as a scene where Ricky and Jennifer go to see a movie ... Which ends up being the first movie.The dialogue in this movie is beyond any definition of idiotic . It 's so poor , in fact , I had trouble believing it could be made worse by it 's delivery ... But it is . Besides `` garbage day '' and Jennifer 's line to an ex-boyfriend -LRB- '' ... you cheated on me , you ruined my best sweater -RRB- , there 's also this Oscar-worthy exchange : Mother Superior - `` You 're being naughty ! `` Ricky - `` Naughty this ! `` Finally , Ricky 's walk through suburbia -LRB- where the `` garbage day '' scene occurs -RRB- is one of the funniest , most poorly executed sequences committed to celluloid . Even worse is that we 're to assume the filmmakers intended to frighten the audience.Is there anything good about this movie ? No , not technically . However , I found Cayton gorgeous and there is an Oscar-worthy uncredited performance in this movie ... Eric Freeman 's eyebrows . You 'll know what I mean moments after this movie begins . They 're absolutely fascinating.This is a hard movie critique , because quite frankly it 's one of the worst films ever made . This movie features the very definition of bad acting , bad writing , and bad filmmaking . However , if you 're bored and have 88 minutes to waste you 'll likely be entertained as it is entertaining because of how bad it is . So , I give it 2 stars because it really ca n't be awarded 3 and a 1-star rating simply brands it unwatchable .
 Well , if you 've seen the first one , do n't waste your time here , it 's pretty much all the footage from the first one with about 20 minutes of horrible new stuff edited in with it . The only thing enjoyable about this movie is the incredibly horrible acting . Particularly `` Garbage Day ! ''
 Ricky , little brother of the previous films Santa Clause killer . Picks up where Billy left off . Around half of the movie shows scenes from Part 1 , but the new scenes that are here a pretty good . See a guy get backed over , and a guy killed with a battery charger . Good stuff !
 As my almost 4-year-old daughter is a big Strawberry Shortcake fan , we snapped up this title as soon as it was released and were very unhappily surprised to find the story included a villain and a storyline my daughter found to be disturbing and scary . She was horrified to see Honey Pie and the other ponies locked up in a cage , despite the ponies ultimate escape . Needless to say , my daughter took an active dislike to this video and insisted that the DVD be banished from our home . Moms beware . This release does not hold true to the sweet stories typical in the first three Strawberry Shortcake VHS/DVD titles . I do n't know what DiC Enterprises was thinking when they tinkered with the format . If future releases continue in this fashion , we will not be buying .
 Strawberry Shortcake was my Favorite thing when I was little . So , naturally , I started looking for some of the old movies for my little girl . I really do n't like the new look of Strawberry Shortcake and her friends , but bought this DVD for my daughter anyway . I love the smell of the DVD case , it smells just like my SSC doll that blows kisses that I got when I was 5 . But the stories are really stupid , and the songs are painfully done . I do n't know why they had to dumb it down so much . I personally miss the cuteness of the classic , as well as Sour Grapes and the Purple Pie Man . The villain in this is just rediculous . My daughter does like the first story , but wo n't watch the second one , -LRB- She 's 3 -RRB- the bad guy really bugs her . So , I am back to searching for the classics . I wish they would just put the old ones on DVD .
 Where do I begin . Let 's start with the sound quality . If your listening through headphones , do n't bother using the left earcup , there 's nothing there . The right cup is filled with overpowering analog hiss . I could barely hear the dialog . It 's not letterboxed or widescreened , it 's full screened , or rather left hand justified . If there is any action where the camera has to move quickly to follow it -LRB- and there is -RRB- , the pixils rudely take over . What a mess . If you 're a hardcore Caan fan , perhaps you 'll suffer through this . The majority of the movie is narrated by some 35 year old woman attempting an 89 yr . old voice . How does it end ? I do n't know . At around 23 minutes , my DVD crapped out and my player was audibly struggling to find a track . The only difference between this DVD and my DVD of `` Boy in the plastic bubble '' is `` Bubble '' at least played till the end . I just started a new catagory on my DVD shelf . The trash can right next to it .
 This is one of the greatest wastes of talent I 've seen in some time - and I 've seen some stinkers . Why Caan and Powers accepted this script is beyond me but at least they survived its embarrassment and went on to much greater things . I can forgive a lot in a Western and can avoid the others but this one should just quietly be forgotten .
 Caught this on cable . It 's a ridiculous plot with annoying characters and lengthy dialogue scenes that go on forever -LRB- which I fast-forwarded through -RRB- , but there 's some nice underwater scenery -LRB- no , seriously -RRB- . The only thing that makes this movie completely worth watching on cable , renting , or , at seven bucks , maybe even buying is Kelly Brook , who spends pretty much the entire movie looking AMAZING in a white bikini -LRB- very impressive assets -RRB- . She 's also topless quite often , although , until the second half of the film , the shots are fairly quick.There 's also a couple shots of her bare butt , but no frontal nudity . -LRB- Big continuity error when she goes skinny-dipping , but comes out of the ocean clearly wearing her bottoms . -RRB- There 's also a couple sex scenes ; the first one early in the film with Billy Zane features Brook with her hands bound by a leather belt . It 's all very hot , but she keeps her arms in the air , well above her head , and it just looked artificial and silly , like Sharon Stone 's sex scenes in Basic Instinct . -LRB- Not that I 'm complaining ... -RRB- But I had trouble dealing with how bald Billy Zane was . I 'm proud for him that he 's willing to not go the Sean Connery route and cover it up with a rug , but it was still unsettling . Oh , and I 've always liked Zane , but his performance was awkward ; maybe because his character 's paranoia about his wife 's fidelity -LRB- before she actually committed adultery -RRB- was absurd .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Aside of the 2 or 3 nude scenes , the writing , acting , screenplay , cinemetography was utter garbage .
 Well , I read somewhere in a review that this movie truly was meant for women . Myself , looking at Kelly Brook , I ca n't see how that remark is justified . In many ways it might be true since the concept and story is almost something you find in the typical cheap and dirty romance novels.How is Kelly Brook 's character , the heroine ? Granted she plays the character of a beautiful slightly-dimwitted wife of a rich insecure jerk , stranded in a deserted island with an attractive Latin jack-of-all-trades . Typical and expected , the wife has an illicit affair with `` Manuel '' the Latin hard-throve . What bothers me really , is that the husband is made to be the villain , when his insecurities and suspicions where in fact correct and justified . He may have initially being a jerk , she married him anyway , perhaps for his ability to provide ? Then again , maybe I am looking too much into this one than what it deserves.To be really honest , I was channel browsing and had a sudden glimpse of Kelly Brook , so I put the remote control down . I only missed about 10 minutes of the whole movie . The dialog was horrendous and unnatural , in my opinion . Kelly was made to be really dumb and overly demure , and the couple doing the dishonorable act was made to be the victim and heroine , or survivor.The concept and acting was shallow , vain , and superficial . The scenes seemed inconsistent . For example
 Caught this one night on cable . I guess I should start with , I am a fan of Billy Zane . I think he is a good intense actor and he does not disappoint in this movie . As far as Kelly Brook and Juan Pablo di Pace go , well , this is where the weakness in the movie starts.The movie is about a wealthy couple , Jack and Jennifer , who are stranded on a deserted island with Manuel their boatman . The story in the beginning is simply about survival on a deserted island . But it then quickly becomes about the struggle between Jack and Manuel with Jack 's wife Jennifer being the mediator and eventual prize.The strong parts of the movie are : Billy Zane - He plays a good part of a jealous and suspicious husband trying to take charge of a situation in which he has no control.The scenery
 the dialog is so unnatural and so contrite . the female leading actor does not look like anything but with a killer figures in white bikini . a stupid scenario tried to mimic ` the blue lagoon ' buttered with a bit of brosnan 's ` robinson cruso ? ' junk , mixed some more of ` the swiss family of robison -LRB- or is it ` swiss robinson family ' ? well , whatever -RRB- . the whole movie would never survived if without bill zane . the latin lover actor also acted so badly . the whole movie is just a disaster , skin-deep shallow and unconvincing at all . we had rejected it out of the dvd player twice , then thought to make the rental worth and decided to force ourselves to finish it . well , still cheaper than going to the Caribbeans in person , ca n't afford it even in my next life .
 Another hype movive that is so , lets keep it basic , stupid . one scene she takes off all her clothes and comes out with her bottoms on . and there are more of this camera work . it 's just a bad movie .
 This movie is a real dud . I can understand why Kelly Brock and Juan Pablo would take this job -LRB- who are they ? -RRB- but was surprised at Billy Zane . He 's a pretty good actor and surely , he must get better scripts than this . Maybe it was the location that got him and free vacation . Like I said , skip this movie and head for the Bahamas where it was filmed . Eleuthera is an incredibly beautiful and Twin Coves beach is spectacular . Go there with someone you love and make your own version .
 This purportedly steamy erotic thriller basically has little eroticism and no thrills . Billy Zane and Kelly Brook play a wealthy couple who are cast asea when their rented yacht catches fire , due to the temper of the hunky shipmate , Juan Pablo di Pace . First Kelly arrives on a deserted island , followed by DiPace . They initially spar and flirt , and then build a little hut and all is well until hubby Zane washes up too . The romantic triangle is pretty predictable and Zane 's performance is typically lifeless and wooden ; Brook and DiPace look good but the storyline is spread out to meet the ninety minute timeframe without any real novelties , only a small surprise twist ending . And what in the world does the voodoo shmoodoo have to do with anything ? The ocean looks beautiful , too , but the movie 's not that noteworthy .
 VERY SLOW AND BORING . NOT A FAMILY MOVIE AT ALL . BEFORE SPENDING MONEY TO RENT IT SEE IF YOU CAN CATCH IT ON TV .
 The dude that plays Manuel in this mess is the same one that sued the Royal Opera House in London for using a photo of him nude in a production of Rigoletto . He claims that the photographer airbrushed his wanger to make it appear too small . I saw the production when I was in London . He was neither big nor small -- just ordinary . Me thinks it is the ego that is big .
 You know those movies that make you feel sick and disgusted , and wish you did n't see the movie to begin with . Well , this is one of those movies . Man , those writers in Hollywood have no class or morals . I do n't know what they paid Kelly Brook to do the movie , but I 'm sure she realizes now it was n't worth it .
 A waste of talent of Titanic proportion for Billy Zane , if you 'll pardon the pun . A Robinson Crusoe shipwreck it is not . Can a cigarette lighter 's fluid really last a year when it is the only source of fire to cook with ? A well endowed Kelly Brook shows a lot of skin and not much acting ability . Competing for Ms. Brook is the other hunk , Juan Pablo Di Pace . As the flimsy plot develops he is actually under the spell of a spurned lover who is into voodoo rituals . Got that ? If you want to see an entertaining adventure film , check out `` The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik Yak '' -LRB- also available from Amazon.com -RRB- . It 's got more action , more scenery , more almost naked women and men , and a plausible plot .
 BIG NEWS is a 1929 sound film starring Robert Armstrong as a drunken newspaper reporter caught up in big city crime and corruption . The film itself is no great shakes , but the real reason to watch this DVD is to see a very young Carole Lombard . Lombard plays Armstrong 's supportive , put-upon wife.It 's not much of a role , but Lombard does a decent job . However , she is far from the mid 30 's Lombard that most movie fans are familiar with . This film is so early in Lombard 's career that she is billed as `` Carol '' instead of `` Carole '' . Lombard developed an interest in numerology and added an e to her first name soon after this film.As for Alpha Video 's DVD -- the print is pretty bad . The framing is not very good -- there are several scenes where the top of the characters ' heads are cut off ! The DVD clocks in at 66 minutes . I have a book on Lombard which lists the film 's running time as 75 minutes . Having only seen the film on this DVD , it 's hard to say if this is a complete version or not . If you are a Carole Lombard fan , you may want to purchase this as a chance to see her before she became a big star . She still looks gorgeous despite the poor quality of the DVD . If you are not a die-hard fan of Carole or early-sound cinema , this film may not be for you .
 I was really looking forward to watching this 1929 early talkie starring a very young Carole Lombard . However , I could only get through the first thirty minutes of the film before I had to give up and stop the DVD . The movie itself was okay , but the transfer was terrible.The whole time that I watched the film , most of the actors ' heads were cut off at the shoulders . This went on scene after scene . Talk about bad framing of the picture that appears on your TV screen . Come on , Alpha , you can do better than this.There are lots of B-movie and Poverty Row movie fans who depend on Alpha for its vast catalog of quirky , obscure , and mostly public domain titles in many different genres . Alpha does a great job with its colorful and well-designed DVD cases . So how about putting that same amount of time and effort into the picture and sound quality of the movie that 's inside the case .
 This movie is filled with endless scenes which look like they 're building up to something major , but then nothing happens ! A good 45 minutes of it is watching a character crawl through the wilderness on his belly -LRB- um ... it 's just one leg that 's injured - how about hopping around for at least a while , or using a big tree branch as a crutch ? -RRB- . It 's an endless stream of set ups with zero pay off . Amnesia ; got it . Flashbacks ; okay . But sitting through the entire thing , only to have it end with a thud instead of an `` AHHHH !!! '' moment , that 's what I found frustrating with this movie . And the only `` AHHH '' realization that comes at the end , you 're like , '' ... oh . Okay ... `` Adrian Brody is a great actor . But this movie is a great idea that takes way WAY too long to make its point . Thank goodness for Redbox ; I would have been angrier if I would have paid more than $ 1.00 to sit through this . And I 'm all for suspending disbelief for the sake of a movie . But if your average cell phone gets submerged under water in rough , cascading , roaring rapids for about 10 minutes , it 's history . It wo n't just start working again after it dries out .
 This movie started decent and then dragged on and on ... and on ... and I felt the ending gave very little to be desired , especially after watching the whole movie . It has it 's moments , very few and far between
 Orderd a movie and 5 days later they have n't botherd to ship it . Must be so busy they do n't need my business
 I 'd suggest you watch the first 10 minutes of this disc , then skip to the last 10 minutes , because the entire `` story '' resides in those segments.All you have in between are endless scenes of Adrian Brody crawling on his belly across boring and repetitious heavily forested hillsides.He wakes up trapped in a wrecked car , suffering from amnesia . How 'd he get there ? How does he get out ? A survival story . That 's the first ten minutes.Aaaaah ! That 's what happened ! Okay ! That 's the last 10 minutes ... max!In between
 Just when I thought it was n't possible for a movie to be as bad as `` Haywire , '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- , along comes `` Wrecked '' ! As with `` Haywire , '' I rented this movie from a Red Box rental machine for all of $ 1.28 , and I feel like I was robbed.The movie begins with Brody 's character -- listed in the end credits as simply `` Man '' -- regaining consciousness in a wrecked car sitting in the middle of the woods . Sitting in the back seat is a corpse , and another one lies in the forest about twenty feet from the car . -LRB- You know this much by reading the movie 's own description . -RRB- The next * 20 minutes * of the movie are spent on watching Man wondering where the hell he is , trying to extricate himself from the car -LRB- his leg is pinned -RRB- , cursing at his situation , and just looking around . Watching water evaporate is more engaging . `` Man '' finally manages to free himself from the car , and the next * 60 minutes * -LRB- yes , one whole hour -RRB- is spent doing little more than watching him crawl around the forest . -LRB- His leg is wounded from the accident and he ca n't walk . -RRB- Man is in the forest for -LRB- if I counted correctly -RRB- five full days , and with the exception of rain water that he drinks on day two , we see him eat almost nothing , and opportunities for water are few and far between . Yet in spite of the severe lack of sustenance and hydration , Man is still able have the strength to do all that crawling around . And this is to say nothing of his leg wound , which by now surely would have become infected and caused him even greater difficulty.He comes upon a dead man in a cave of sorts , and the viewer is left utterly clueless as to who he is and how he met his fate . He periodically encounters a woman who , as it turns out , is just a hallucination , but when you find out who the woman actually is -LRB- at the very end of the movie -RRB- , you are left completely baffled as to why she says the things she does to Man and why she is portrayed the way she is . There are also a few flashbacks that are not really flashbacks which do little more than to further confound the viewer 's understanding of what the actual events are that led to Man 's predicament . Only at the very end of the movie are those events revealed , and then the movie ends abruptly.My daughter , who watched the movie with me , and I sat for a few moments in silence at the movie 's end . We were pondering if the movie really did end the way it did -LRB- or were we , too , hallucinating ? -RRB- , and we were also left momentarily speechless that the whole affair was so bad.In all fairness , Brody 's acting was good , and he does succeed in generating a level of pathos with the viewer . However , given the other considerations surrounding his performance -LRB- i.e. , the plot , the monotony , etc. -RRB- , it 's hard to recommend this movie . Were it not for Brody 's acting , I would have certainly given this movie one star.Save yourself the money and the 91 minutes of your life and skip this one .
 Wrecked opens with a man trapped in a car and his predicament seemingly never ends until he frustratingly frees himself from the vehicle . You now watch him crawl through the woods as dream sequences make the viewer question if anything interesting will happen . A dog shows up but we never know if he is real . I do n't want to be a spoiler -LRB- if that is actually possible with this film -RRB- so I will only say that the bits and pieces we were given as to his dilemma finally become one longer dream sequence that suddenly explains it all.Wrecked is just that , wrecked . Adrian Brody is a good actor but not so much that one wants to stare almost endlessly at his face . The film relies on long maddening camera shots that produce nothing of interest . Brody trapped in the car at the beginning goes on so long that some may actually bail out of the movie . If a film relies on basically one character , it is helpful if you can find something about him you like to root for his survival . Brody is unlikeable throughout , and the fact that we may believe he is a ruthless criminal does n't help.What keeps you watching is the question of what it 's all about . I do n't believe this film reached the theatres for a reason , few can sit through it 's laborious acts . Human survival is the lure and it 's portrayal flops . Brody looks like he could have gotten pnemonia playing this part and all for an empty film ... and a paycheck . You may never know if the filmmakers thought they had something here or if they simply wanted to create a low budget direct to Red Box profit generator . Either way , steer clear of Wrecked unless your looking for a quick nap .
 In `` Wrecked '' Adrien Brody plays an unnamed man , who finds himself trapped inside a mangled car , left alone in a ravine . Because of the shock , it seems , the man , injured and covered in blood , remembers nothing about what happened , or even his name . I must quickly add that you should n't expect a `` thriller , '' however , at least in a conventional sense . The film 's tone is more like that of an experimental indie film like Gus Van Sant 's `` Gerry '' without dialogues.Yes , the film opens somewhat like `` Buried , '' but I find it hard to pinpoint what genre `` Wrecked '' falls into . The film 's pace is very slow as a thriller . Some may compare this with Jack London stories , but he is a gifted storyteller , which the film is simply not . Apparently Brody 's character sees `` things '' - I refuse to reveal what they are - whether or not they are products of his hallucinations , I frankly do n't know . To me they all just look random and pointless.Director Michael Greenspan -LRB- his feature debut -RRB- goes for realism , taking extremely long time to show the situation under which Adrien Brody 's character has to suffer -LRB- including a Tiny Tim rendition of `` Tiptoe Through the Tulips '' -RRB- , but relies too much on the actor 's skills -LRB- which are considerable , I admit -RRB- and the deserted atmosphere of the wilderness . As a result , despite some realistic descriptions of the protagonist 's struggles for survival , and one Buster Keaton-like incredible stunt -LRB- done by the star himself -RRB- , to me watching `` Wrecked '' was a very tedious experience.Sit through the film with patience and you will know that everything -LRB- well , almost everything -RRB- fits in the right place with its rather flat ending . But chances are you will have lost your interest by then .
 Second of the three movies based on the `` Fibber McGee & Molly '' radio comedy . This one is n't quite as funny as the first film , but has some amusing bits for those who know the characters from radio . There are some rather surreal bits with Charlie McCarthy prancing around on his own without Edgar Bergen , and a politically-incorrect visit to an Indian reservation.Mildly amusing and probably a great hit in its day when everyone in America would have known all the characters intimately .
 Let me preface this by stating that I 'm a TKD and HKD instructor . I was interested in this DVD because it features Korean HKD masters and grandmasters , and I hoped to learn some new tips or teaching steps for basic HKD techniques.Unfortunately , this DVD contains very little explanation of the techniques shown . While the people showing the techniques are generally good , they do not break down the techniques step by step . Instead , you see them do the technique at full speed a few times , then they replay the footage in slow motion , all the while there is a voice-over giving a description of what 's going on.First , while the techniques look good , I 've already got plenty of footage of technique from my own home videos , and my DVD player has slow-motion playback . So this DVD is hardly worth the price just for the footage.Second , while the explanations are correct , they are not nearly detailed enough to learn the techniques correctly . If you already know HKD , sure , you can follow along , but if you already know HKD you really do n't need this DVD . My goal was to see other ways to teach basic HKD techniques , but this really does n't contain any teaching.Third , the nakbup section is dangerously under-explained . It shows black belt students lining up and running through moves like front-fall , back-fall , high jump-rolling , and long jump-rolling with almost zero explanation of the techniques . When I and other instructors teach these techniques , we start with drills that show proper body position and go through the motions from a much lower height and slower speed , then gradually build up . This DVD skips all that and just shows black belts doing the techniques full-speed and at full-height . It 's not even a very helpful demo as you can clearly see variation in the students ' technique and the voice-over does n't mention even some of the obvious points of execution.Also , there 's no mention of the fact that these drills are done a well-padded floor -LRB- like a wrestling mat -RRB- . If a novice tried the nakbup drills on a regular floor or even puzzle-mat , they could easily injure themselves.The only reason this DVD merits even 2 stars is that at least the footage shows good execution and it covers a pretty wide array of basic HKD techniques .
 This man is not part of the World Hapkido Federation . Possibly something out of Korea , and not the true World Hapkido Federation .
 I purchased this movie on DVD recently because I like Jami Gertz . There was some excellent acting in this movie but the overall story and language was not my cup of tea .
 this item did nothing to educate nor inform the audience of the artist Vincent VanGogh as a person nor his work
 This should not be viewed as a ` biography ' . It is a ficticious movie that presents Vincent as a lady 's man.It is made even worse as a ` life of the artist ' because all the actors are very convincing and resemble their namesakes . A viewer who does not know more than the usual ` van Gogh was crazy and he cut off his ear ' will unfortunately take this account as truth . But even they will be confused , as I was , because at this period in his life , Vincent 's ear would have been disfigured.It would have been a better idea to present this as a French Impressionist who lived at the same time , but with a different name . The period scenes , rooms and railcars are nice.Nice touches are when Theo 's wife is bathing , she resembles a Degas bather.In the deleted scenes , there 's a funny one of Vincent observing a family with a baby taking it 's first steps . It 's a reference to the Millet painting ` First Steps ' , that Vincent made his own copy of . He makes a grumbling remark about that ` damn Millet ' . This likely is n't the way he would have felt about that artist either , since he greatly admired Millet and made many many copies after Millet 's work . But-it 's still funny to someone who gets the joke.Your money would be better spent at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC , where you can see van Gogh 's ` First Steps-after Millet ' .
 Jacques Dutronc was great , it was the directing and the portrayal of Van Gogh that I thought was inaccurate . This movie is only based on the last 67 days of Van Gogh 's life . Perhaps , I would have enjoyed it more if we could have watched how Van Gogh evolved . What was he like during the ten years before his death ? I 'd like to see a movie that can depict more of the essence of Van Gogh , and not only focus on `` the worst days of his life '' . There is a huge misconception in the world , of who Van Gogh `` is '' , and this movie only feeds it . Read `` Dear Theo ''
 This film -- which could have been quite good because of its narrow focus on the last two months of Van Gogh 's life -- is , in the end , a disaster . The film is grossly inaccurate in its portrayals of Vincent , his brother Theo , Dr. Paul Gachet and Gachet 's daughter , Marguerite . Director Maurice Pialat seems to have thrown virtually every known fact about Van Gogh out the window and has rewritten history according his own distorted -LRB- and actually extremely boring -RRB- vision.A far better movie would be Robert Altman 's `` Vincent and Theo '' starring Tim Roth . Pialat 's film , unfortunately , is a mess .
 Pure trash . Save your time and money . It does not belong in the catagory with `` Cezanne in Provence '' .
 I can not vouch for the accuracy of this film , because it lost my full attention past the opening scene . After five minutes , my significant other was asleep . Always a bad sign , he 'll watch anything . The movie is about the last two months of Van Gogh 's life , and it feels like the viewer is watching each day pass by ; each scene draws out innocuous , tedious details , e.g. , a scene Van Gogh examined by his physician sucks up a good ten minutes of the time ; physician chats with his cook , his son , yada , yada ; Van Gogh undresses ; cook snaps green beans ; physician walks back into the room ; more small talk ; silence . There 's lots of scenes of people tending to their personal hygiene , eating dinner , and making small talk . In subtitle . This is just an example of the pace of the entire movie , and this sucker is l-o-n-g . It 's like watching the last of the `` Lord of the Rings '' trilogy , only infinitely less interesting . If you feel you absolutely must watch this film , plug it in your DVD player , grab a good book , your cell phone , and your laptop so you can net surf . This film just Will . Not . End . Ever .
 This is a truly fictional account of the final days of Vincent van Gogh . Anyone who understands the life of this artist will be taken aback by this film 's completely insensitive portrayal of Vincent 's relationship with his brother . In one scene , Theo actually discount 's Vincent 's entire output , wishing he had painted more like the impressionists ! This film would have you believe that despite a forbidden , sexual relationship with his physician 's daughter -LRB- who is about half his age -RRB- , Vincent is driven to commit suicide . First of all , there is no evidence that such a relationship ever occured . Further , the film offers no insite into the true character of the artist and the real reasons that he took his own life . I gave it one star because I ca n't go any lower ... for an accurate account of this artist 's life , see `` Vincent & Theo '' or `` Lust for Life . ''
 We thought that the 2008 date meant it was a recent production . It looks like an old VHS that has been transferred to DVD . It was a dull presentation . We 're donating it to the library .
 This is a `` Been there , done that '' wan na be `` Artsy black film '' . It offers nothing new , very poor production value , very bad acting , music is very poor and the director might want to re-think his career path because his phone will not be ringing after this so called film for sure . Oh and Q-Tip is so very bad also .
 Simply put ... it is a very bad film even for first time director ! Made no sense , made not one point , no rhyme or reason !
 I ca n't believe they released this on DVD . I bought it at a local store , and luckily was able to return it.The only person who would really like this is a HardCore Hornsby fan who is obsessed and needs to own everything he/she can that is Hornsby related.Mainly , it 's the sound quality . There are times where it actually fades out , like you 're listening to an old beat up cassette that is on it 's last legs.The picture quality is n't any better . It was very poorly filmed and recorded.Musically , it is a decent performance for the most part , although early in the group 's history . I 've heard them play much better . Maybe I was just too distracted by the quality to really enjoy it.I 'm sorry .
 For a concert DVD , I can accept average video , but the audio still has to be listenable . I watched this with headphones on and it gets painful on many of the songs - it sounds like someone left the master tape sitting in the rain before they transfered this to DVD . It fluctuates so bad at times you ca n't even hear much of anything .
 An all star cast is featured in this oddball comedy about an actor who finds a daschund and goes through nothing but trouble in Monte Carlo when he realizes it leads to a murder , and in turn he gets entangled with other people in this so-called conspiracy . The photography is nice and there are some pretty good moments , but why do the stars shout nearly every line ?
 `` once upon a crime '' contained no acting , no comedy , and was very annoyoying to watch and i never wan na see it again
 Viewed
 My son is 18 months and LOVES Little Bear . This movie is not like the little bear episodes that he normally watches . There is a lost bear that is kind of mean at first and there are some other bad scary characters in it . My nephew , who is 3 , got really scared when he saw this movie . Do n't recommend .
 The Music is to 1800s-ish . I would recomend other movies like `` The Backyardigans ' , `` LazyTown '' , or the classic family musical `` CATS '' !! I Hate This DVD !!!!!!!!!
 This is a ghost movie . Oh wait , no , it 's a slapstick comedy . Oops again , nope , it 's a musical at one point . I love steam trains , enjoy old ghost stories , have an entire collection of musicals , and relish the silent slapstick comedies . This movie , unfortunately , tries to be all at once . What results is a movie that left me wondering , `` What the hell were they thinking ? '' One reviewer hit it on the head
 Warning !!! ... Stay away from this DVD !!! As a longtime Glenn Hughes fan I was heartbroken by the quality of this DVD . The performance is great but the quality of the video was possibly inferior that of some webcasts . The video also seems to have been filmed with a time delay effect making glenn 's vocals and the also the drummer 's playing out of time with what we are seeing on the screen.During darker moments we are subjected to a unacceptable amount of pixelation all over the image.Glenn Hughes as an artist should never have permitted such a shoddy -LRB- Grab The Money And Run -RRB- release to have ever hit the shelves.Shame On Him !!
 First of all , let me start by saying that I am a HUGE Glenn Hughes fan . I 've been following his career since the Trapeze days and I think he is one of the best and most soulful vocalist around . I have all his discs and I will continue to buy his discs because he 's something special . Now , the problem with the DVD . First of all , I do n't like the filters that were used in the production of the video . Secondly , there is a very clear disconnect between the music and the video . It just does n't gel ! Too much technological meddling . And clearly there are many times where you hear Glenn 's voice but he is not singing at the mike . What does this mean ? Well , in my opinion , it appears that he 's overdubbed quite a bit of the vocals , if not all of them . This is a live concert for crying out loud . I want to see a performance with the warts and all , otherwise I 'll listen to the studio CD . Glenn Hughes is amazing but this DVD was extremely disappointing to me . Not to mention that the individual tracks are not even indexed . Hopefully next time we will see a real performance !
 One of the strangest movies I have ever seen . Really could n't make out the beginning nor the end . I 'm sorry I purchased it .
 I 'm the kind of person who is always seeking out the most challenging types of experimental films within any kind of sub-genre . This one caught my eye in particular due to its promise of extreme behavior , gay themes , and sordid subject matter . Widely hated as a picture , it seemed to me at the time , I read most of what folks had to say about it and it seemed to be universally agreed upon as being an uapologetically off-putting film featuring all manner of disgusting acts and violent unsimulated sexual behavior . Being one of those people who likes to be challenged in all ways possible , including in the stomach , I tracked down a used copy at a local Hastings store in Kansas . I can definitely say that this film totally delivers the graphic and sordid content it promises in full ... for about fifteen minutes . The opening sequence of this film is full of all the grisly graphic violence , sexual torture , rape , and mutilation of the body that you could possibly want ! It starts off like a sort of crime picture about a renegade hitman being targeted by his own employers for death . Things fall apart one after another and after the blood soaked antics clears the screen , we 're left with a fairly standard leather jacket love story involving two men who are n't particularly good looking and do n't exactly ooze with screen presence.What the film ACTUALLY is , for the most part , is a road picture following our main character , who is now retired from the crime underground , and his girlfriend , who is basically the only likable character in the picture and who unfortunately has to deal with her boyfriend 's various issues involving his past . Throughout the picture the two engage in random sex with prostitutes . These scenes mostly exist for some strangely humorous moments that grow old and do n't exactly teach us anything more about these characters other than bad luck follows them wherever they go . These scenes tend to slow the film down and , at one point , even bring the film to a dead halt when one hook-up turns into a violent accident -LRB- trust me , its nothing interesting -RRB- . At times the film feels like its attempting to mix the feel of a 90s road movie with a Bruce La Bruce picture , but it lacks both the energetic tone and the smart satire to successfully pull it off . There are some cameos here and there and some clever dialogue that does help to move the film along , and to be honest its not like its as painful to sit through as most films of its kind . The best thing that I can say about FLIRTING WITH ANTHONY is that there is some intelligence in this screenplay that occasionally does bleed onto the finished product.The film simply wears out its welcome after the first act and never really catches its footing until the final act of the film , in which the film improves significantly after a graphic bathroom sex scene . From there on out , the picture begins to come alive again as some brutally honest imagery and emotion begins to quietly and subtly build to the surface . The quiet energy and the simplistic tone of the final ten minutes of the film really struck me as something somewhat special , and its really to bad that the film does n't really quite earn it . I was still surprised by it , however , and was relieved that the film did n't end in a lazy manner . It ended in a way that felt me feeling quite uncertain of the fate of these characters , despite the fact that I cared nothing for them . Ultimately , I did n't find the film to be frustrating or deceitful like I do most crappy gay themed films , and so I 'd recommend FLIRTING WITH ANTHONY over at least half of the bad gay films I 've seen . This does n't mean that I recommend the picture as a whole , however , as it is simply too unsteady , lacking in focus , and there 's little to care about when you 're watching . I enjoyed the color scheme of the film -LRB- 1st act = RED , 2nd act = WHITE , 3rd act = BLUE -RRB- and I think it had strong opening and closing scenes , but the film had no meat , no substance , and no texture . It was just sort of a hodge-podge of different styles and tones with little to sufficiently tie it all together . Ultimately , a weak film , but by no means is it the worst of its kind like some folks claim .
 What were they thinking ??? I got about 5 mins into this movie and literally could not stomach watching anymore of it , though I did fast forward through it , doing spot checks with hopes of finding a redeeming quality -LSB- I did not find one -RSB- . This movie was bad across the board , a complete waste of money . The Casting was comical -LRB- I felt bad for the actors -RRB- , the Acting , Direction and Overall look of the film was Terrible ; it all came off as a really BAD Bisexual Porn with a Perverse Plot . TERRIBLE !!!!! To write a review I had to give it a least 1 star though it does ` nt deserve one ...
 I have a girlfriend named Chichona -LRB- That is spanish for big knockers -RRB- . I like to Honk things -LRB- car horns , big red noses , etc. -RRB- . Therefore I purhcased this movie with its tremendously enticing title . Now I am a business man -LRB- owner of a dive bar -RRB- from a largely populated area somewhere in the U.S. I know classic movies like I know Star Trek , and I know a whole lot about Star Trek , but this is just another case of hooligans trying to tear down the thriller movie biz . Now you would n't hire a clown to fix a leak in the jon , so why are you allowing garbage like this to penetrate our TVs . Even chichona -LRB- that is big honkers in spanish -RRB- did n't like it . For that matter , the stinking drunks in my bar did n't like it either , and for crying out loud they were drunk !!! So the answer is no , I would never recommend this movie , I 'll stick with disney , it is less violent .
 I would first like to express my sincere and utmost appreciation for expending the time required to peruse my humble treatise of this cinematograph . I would ademently indispose your perlustration of this film as it is an utter and integral dissipation of your earthly allotment . I implore you to lend me a listening ear in this matter since I have been adorned with the Spirit 's gift of discernment . More edifying uses of time may include employing lofty language in excessively lengthy prayers very late at night , precision cleaning sliding door runners , envisioning my future British husband , and fondelling Mr. Scott Gervais ' massive biceps . And now I bid you audieu .
 Is there french audio track available on the DVD ? It 's very important , i d'ont have the DVD , if there french audio track , I 'll buy it for my mother who dose n't understand english , so please tell me ! My mother want really want this movie .
 I purchased this DVD based on all the positive reviews , however after viewing it , I was extremely disappointed.I watched this movie with my two-year old son and my four-year old daughter . The movie starts out simple enough w/Clara and Fritz heading home to the party . However , the storyline vears off from the original ballet version when Drosselmyer begins to explain to Clara how his nephew became the Nutcracker . It takes the viewer into a mini-subplot about a king -LRB- who is rather rude -RRB- and his Queen -LRB- whom I assume is supposed to resemble Mother Ginger ? -RRB- . I found this part of the storyline to be annoying and unnecessary . My daughter -LRB- who has seen the ballet version of the Nutcracker -RRB- kept looking at me confused wondering who these characters were -LRB- since they are not part of the ballet version -RRB- . Then my two-year old basically jumped into my lap when the Queen Rat 's son -LRB- very ugly and mean looking -RRB- came back to life after it appeared to be dead . I am fully aware of the battle between the mice and the soldiers and expected a certain amount of violence . However , when the camera zooms in closely on what appears to be a dead rat and then the rat jumps up and roars w/it 's ugly face , I do n't find that appropriate for small children . Talk about causing nightmares!My daughter was also very disappointed that there was no Land of Sweets -LRB- this movie has Land of Dolls -RRB- and that the `` best part '' was missing -LRB- performances by foreign countries -- China , Arabia , Russia , etc. -RRB- . This movie was a huge disappointment !!!! Not recommended if you 're looking for the ballet storyline .
 I purchased this to show to my three year old before we went to the ballet.She was terrified and all we managed to watch together was the first 15 mins . I do not recommend this to anyone wanting to tell the story to a young child-read them a book.She loved the ballet by-the-way , once I persuaded her to go after seeing the video !
 This dvd is mediocre at best -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- The narrator does an effective job demonstrating each rudiment , starting slow and then increasing in speed . He is one of the monotonous individuals i have ever seen , not very dynamic and did n't hold my interest at all.This entire dvd is just the narrator/actor showcasing rudiments . Gives no pointers and nothing extra . I would pass on this dvd if i had the choice again.He did effectively show each of the rudiments ... nothing more
 Potentially interesting plot gets completely lost amid constant chases and bang bang shoot-outs , that reduce this to what amounts to just another boring guns , cars , and chases movie with a slight time-travel thing thrown in for the sci-fi addicts.And do films ALWAYS have to end with the two protaganists meeting for the final cliffhanging -LRB- yawn . . -RRB- confrontation?Wake me up someone ...
 Labeling vigilantes ' use of a windmill as a hanging platform as `` technology '' is a real stretch . Similarly , ear cropping and branding to clearly ID robbers , use of a bullwhip to punish others , and a mountain howitzer to blow down a wanted man 's cabin . Sorry - there really is n't any technology involved here - just raw justice , and sometimes abuse of justice .
 this movies horribl ; e its so stupid the babies are gross and sooooooooooooooo annoing see spongebob or hey arnold or fairly odd parents skip this .
 I 'm sorry but I just ca n't see the appeal of any Rugrats movie ect . To me , the Rugrats only teach rudeness , selfishness and disrespect . My 3 year old wo n't watch Rugrats and any caring parent wo n't let their kids watch it either !! The Rugrats are not wholesome family entertainment.Utter trash - poor annimation - brainless and pointless story-there you have it-THE RUGRATS . Do n't insult your child 's intelligence by exposing him/her to this garbage .
 I never got it to work . I tried before I cancelled my purchase . But I really hope I did n't get charged for it anyway since it never worked
 She is a little poser !!! Kimi is the most gross and irritating of the babies . Wearing that stupid little diaper , always so happy . She wo n't be so happy when I kick her between the legs . Also , those stupid little cowboy boots . She really sucks . I 'd like to see her get really injurewd and cry . That shown her !!! The movie was good , but she stinks .
 The video was in good shape and it arrived promptly . However , the box was not the one I saw in the picture , and the movie was not the 4 hour TV version I hoped for . The version is not the seller 's fault , of course .
 I was hoping that this would be a campy , scary ride . I was sorely disappointed . It 's nonsensical and stupid . Lou Diamond Phillips and Lori Petty as crack FBI agents -LRB- !?! -RRB- pull Steven Williams out an assassination attempt and decide to flee across the closed highway of the title to get him to LA to testify against some random mobsters . Why they do this pretty much defies logic ; I mean , the state does n't just decide to close highways for no reason , people . Does it ever occur to them that the road might be , oh , say washed out ? Impassible ? Nope . They mention that the road is dangerous -LRB- well since it 's supposed to be a highway , but it 's about as wide as you average suburban driveway , I bet it is pretty dangerous . Unless it was meant for interstate moped travel -RRB- , knock down the barriers and barrel on down the road . Leaving those barriers conveniently down for the assassins to follow . Hey , why not just paint a sign - `` They went that ` a ` way ! `` Of course , on the road , the tires on their cars melt , so they 'll have to hoof it . To Los Angeles . In the desert . All the better so that they can be attacked by the blood-thirsty -LRB- and hopelessly comical looking -RRB- zombies that haunt the road . You see , route 666 is haunted by the death of four of the chain-gang who constructed it , who died a mysterious death . Well , it will be mysterious to anyone who had never seen a movie before , or read a book . Or been out of the house . In any case , the road needs blood to survive , and we are told `` somebody always bleeds '' Must be a lot of skinned knees on the moped expressway . So , we are treated to a lot of extras being pounded into the pavement -LRB- in what can only be called Jerk-O-Vision -RRB- while the Karo syrup flies . Do I need to tell you that there 's a corrupt sheriff involved ? That one of the zombies is related to one of our heroes ? That Lori Petty is about as believable as a crack FBI agent as , well as Lou Diamond Phillips is ? All of this is wrapped up about 90 minutes later with a big confrontation involving an imaginary steamroller , some fake blood , and The Redemptive Power of Love.Pass this one .
 Why are there two prats giving this 5 out of 5 . They are so obviously joke reviews . This is an awful movie and the zombie scenes are shut with a low shutter speed , so they end up looking like jerky pop-videos . - Mike
 I did n't care for the movie that much . Part of it could be the `` Shaking '' camera during the prisoner 's appearance , but also it could have been written a little better in my opinion . What I WAS impressed with was the music soundtrack -LRB- of which , seems to be unavailabe -RRB- , containing some of the coolest blues-type guitar I 've heard in awhile . I 'm considering watching it again to find out who did the music . JP
 the film begins good with Phillips and Petty confronting Williams to come back and testify for some big case and they 'll put him under custody , the shootout at the beginning is kind of corny . so they go out onto the road and its good but then when they hit the cemetary part and then those spirits of the chaingang come there is a cheesy movie with lame music and smelly deaths and Williams is a little bit funny but he gets annoying after awhile . lame storytelling and wooden emotions filled with wooden and dry directing dont make this a whole great movie
 After reading the names of the actors and actresses in this movie , I must say that I expected a little more out of this movie . What I got was a complete mess of a so-called `` horror movie '' . The idea and the name of Route 666 sounds good , but the movie is a complete flop . Basically , `` Route 666 '' is about a condemned highway or road where some really bad prisoners died and were buried in a cemetery off the highway . Strange things start appearing to our lead character Jack played by Lou Diamond Phillips . Ultimately , the ghost prisoners return from the grave to wreck havoc on the outlanders who dared to travel on Route 666 . It might sound halfway decent , but trust me , it 's not . It 's an awful flick!The acting in `` Route 666 '' is pretty terrible , the directing is awful and the movie takes on a rock n ' roll persona that destroys any possible horror atmosphere , mood or theme for this flick . `` Route 666 '' is completely lacking in style , atmosphere and substance , all of which are necessary for a horror movie 's effectiveness , and Route 666 has n't got any of these things . Dale Midkiff did a pretty decent job in `` Pet Sematary '' although certainly not a great job , but in this movie , he and the rest of the cast were awful ! The action is completely nonsensical and the movie is pure rubbish . If you want a scary movie , you wo n't find it in this rubbish . If you want rock n ' roll bs with an attitude , you have come to the right place , but it sure does n't do anything for me .
 I do n't even know what I was thinking when I rented this one . Lori Petty -LRB- yes , the Lori Petty . I rented a Lori Petty movie ! Oh , the shame ! -RRB- and Lou Diamond Phillips are U.S. Marshals escorting a prisoner when they stumble upon Route 666 - a old deserted highway which is haunted by slow moving ghost zombies . Well , actually only four slow moving ghost zombies and one of them happens to be Lou Diamond Phillips ' father ... yea.There are a lot of things wrong with this movie -LRB- bad direction , Lori Petty , no ninjas , Lori Petty , lame fx 's , Lori Petty , Lori Petty -RRB- , but the main culprit is the writing . It 's almost like this was originally meant to be a episode of something like `` The X-Files '' but once that fell through the three -LRB- !!!!!! -RRB- writers fleshed it out with annoying dialogue and made a movie.Not the stinkiest stinker that ever did stink , but it 's still pretty smelly .
 I bought the movie because I like Dale Midkiff , watched the movie for one minute , then burned it!Very bad language !
 i saw this movie on SCI-FI last night ! this movie is supposedly a `` zombie '' flick ! after watching the part were they come in i was like `` wait . . wait oh wait they are n't zombies their ghosts ! `` even killing scenes were AWFUL i swear this movie looks like if it were a MADE FOR TV movie or something ! the `` killing '' scenes are quite laughable considering ALL the horror movies i have seen ! but this movie is more of a family drama about a son who finally gets to meet his dad after so long and they both save each other!this whole movie should have just been an 1 hour instead of 2 ! you could sum up the whole flim in 1 hour cause is all their doing is driving in the dessert and encountering revenageful ghosts and only 3 of them surive!skip this movie and go for `` return of the living dead '' !
 This film is pretty weak . A team of F.B.I. agents must transport a witness to court in short time . They decide to use the closed-down Route 66 as a short cut . Turns out it 's closed down for a reason . Whenever people travel the road , 4 convict zombies rise from the asphalt -LRB- complete with chain-gang tools ! -RRB- to kill and mutilate . Being an admirer of director William Wesley 's first feature , Scarecrows -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , I was expecting another unique , scary and exciting B-movie . But it 's none of the above . The best thing about it are the cool-looking zombies , but Wesley chose to shoot all of the action scenes with a shaky and frenetic camera.It looks superficial and ruins any suspense . It 's disappointing to think he might 've used this technique because the film takes place entirely in daylight , and he thought the zombies were n't convincing enough . They look great , and it would 've been so much more enjoyable to just watch them attack without all the distracting camera movements . Not to say it would make this film much better . It 's filled with irritating `` hip '' dialogue and endless sarcastic lines , the plot is ridiculous and the sub-plot about one of the chain-gang corpses being Lou Diamond Phillips ' dad is laughable . And people looking for graphic gore will also be disappointed , there 's some , but it 's infrequent and consists mainly of splattered blood . My biggest question is , what took Wesley so long to make such a mediocre second film ? It 's a far cry from his superior debut .
 Route 666 is about a federal agent responsible for safely transporting a witness to the courtroom on time . In order to achieve this , he takes a shortcut using a closed road and on the way must confront ghosts from the past and exorcise the demons that haunt him.There 's not much that I liked about this film . Lou Diamond Phillips has done some great work in the past but this is not his finest hour . There are many things to dislike about this film . The acting is rather ordinary and the script is quite implausible . Picking holes in the plot is an activity that could take hours all on its own . Many of the actions of the characters simply defy logic.Should anybody watch this movie ? Certainly not if you 're going to pay any money for it . All in all it 's a rather boring movie and the DVD has no extras . If the movie is free then I 'd only watch it if you 've really got nothing better to do !
 Route 666 -LRB- William Wesley , 2001 -RRB- Steven Williams is one of those actors who , in my opinion , always makes anything he 's in just that much better . It must have been pretty tough to do with Route 666 , which sports one of the downright silliest scripts to come down the pike in I do n't know how long , but Cuban director Wesley -LRB- Scarecrows -RRB- obviously decided to try and save it by picking up the best cast he could for the small budget he must have had , and Williams shines here , as do a number of smaller players who are similarly fine . Too bad about everything else , though ... Route 666 tells the tale of a bunch of Federal witness protection marshals , led by Secret Service agent Jack LaRoca -LRB- Lou Diamond Phillips -RRB- , who hunt down a fugitive named Rabbit -LRB- Williams -RRB- and have to get him back to Los Angeles for a trial where he 's agreed to testify against a mafia boss . They get lost on back roads , eventually ending up coming out on Route 66 where an old , condemned extension , Route 666 , is supposed to go all the way to the California border . Despite rumors that the road is supposedly haunted by the ghosts of prisoners who died while working on the road , including LaRoca 's father , LaRoca decides to take the road in order to save as much time as possible . The crew are pursued by both mafia hit men and a local corrupt sheriff and his deputies , but that 's the least of their worries ... A bad movie this is , truly , but it 's saved from complete unwatchability by the performances of a number of the cast . Williams ' rapidfire comic timing makes every scene he 's in good , and Gary Farmer , in a small cameo , is as great as Gary Farmer is in everything . You should throw believability out the door once they get on the road -LRB- disappointing , as the first part of the movie showed real promise as an action thriller -RRB- , but it 's got enough going for it to make it worth watching once . You 'll never want to do it again , but once . **
 Yikes ... what can I say.I am a fan for any thing resembling Zombies.That is why the premise of this movie sounded good ... But YIKES ... after a good beginning this thing went downhill fast !! Choppy film work really detracted from the film.Perhaps it was intended to add some sort of tension or uneasiness , but instead it was simply annoying.Editing !!!! Where was the editing for this movie.Even though they are supposedly stranded far from any help or civilazation , there are two scenes where you can see cars passing by in the nearby background.For you bloopers seekers , the worst example of this is when the mystery phone booth rings . Watch the scene where they are all standing together staring at the phonebooth ; you will see a white car in the very near distance drive by the screen behind them from left to right . A good hand tossed rock would hit the car!Not something that will be added to the collection , that is for sure .
 I love ministry of sound , and I have the first two in the Pump it up series . I really enjoy the beach body workout best . The problem I have with this workout is that the safety instructions that should be given durng the routine are given seperately in an `` introduction '' part on the menu . I was in a hurry to get started and clicked the `` Play all ' option . the first burn it up routine was a really good workout with no problems . it then goes to the `` dance '' routine . I strongly suggest skipping this routine . I did it , and there was parts of flinging their heads around . now my neck is all sore . I later watched the introduction that says do n't do the head rolls unles your trained or you could injure your neck . this info would have been better given at the time . Also the dance routine is nearly impossible to follow and My heart rate went way down as i could n't keep up and follow the complicated moves . That being said the first 20 minute routine was really good for intermediate advanced exercisers . my heart rate was through the roof . I will reserve this dvd to just use that portion when I 'm doing one of my `` short '' days . ti would have been better if the entire thing could have been the workout -LRB- the whole 40 minutes -RRB- and not had the dance section at all . I usually like to workout at least 40 minutes . The 20 minute part was good , but it sort of ruins it for me that its only 20 and the second half is worthless as a workout routine for me . Just be careful and watch the `` introduction/tips ' portion first as you wont find safety advice during the routine ...
 This film just did not work for me . It deals with a young woman 's attempts to find out the history of her small Bavarian town during the Third Reich . If this were Germany 's first cinematic attempt at Vergangenheitsbewaeltigung -LRB- coming to terms with the past -RRB- , I would be more enthusiastic . But other German films , approximately contemporary with this one , handle the subject of the Nazi years much better
 It 's been very hard to track down this movie , after it was released . Now that I 've reviewed it , it 's not that good ; meaning ... It does n't benefit from additional viewings . Perhaps if you 're new to it , you 'll like it.At no point in the movie does Lena Stolze look anything like the cover art . So when your DVD arrives , it 's should n't be too disappointing that it has a different cover ; the main element being a large red dot , and the young pig-tailed Lena in the lower right corner .
 The best aspect of this movie was that it is ill titled ; the result of an unfortunate misstranslation . The themes and ideas presented in the movie are thought provoking , however the cinimatography was difficult to watch , and harder to follow.The PG13 rating stems from a couple of crude jokes , and one totally unneeded and unexpected nude scene .
 I thought there was no real plot . The fact it was set in Germany did n't help much because i could not unedrstand the actors accents .
 The dvd does not play in all regions as the box suggests . At any rate , it does not play on my dvd player or my -LRB- new -RRB- laptop . Find a different distributor . -LRB- I highly recommend the film itself , which I have viewed before . -RRB-
 Three early shorts
 i got this as a gift from fellow fan club member , and it was a big disappointment . Not only is it amateurish , it gave me a headache while watching . just a waste of money .
 The Theatrical version is actually better than the director 's version . The story is told in a much better manner.Even the director 's version is missing some material . Like at the very end of the movie , the Theatrical version has a slightly longer ending because you 'll hear a narrator 's voice explaining the conclusion of the movie . In the director 's version , the narrator 's voice is cut from the ending.The Theatrical version has a few other pieces that are not shown in the director 's version.You 're better off with the Full-Screen Theatrical version .
 Pitch Black was great . It was edgy and had a tight narrative . Director 's cut or theatrical cut
 What a bad movie . Pitch Black was great but this mess does n't even come close . The only reason I 'm giving it two stars is because I did n't watch the entire movie . I fell asleep half way thru this bomb and did n't want to waste another 3 bucks renting this a 2nd day to finish it .
 I rarely watch a movie that is so atrocious as to startle me out of my usual good humor long enough to write a bad review , but this one succeeded , which is something of an accomplishment , if you think about it . Now , I am not a fan of Vin Diesel 's films at the best of times -LRB- excluding the HILARIOUS `` Pacifier '' -RRB- , but I always go into a movie with an open mind . In this case , a very open mind , since Karl Urban co-starred ! What a slap in the face ! From the seizure-inducing beginning to the boorishly predictable finale , there was not one enjoyable moment , aside from the times that the dialogue veered on the side of unintentional farce . -LRB- `` Take them before the quasi-dead . '' I was so reminded of `` The Gods Must be Crazy '' that I fell off the couch laughing . -RRB- Judi Dench was completely thrown away on this travesty of film-making . Karl Urban , the Norse god from the `` Lord of the Rings '' trilogy , and the irresistably HOT bad-boy from the `` Bourne Supremacy '' seemed to be somnambulating , and what is worse , his disdain for his own character is highly visible at some points . If you must play an annoying half-dead man , at least have the artistic integrity to play him well ! Not even Mr. Urban 's breathtakingly good looks could survive the double onslaught of mohawk and ponytail . * insert hair-raising emoticon here * Now , as regards Vin Diesel . I have nothing against him . I even found `` XXX '' reasonably entertaining , and was proportionatly upset when he was replaced in the sequel . The problem is , he always plays exactly the same character , with minor variations in the name . In this movie , he just did n't quite play the character as well -LRB- ha -RRB- as usual.I love action movies . I am a sci-fi junkie . Well , maybe not `` junkie , '' but something close . Sit me down in front of a TV playing `` Stargate , '' and I 'll love you forever . Just do n't ever make me suffer through this film again !
 this movie would 've been better if they had a better actor , fairly decent story line and of course special effects . This is worth seeing once .
 This was an absolute waste of film and time . Vin Deisel is one of the most talentless hacks in modern film making , the man has an ego the size of a semi and demands more money than he is worth . And not to mention this is one of the worse films I 've ever had the displeasure to see . Once it was over I wished that I had that hour and a half that I wasted back . The movie attemtped to take Dune and bring it to a 21st century hip audience and in doing so totally ruined any element of a respectable plot or storyline . Pitch Black was a pretty decent movie , not the best film but certainly not the piece of trash this film is . The plot is almost non existant and the pieces of it that you do pick up on are few and far between , hands down one of the most scatter brained storylines I 've ever seen . Vin Diesel 's acting is its usual minimal macho bad guy stereotype and the supporting cast isnt able to save this sinking ship at all . Anyways , I think I 've made my point . Dont go see this film unless your a sci-fi addict and dont care about plot nor acting just mindless eye candy .
 First , let me say I REALLY liked Pitch Black . Great movie . This sequel , on the other hand , was horrid . The graphics were pretty decent , and there was a lot of action ... however , the plot , if you could call it that was weak . Necromongers ? Underverse ? You have got to be kidding me . I put this in the category of sequels that should never have been made , alongside Speed 2 , and Mad Max : beyond the thunderdome . All three of these were movies I enjoyed , followed by sequels that were a real letdown .
 There are very few directors like James Cameron who can actually give you a better version of a motion picture by showing you their personal vision in a director 's cut . David Twohy is no James Cameron , and I found the theatrical version to be tighter , faster paced and missing a lot of the new Riddick-u-lous additions that Twohy found necessary to add . In my opinion , this is one film where the studios got it right . Stick to the theatrical version . It 's far better .
 You know , when you hear they 're making a sequel to a movie like Pitch Black -LRB- which I loved -RRB- , your first reaction is , `` Cool ! '' and then you think , `` I hope they do n't screw it up . '' Well , they screwed it up . `` Pitch Black '' had a simple plot , believable characters , and an element of tension that never let up . This movie had cool costumes , nice scenery , a simple plot made needlessly confusing in an effort to be `` important , '' one-dimensional , stereotypical characters and really , really bad names for things . And Vin Diesel , of course.Once again , he 's our anti-hero Riddick , pursued by bounty hunters then enlisted to take on the evil invading `` Necromongers . '' The Necromongers capture him , realize he 's dangerous and , naturally , have to take him into the heart of their flagship to have a closer look . Yeah , that 's what I 'd do with a dangerous enemy if I were a one-dimensional comic book villain . Not.They have to bring him into their ship to be examined by some kind of giant beetle-like creatures whose purpose is never explained and which you barely get a clear look at -LRB- because when you can see them clearly , they probably look a lot like big fake rubbery giant beetles -RRB- . The bugs declare Riddick dangerous indeed and , since they can communicate in that annoying hissy echo-whisper voice the movies use to indicate that evil creatures are speaking telepathically , they insist that he must be destroyed!But , before that edict can be carried out , Riddick somehow escapes and gets whisked away by the bounty hunters again . This time , they take him to the prison world `` Crematoria '' for the sole purpose of having him get sweaty during some `` Pitch Black '' style cross-country racing against time . -LRB- This was the best part of the movie , by the way . Too bad about the other 9 hours worth of misery . -RRB- Only this time , the enemy is the sun . Seems the planet 's surface heats up to 700 degrees in the daylight , immolating anyone who does n't happen to be standing in the shade or just inside the mouth of a cave . Apparently , convection does n't work on this planet.Finally , Riddick has to get back for his eventual showdown with the bad guys . I wo n't tell you how that turns out because you 'll need a reason to stay awake once the interesting bits on `` Crematoria '' are over with . That and the fascinating action sequences where the camera wobbles around and everything gets blurry so you have to really pay attention to tell what 's going on . Man I loved those.I could complain more -LRB- about the campy-vampy ambitious chick , for example , or Judy Dench 's weird character who seemed to be there only to add the illusion of class to the film -RRB- , but I 've already wasted enough time on this movie . I 'm going to watch `` Pitch Black '' again to remind myself how much I really liked it , and try to forget I ever saw this mess .
 I quite enjoyed Pitch Black , which was a decent enough sci-fi thriller with well built atmosphere and tension . This semi-sequel though fails on almost every count.Think of a very camp Flash Gordon crossed with Dune and add just a twist of Star Wars and you 'll have a pretty good idea of how derivative The Chronicles of Riddick is . In fact it seems little more than a platform for Vin Diesel to strut his stuff . And strut he does ! Holding those poses like he 's carrying two rolls of invisible carpet under his arms.The story is pretty irrelevant , but involves goodies -LRB- Diesel and a motley crew of hangers on -RRB- and baddies -LRB- boo-hiss fascists with a fetish for wearing pretty-boy armour -RRB- . Battle scenes are reasonably convincing , but gratuitous over-use of strobe lighting -LRB- especially in the extended opening combat sequence -RRB- is very irritating.I 've seen worse sci-fi movies than this , but not many . The old formulaic cowboys and injuns in space can never do the genre justice as , I believe sci-fi should contain more mystery and wonder than this.Oh and Judy Dench as a rather silly , wispy `` elemental '' looks downright embarrassed throughout .
 For all its generous budget , extravagant sets , explosive fireworks , almost non-stop action , and the presence of Vin Diesel , `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' never works . SFX can make or break a sci-fi film , but that reality often makes filmmakers think they can ignore story and characterization . They ca n't , and `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' shows why . Devoid of any heart or soul , this movie never pulls you in or connects with you in any way , so that none of the visual pyrotechnics ever mean anything . The plot is threadbare -LRB- though the Necromongers are interesting villains , especially the Lord Marshall -RRB- and the direction takes some bad turns so that even the scenes that look like they should work fall flat . Vin Diesel is by no means a bad actor , but his character is so blatantly self-absorbed , immoral , and -- even worse -- artificial that he never generates much viewer empathy one way or the other . Moreover , Riddick is one of those `` invincible '' characters who can evidently do whatever he wants when he wants , so there 's not much suspense . The climax is fairly well-done and exciting , but it takes too long to get there and ultimately not much is resolved . Certainly there will be a sequel , and in fact this is a sequel -LRB- of sorts -RRB- to the low-budget and lesser-known sci-fi thriller `` Pitch Black '' in which Diesel 's Riddick was introduced . At least that film had the sense to build its story around characterization and suspense , and while `` Pitch Black 's '' Riddick was a formidable killer , he was never the ultra-cool superman of TCOR . If the filmmakers make the next entry in this series more like that , maybe it 'll be worth seeing . Regrettably , `` Chronicles '' is n't .
 I enjoyed the theater release of this movie . I HATE THE DIRECTOR 'S CUT ! < spoiler > In the director 's cut Riddick has visions of his home world and some angel like character gives him super natural powers . In the big fight as they are escaping the prison Riddick is basically defeated , then a miracle happens and some magic energy shockwave comes out of Riddick 's body and knocks down all the baddies . LAME !!! The theatrical release had none of this BS ! < / spoilers > Worse , Amazon has this MIS-LABELed . It does not say director 's cut above . The only place that says that is in very small print in the image .
 Chronicles Of Riddick picks up 5 years after the events of Pitch Black . Riddick -LRB- Vin Diesel -RRB- had taken Imam -LRB- Keith David -RRB- and Jack -LRB- Alexa Davalos , a different actress than the first film -RRB- to the planet of Helion Prime , or more specifically the city of New Mecca . After depositing them there , Riddick decides it is best for everyone if he goes into a self imposed exile so that no one will bother the other survivors of the Pitch Black incident.What fun would that be for a whole film though ? Riddick can only stay in hiding for so long . The universe is being threatened by an army of conquerors called the Necromongers , a religious cult that view death as extension of life into another universe . With Helios Prime seemingly next on the list of targeted planets , it is Imam who suggests that they find Riddick and hope that he can come up with a way to stop the army.Did the plot synopsis seem muddled ? Trust me , that is a somewhat streamlined version of the actual plot . Pitch Black had a sense of taking two genres , sci-fi and horror , and turning them on their ear by mixing them into the same film in a whole new way . Chronicles seems to have taken the lesson that if you can mix two seemingly different stories and combine them successfully , than certainly more is better.There are so many different ideas running through this movie that it boggles the mind . The subplot with the Air Elemental never went anywhere , and all of her contributions to the plot could have easily been handled by other characters . You also had the seemingly very deep back story of the Necromongers being mentioned while also trying to learn about Riddick 's people , the Furions . I love it when a film gives us backstory , but when you have so many backstories happening all at once , you end up shortchanging them and the audience.It has been said this was envisioned as the first film in a proposed trilogy . I feel some of these ideas would have panned out over the space of three films , but when you are n't guaranteed the opportunity to do those next two films , this was a lot of needless background to saddle us with . It distracted us to much from the portions of this film that were important to making just this one film a good film . This film truly was it 's own worst enemy in that it was overly ambitious in it 's storytelling.Then there are numerous little annoyances of many , many plot holes , but by far the two biggest nitpicky problems had to be the names of everything and Riddick 's goggles . Necromongers ? Furia ? Underverse ? Puh-lease . And Riddick 's goggles ... why they did n't get star billing will be a mystery for years . Never have I seen a prop so overused in my life . Their on . Their off . Their on . Their pushed up . For crying out loud they got multiple close ups when he was standing under the waterfall!The biggest gripe of the entire film though has to be ... is this the same Riddick as was in the first film ? You see some hints of it , but overall this seems like a much , much softer version of the character . He has to many connections , to many feelings of obligation . Things that the Riddick of the first film would n't have cared about . While all characters should of course grow , this seemed like a very radical detour.As for the DVD , it also suffers in a lot of ways . On my player I could n't chapter skip the previews and had to fast forward through them instead . While not a huge annoyance , it would become very tiresome with multiple viewings . The DVD takes any and every chance to advertise the animated prequel DVD and the video game that was released . You are told in numerous places how these two items each contain more answers to some of the things that went on in the movie . As with most DVDs you get deleted scenes , a couple of featurettes and multiple commentariesI realize this review comes off a little haphazardly , but when reviewing this disjointed of a movie , it 's difficult not to get off track yourself ! 2 out of 5 stars for the film3 out of 5 for the DVD and it 's extras
 I learned long ago that life could be very dreary indeed if I did n't cut summer blockbuster movies some slack . Summer is the season of mindless entertainment , so judge the films accordingly . Sure , it 's nice to see a summer movie with some depth , but it 's also not realistic to expect Shakespeare in the park.So far , this summer , I 've generally bucked the critics . I had fun with `` Van Helsing '' and enjoyed `` The Day After Tomorrow '' . I mostly agreed with them on `` Shrek 2 '' . But now comes `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' . I was never that much of a fan of `` Pitch Black '' , but `` XXX '' did OK in the mindless entertainment department , so I had some hopes for this.I was wrong!First the good news ... I was so proud of myself for being one of only a handful of folks in the theater that actually could follow what passed for a plot . The bad news was that even understanding it did n't help.While the CGI FX are up to current standards , the story is a mess . The writers -LRB- I assume it had writers -RRB- took the `` let 's throw everything against the wall and see what sticks '' approach to storytelling . Worse yet , from my perspective , it attempted to integrate religion with SF . This is a tricky thing to pull off and very few shows do it successfully . -LRB- For an example of a show that did a good job of it , buy at least the first four seasons of `` Babylon 5 '' on DVD . -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- Worst of all , it committed the same flaw that undoubtedly contributed to bad word of mouth for `` Van Helsing '' - it had a real downer at the end . Given the way movies are made these days , I have to assume that at least two alternate endings were actually shot for test audiences . If the makers of `` Riddick '' were clever , even if they favored the current ending , they would have learned a quick lesson from reviews and exit polls of the `` Van Helsing '' audiences . Had they done so , they would have done some quick surgery to provide a more upbeat ending.All in all , very disappointing . I rated it a 2 for some good visuals and interesting FX . Otherwise , it would be no higher than a 1 . OTOH , they could have skimmed off 10 % of the FX budget and put it into a better story and writing and gotten much , much higher .
 !! SPOILER !! They took a good premise a good movie and ruined it all in the last five minuites . Vin might as well forget about a third Riddick cause the character has lost his edge and now leads an army of idiots . Yeah sure I had no problem with the death of the Holy Man but why would you kill Jack -LRB- Kyra -RRB- . Throughout the movie it seemed like the could have taken the Riddick character to another level but it seemed throughout the movie that Vin was fighting the character trying to make him something he should n't be.However I kind of liked that whole thing it served the story well but not the character of Riddick . I loved the relationship between Riddick and Kyra throughout the movie it is the one thing that I can say was done well . The problem I do have is they killed Kyra -LRB- Jack -RRB- in such a way that it was overshadowed by Riddick 's assention to lord of the Necro 's . In the end they took Riddick the ultimate Anti-Hero one of the great movie characters and made him a useless Tragic Hero almost Greek Tragedy type of hero . Point being if you liked Pitch Black at all do n't and I repeat do n't watch this movie . Well I guess I 'll just watch Batman if I want to see a Tragic Hero who ultimatly is useless .
 I am giving this two stars instead of one beacuse Judi Dench is in this . She can belch with dignity and class , which is what she practically did in this movie.Thandie Newton is a beautful woman but she should never be allowed to open her mouth to speak when the writers are so inept . The movie is full of contrived cleverness and weak attemts at wit . It is cliche and my teenagers were laughing at it , mocking scenes . `` Oh , here 's the sexy prisoner ! She ca n't fight , but she can sure talk tuff and hide blades on her body ! `` As much as I hated the movie , the director 's note and additional information made it interesting in how they shot it and how they created affects . Still , save your money and buy HellBoy , instead .
 Vin Diesel returns as the character Riddick introduced in the earlier sci-fi film `` Pitch Black '' . The film is grand in terms of concept and special effects , but its script and direction is less than stellar.Unfortunately , Riddick 's character is one-dimensional
 Sigh . Another stand-alone hero movie where the guy sounds like he has a bad cold , with one-dimensional villains , loads of FX ... need I say more ? Highly visual story telling , and if you can appreciate good cimeophotography -LRB- excuse my spelling -RRB- then this film should impress you . If you prefer a human connection to the character , however , as well as a story that 's believable , with memorable scenes and likable supporting characters , stay clear .
 This movie had a LOT of useless BORING scenes that were too long . I did n't see the Theatrical version so I do n't know if that would have made a difference in what I thought of the film . I do n't think I would have liked it much better anyway . There was some cool moves from Riddick and a few nice action scenes , and I do mean a few . The story just seemed scattered . The way they -LRB- the bad guys -RRB- talked made me so disinterested in the story that I found myself fast fowarding through most of the beginning -LRB- which is mostly talking -RRB- and other parts that had losts of talking . But do n't think Im one of those guys that ca n't sit still during a movie that has more then just explosions and girls - I definitely have a better attention span than that . This movie was filled with Too much Useless chatter ... with little payoff -LRB- action , effects , kung fu , SOMETHING -RRB- . IF YOUR GOING TO SEE THIS MOVIE THOUGH , GET THE THEATRICAL VERSION . BTW Pitch Black was an awesome movie .
 This movie provides some sparse exciting scenes . There is n't too much dialogue , but I guess there really is n't much to chat about . Vin -LRB- Riddick -RRB- knocks off cheesy one liners and is pretty much be all and end all hero . Go figure.Nothing will or should surprise you in this film . It is as straight forward as a film can get . Vin should 've died multiple times in this flick , but with plot holes and unrealistic actions , the man walks away with maybe a kitten 's scratch.I paid $ 3.20 for the rental and I feel a little cheated . For an action film with not much script , it is amazing how it can drag along . Anyway , if you do n't mind paint by the numbers movies , then by all means , Chronicles of Riddick should suit your fancy .
 I saw Pitch Black in the theaters when it came out , and was blown away by the character development and story , I thought it was the best sci-fi movie since Alien . Intelligent and engaging , two words that can never describe this mess.This movie is so painful to watch in light of the superior Pitch Black . A clunky storyline , with some of the most embarrassing lines ever to stain a movie . The FX is very good most of the time , but good FX does not make for a good movie.The `` plot '' has been rehashed over and over so I will spare you . Riddick was a very interesting character before this movie . In this movie , he is turned into a shallow superhero with a bad attitude . Yeah , I know he changed at the end of Pitch Black because of `` the captain '' , but this is not the same character at all.If you are in the mood for a mindless action flick , this will probably serve you well . If you want a well written , interesting movie , look elsewhere .
 The Chronicles of Riddick -LRB- David Twohy , 2004 -RRB- You ca n't go into a film with a name like The Chronicles of Riddick and not know it 's going to be cheesy as all get-out . If you take it in that light , it 's not a bad movie at all . If you go in expecting Pitch Black , however , you 're in for quite a disappointment.All the things Twohy did wrong about Pitch Black are still here -LRB- especially the confusing rapid-fire camera-angle cutting combined with lack of storyline ; the same technique used to confuse and annoy the viewer during Pitch Black 's crash-landing makes an appearance at the beginning of this film , as well . In Twohy 's defense , he does a much better job of it about two-thirds of the way through this film -RRB- , but a lot of what was right about the first film is missing . Some of that has to do with the scope of the picture ; it 's much easier to build complex characters when your whole cast is seven people . Riddick has a cast of thousands , and it shows ; very few characters here are more than cardboard , including some of the main characters . Judi Dench is utterly wasted here -LRB- more for lack of screen time than anything inherent in her character -RRB- , and Karl Urban , as the necromonger -LRB- I mean , come on , the movie has a race called necromongers . Cheese city ! -RRB- sent to kill Riddick , could have had a wonderful part . Instead , he 's played as two-dimensionally as possible . Etc.Still , if you 're looking for a turn-your-brain-off action flick , you could do worse . And did you ever think you 'd see Vin Diesel with hair , much less dreadlocks ? **
 Vin Diesel is confirming his status as the Steven Segal of the 21st century . This movie is a hot mess !! Vin is supposed to be an hunted anti-hero in this sequel to the hit `` Pitch Black '' . He 's a former prisoner caught between warring forces in an all-galaxy mega-battle led by the powerful Necromongers . Vin learns about his mysterious origins -LRB- he 's the last of his breed -RRB- and faces off against the leader of the Necromongers with the future of all beings hanging in the balance . Whatever !! Anyway , this movie feels like its 5 hours long . Its an overheated and over-rated spectacle . Go see it if you must , but you have been warned .
 Pitch Black was no masterpiece but atleast it had some mystery and maintained some moments of unpredictability . here in this suposed sequel we have an over blown big budget sequel that doesnt resemble the original in anyway.this sequel takes place some years after the events of the first movie . this time around Riddick is on the run from some mercenaries who want to capture him alive . Riddick in search of refugee finds help from one of the survivors of the first movie Abu `` Imam '' al-Walid -LRB- Keith David -RRB- it seems the refugee is futile , this is due to the unexpected attack by some outlanders known as Necromongers ; their task is to conquer , conquer like the romans . . funny thing is they are dressed in a similiar fashion.anyways the movie does have some good points , such as descent visual effects , nicely choreographed fight scenes . but the rest is stupidity beyond imagination . the acting is stale , the lines are that of someone with no experience . the ending is abrupt and tedious . Its beyond me how both Thandie Newton and Judi Dench acepted to work in this garbage . as i said the effects are cool , so is the designing of the whole movie ... but thats it ; the remaining of the film is just crap and more crap . the editing is also very cheap . . which is wierd for a big budget movie like this one . just watch it if you are a fan of the first , dont exprect a masterpiece , expect a dumb sci-fi movie.MY PERSONAL RATING
 Lame , tedious , uninspired . Generic plot , hokey final confrontation and woodener-than-a-hockey-stick `` acting '' from the Vinster . No fun .
 Did n't see the movie because of a bad disc . If you send a good disc I 'll be glad to view it and give a review .
 It 's not interesting in my opinion . The action and acting are over the top . The plot is like that of a bad science fiction . Pitch Black is more entertaining .
 This movie was a bit boring ... or maybe its sci-fi isnt just my type of movie .
 Maybe it 's because i did n't see Pitch Black ... but this movie made absolutely no sense to me . There is no real conversation ever just a bunch of one-liners from Riddick . Lots of people -LRB- guys I think -RRB- like this movie ... but if you care about plot , story , characters , I do not recommend this .
 I bought The Chronicles of Riddick on DVD for my brother for Christmas , but due to a mix-up he already had it , and I never achieved a chance to return it upon my return from Canada . So , I finally pulled it out and watched it yesterday evening . Here are my thoughts.Dame Judi
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Pitch Black is an awesome movie so i was hoping this would be good . I am man enough to admit that i 've seen many a vin diesel film , and although he is n't exactly charlton heston , he `` throws beat downs '' like nobodys business . He did so , oh so well in pitch black . But this ... boy oh boy , what the fu * k happened . thats what i wan na know . I was hoping it would be good cause pitch black has that scifi cult quality to it and people actually like it . this is just a lump of garbage i would rather not see again . It pains me to say it but i think i 'd rather watch a marathon of martha stewart 's living . It hurts me to rag on this film , but i could n't bring myself to enjoy it . Vin is his usual ass whooping self but everyone else sucked . the acting was how shall i say ... subpar ? Not to mention the plot ... or the lack thereof . I do n't understand why they did n't just leave it how it was with pitch black , and maybe a sequel ? not a prequel . if you want a good vin diesel film , watch pitch black , or boiler room . THAT my friends , is a quality movie , and one of three films ben affleck is in that are good . those movies being dogma , boiler room , and good will hunting ... and jay and silent bob strike back if you count that .
 Vin Diesel 's follow-up to the successfull `` Pitch Black '' is an enormous let-down . A confusing story , a dreadful script and a ridiculous lack of action combined to bore me , which is too bad because this film could have been so much better with a little more directorial effort . After Diesel 's action-packed `` XXX '' I really expected a high intensity shoot-em-up , blow-em-up sci-fi extravaganza , and yes some of the special effects are quite impressive , but the film as a whole just falls flat .
 The Chronicles of Riddick ruins the momentum Pitch Black carried . In CoR , solid character development went out the window . You can tell the director 's focus went from good story and character development in Pitch Black , to cool special effects . Do n't get me wrong , Chronicles of Riddick LOOKED cool , but as a story , it was cheesy and forgettable . Furyans ? Necromongers ? C'mon . The movie went waaaaaay overboard with it 's universe . I like sci-fi movies with broad universes , but not to the point where they 're just throwing in random species and places . And since when can Riddick fight off a whole army and walk away without a scratch ? I know it 's a movie , but some realism would be nice . That 's what made Pitch Black such a classic . I would love to see Pitch Black with Chronicle of Riddick 's effects . If you 're new to the franchise , I suggest you see Pitch Black and avoid this movie . It was n't the worst movie I 've ever seen , but it definitely put a cloud over the Riddick franchise .
 I did not like the storyline in this movie as well as `` Pitch Black '' . Although , I have to say the special effects and visuals in this movie are awesome ! I watched it the one time , and that is all I care to watch it ; unlike Pitch Black , which I have watched several times ! I liked a couple of the characters in the movie , but overall , the story just was ` nt as good as I would have liked .
 I Saw this movie in the theater and loved it , the surprises and revelations about the characters came at the right times to catch those swept up in story the off guard . This unrated directors cut reveals too much to soon , and reveals the obvious too late . If you have n't figured out who caused the massacre on Furrian by the time this version `` reveals '' it then you 've been napping . The scenes showing the decimated planet Furrian and the accompying explanations by the `` ghost '' were n't only irrevelant but annoying and detracting from the original story . I 'll be returning this movie and buying the original theatrical release . Hopefully I 'll be able to forget the dreadful added 15 minutes .
 I liked the movie ... when I saw it in the theater . I was incredibly disappointed with the Unrated Edition . I might have liked it better if I had n't seen the original.The unrated Edition changes the movie too much . Some of the new footage makes some things make more sense , but it also changes the story too much in my mind . Some new footage makes the scenes too long and extremely dull . It 's like listening to someone talk a lot and say nothing.They may have added footage , but they have taken a lot out as well . They have taken out some of the great one-liners . They have rearraged some of the dialogue . Once again changing the movie too much.If you really enjoyed the theatrical version , do n't get the unrated version . If you have n't seen the original , this one might be enjoyable for you .
 To the prospective buyer
 You should be able to tell from the premise this was a bad film . What do you get when you make a sequel to a bad science fiction film that no one saw ? A bad sequel.The plot
 Another pathetic excuse for a movie . How is Vin Diesel still getting movie deals ? He should go back to doing whatever he did before he starred in movies ... at least that way his horrid acting did n't corrode the young minds of americans .
 This movie had decent special FX , but bored the hell out of me ! Theonly good movie Vinny was ever inwas , Saving Ryans Privates . DoesVinny have down syndrome ? It surelooks like it !
 THE CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK -LRB- Universal -RRB- is the follow up to the superior `` Pitch Black . '' While watching this seemingly endless mess , I realized `` Riddick '' must be short for `` ridiculous . '' Vin Diesel 's back as the interplanetary anti-hero . Dame Judy Dench was somehow talked into taking part as well . Huge scenes with lots of action and inventive CGI effects are meaningless when the plot -LRB- and I use the word loosely -RRB- is undecipherable , the characters unbelievable and the set-ups are often not paid off.A waste of good pixels .
 I 'm not quite sure just what I missed in this film that other reviewers seemed to see . What I saw was a film that looked really good
 In this top-heavy and bloated sequel to `` Pitch Black , '' Vin Deisel plays a top-heavy and bloated antihero whose job it is to defeat an army of half-dead warriors bent on taking over the universe.At 135 minutes , `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' is an interminable m&eacute;lange of derivative mythology , mind-numbing dialogue and uniformly wooden acting , made bearable only by the breathtaking design and look of the film . Diesel sleepwalks through the part of Riddick , barely managing to sputter out even the few paltry lines of dialogue the screenwriter has seen fit to assign to him . About the only point of interest in the otherwise dull and tedious enterprise is why the classy Judi Dench chose this particular neighborhood to go slumming in .
 Can talented people make bad movies?Yes , they can and here they prove it.Can good action stars make lousy science fiction movies?I wish it was not so , but Vin , oh Vin , how COULD you?Can great sets , fantastic special effects and marvelous actors create a dead-dog of a movie?Unfortunatelly , here they can and they do.After the first 10 minutes of this thing I was ready to go to sleep . It did not get much better afterwards . I guess making good movies is not that easy.Perhaps the main problem here is the fact that special effects do not constitute a motion picture . They are an addition , sometimes a welcome one , but not the purpose of the movie.How I wish Vin Diesel would come back to Earth and do something action-packed in this world !
 Oops , should be one star . Why ca n't we change that?First of all , the movie itself was tedious . Watching Diesel in those goggles is painful . Hearing him deliver those lines ... more painful . Not that anyone in this movie fares much better ; there is a lot of grimacing and gritting of teeth - probably a physical reaction from having to deliver those lines - while the numerous sci-fi cliches play out -LRB- the prison being the most tired of all -RRB- . But in the core of the movie , there 's a surprise!Let 's see ... the guards of Helion Prime look like Christian Knights ... there 's that Muslim Imam from Pitch Black ... Judi Dench talks about fire and water , air and earth , perhaps representing paganism or Greek philosophy ... or , as she says , calculation , which would be cold logic ... Oddly enough , this movie seems to be an allegory - Darwinism 's -LRB- or liberalism 's -RRB- long war against religion and reason - convert to our way or die . No other faiths are allowed , as in Richard Dawkins ' wildest fantasies . -LRB- Dawkins has intimated that doubters of evolutionism are evil or wicked . As Behe has pointed out , it 's not a big step from saying people are wicked to doing something about that wickedness . -RRB- The Darwinist 's weapons are technological , perhaps representing their faith in science and progress . Their reasoning is soupy and , along with their faith , is quasi-religious , demanding the surrender of individual reason and choice . Conversion is not of the mind of heart , but by coercion . Join or die ; like join or your career dies , like that of Virginia Steen-McIntyre , whose radiometric dates for ancient tools were a couple of hundred thousand years too old and was banned from her field of science , or the hapless graduate students who dared to write papers pointing out Darwinism 's flaws.Thus the Lord Marshall 's `` Take it on faith , '' the Darwinist mantra.The Necromongers ' fascination with death mirrors the neo-liberal culture of death , and Darwinism 's faith in the creative power of death . The communication device using some sort of human being brings to mind Darwinism 's and Marxism 's machinistic view of human life - we are just tools to spread our genes , we are just instruments of the State.As the Lord Marshall has seen the Underverse and returned , so has Darwinism died a thousand deaths , stabbed to death by evidence -LRB- `` Forbidden Archeology '' by Cremo , OOPARTS , etc. -RRB- and reason -LRB- `` Darwin 's Black Box '' by Behe -RRB- , only to be resurrected by unreason.Who would 've thought ?
 Im just going to get to the point here.Chronicles of Riddick is an awful movie . Why you ask ? Because of the bad acting , cliche ' story and action . Ridiculous one-liners and acting . Basicly , bad everything . Bottem line is this , CoR is a realy bad movie . Avoid seeing , I mean suffering through it at all costs .
 First off , i 'm a big sci-fi fan . I love movies/shows like Starship Trooper , Star Wars , Highlander , Buck Rogers etc. . Ever since I saw the trailer to this movie , I couldnt wait till its release date ... 2 hours into the movie , I was wishing an anvil fell out of the sky and killed me . While Vin made Pitch Black a passable movie -LRB- cause the character is so damn kewl -RRB- , Riddick was n't enough to carry this movie . The idea was great of an expanded universe and different worlds -LRB- ala Star Wars -RRB- , but it seemed the director just didnt know what he was doing half way through the movie . After 45 minutes into the movie , you start to ask yourself `` where is this movie going '' , it just seems to lag and drag on . It had no real direction and the story was poorly told . As I said before , the movie had promise , but it was poorly executed in every aspect , plot , character developement , everything . In all honesty , this is a movie you wait to come on HBO , Sci-fi Channel , Spike TV , TNT , or TBS ... not even worth renting because that leads to spending money and this movie really is just a waste of money . I gave it 2 stars because it does have a few good scenes , but thats about it .
 The disc would not show when I tried viewing it so I am very unsatisfied with purchase !!!!!!! I am submitting a bad review !!!!
 This movie was everything Pitch black was n't . it was neither a thriller , suspensfull , action filled , or exciting . Riddick was the only link this movie had to Pitch Black otherwise the Cronicles of Riddick fell into a confusing unfocused tangent.Pitch black had a simple concept of man eating aliens threatening the survival of the remaining people on the planet and Riddick becoming the unexpected reluctant hero . The story worked and the film kept you captivated.The Cronicles presented none of these qualities . Instead it gave us a complicated story of some unbelievable soul stealing pirates that conquer civilizations yet the movie never goes in depth into showing us where they came from or how they originated . We never really gained an understanding as to where Riddick came from either . All we are told is that Riddick came from a certain place that caused a threat to the leader of the conquering hoard as a result of a prophecy . How corny is that ? . This movie would have been ok had it not been linked to Pitch black however , since it was , it will be percieved as a flop since it did n't approach the high bar Pitch Black set .
 I would say that the only thing less interesting than the movie itself were the special features included in the disk.Ok , there were definitely some cool action scenes . However , there was little to no character development . The story and subplots seemed to have been ripped off from a bunch of other stories -LRB- including the prophecy and the killing of the sons -- read mythology much ? -RRB- . The motivations of the characters seemed somewhat random and irrelevant.This dvd was given to me as a gift . I would have never purchased it myself -LRB- had I seen the movie -RRB- . I think this movie is worth watching once , and that 's about it . No point to owning it .
 If you 're looking for a truly entertaining and well developed sci-fi movie , watch Pitch Black , the first movie in this series . The first film explores an alien world with lethal creatures and pits survivers of a crashed space ship against them and one another . Great characters , visuals , and story . Chronicles does n't hit even close to the high marks of the first film.Chronicles can most easily be summed up as a brainless sci-fi action adventure popcorn flick . Even the impressive visuals can not save this film with its sub-par acting , bad dialogue and terrible story . It 's just too over the top and ridiculous , and if you do n't feel that way by the time Riddick & crew are running from the scorching sunlight on Crematoria , then there is just no use debating films with you.This movie might have had a chance if they had just left out the whole Crematoria story arc completely and just focused on New Mecca instead . But even then it would probably have been average at best . All in all , very disappointing .
 Senseless , simple minded sci-fi/action movie , almost a sequel to ` B ' movie ` Pitch Black ' also starring Mr. Diesel , living the same characther -LRB- Riddick , a space outlaw -RRB- . Mr. Diesel is the new muscle man on the spot nowday -LRB- some people say that he 's the heir of Sylvester Stallone -RRB- . This movie has all the time a frantic but far fetched timing , with lights exploding everywhere and you will think that this is not a movie but just a nonsense teenager party . This is the main problem with ` Chronicles of Riddick '
 What happens when you mate Dune with the Mad Max films ? You get Chronicles of Riddick . Riddick picks up five years of Pitch Black with Riddick being hunted by mercenaries . They fail but he finds out where his bounty comes from and so he goes there and ends up on Planet Egypt . There he meets Imam , still played by Keith David of Gargoyles fame . Then there 's some quasi-mystical stuff with elementals who seem to be Mentats from Dune with some magical powers thrown in . Riddick finds out that the Necromongers , another quasi-mystical bunch are out to convert or destroy everyone in the universe . Their leader the Lord Marshal and apparently a worshipper of Transformers ' Quintessons can only be killed by a Furian and conveniently Riddick is the last Furian . Then Riddick decides that he 's got ta go rescue Jack from Pitch Black so he goes over to the prison planet and finds her played now by the delicious Alexa Davalos . As for what happens after that , I ca n't say for fear of spoiling Amazon 's review guidelines.The Good
 What a awful movie this is ! David Twohy is a talented writer and director - `` The Arrival '' was a good film and `` Pitch Black '' was a great science fiction film . His last movie `` Below '' did not fare well at the box office but is well worth seeing . But clearly he had no story in mind when he agreed to take on the project . The plot is confusing and seems made up as it goes along , the action scenes hard to follow , and the cgi effects were awful . Everything looks unreal and fake . Vin Diesel and Judy Densch are quite good , but they have nothing to work with . In general , I think the film was meant to be a grand space opera , but it fails on almost every level.Someday the major studios will figure out that a big budget and lots of special effects are secondary to a good plot and characters and dialogue . David Twohy 's earlier `` Pitch Black '' is a perfect example of an excellent small science fiction movie done on a limited budget . But unless you like loud , messy , confusing and frankly stupid films , avoid this clunker at all cost . Honestly , I 'm beginning to think the last hope for discerning science fiction fans is Joss Whedon 's `` Serenity , '' due out next year .
 RIDDICK OK ... . PITCH BLACK ... WHAT HAPPENED THIS MOVIE IS LIKE WELL ... CRAPPPPPPPPP!I MEAN VINNIE COME ON JUST LET THE GUY FIGHT IN MOVIES DONT LET HIM TALK.IF U HAD A APE WITH A MENTAL PROBLEM AND GAVE HIM SILVER EYES U HAVE RIDDICK . PITCH BLACK WAS GOOD IT WAS A SIMPLE MOVIE AND A SIMPLE STORY THATS RARE THESE DAYS.RIDDICKTRYS TO BE STAR WARS AND STAR TREK AND A MOVIE TO LOL.OK KIDDIESPROS VINNIE GETS HIS , , , KICKEDTHATS ITCONSTHE VILLIANS ARE ABOUT AS SCARY AS MY 3 YEAR OLDMONEY IS A WONDERFUL THING KEEP ITTHE DIRECTOR MUST HAVE BEEN ON A BAD TRIP MAKING THIS MOVIEIT SHOULD HAVEBEEN CALLED RIDDSTARWARSSTARTREKBULL , , , , IF U WANT TO BUY THIS MOVIE YOUR BETTER OFF COMING OVER MY HOUSE -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Well at least that line is right.I 'm not making this up , three-headed phallic ships that crash tip first into the ground , then spurt out a blue-white ball of power . Tell me this screen writer does n't have some issues.Pitch Black was a good-enough hard science fiction story that did a watchable job of shoehorning a group of people into a pretty crappy situation , and then getting a few of them back out . This sequel abandons the hard sci-fi premise of the first outing for an undescribed , inconsistent , unwatchable goon-fest of `` Battlefield Earth '' proportions . Lots of angry simpering and posing and preening by the bad guys . No real explanation of why anything works the way it does , yet it 's still very predictable . Its apparently some kind of death cult demanding total obedience , but if you change your mind , well that 's OK too.There 's alot of `` subtlety '' in how things are named . There are these guys called Necro-mongers -LRB- they 're the bad guys -RRB- Judy Densch who just kind of floats around -LRB- she 's an elemental -RRB- and then there 's Riddick . He 's a `` Furyan '' . Guess why . Yeah ! 'cause he 's furious . Get it!If you 're 14 years old and like bright flashing things -LRB- and apparently there are a lot of you -RRB- , then this is your movie .
 How many science fiction and fantasy cliches can you put in a movie ? Just watch Riddick and start counting . I seriously think this should have been a parody of sci-fi and fantasy because this movie is THAT BAD . Pitch Black was great but for this `` sequel '' they basically rewrote the Riddick character to fit into this jumbled mess of a movie . The acting was laughable . The story was ridiculous and it stole from movies like Star Wars , Star Trek , LOTR , Escape from New York , forget about it . I do n't want to continue listing because I think you should get the point . Do n't waste any $ $ $ or time on tis steaming pile of crap . You might as well call Vin Diesel 's career dead or on the same level as Seagal and Van Damme . Straight to cable and DVD .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Back then riddickwas cool mysterious . Now he just -LRB- ... -RRB- . Its the kind of movie youwatch to see what will happen next but you ca n't wait for it to end cause its so boring.This movie is plagued with cheesy story line terrible fight scenes you could fall a sleep to . The acting isnt that good either .
 I just wanted an excuse to write a review tite that my grandpa would come up with.Seriously this movie is horrible . It 's nothing but a half baked rip off of 10 movies crammed into a cookie cutter in the shape of Vin diesel 's head . Nothing is entertaining cool or unique . It was made by some movie maker dude that said '' hey we have n't had a science fiction fantasy romp in a spell '' . Vin diesel dressed as a fire hydrant on a stage dancing to the Super Bowl Shuffle would have more entertainment value than this movie . I liked pitch black for what it was . This is a bloated fantasy garbage-cake . I do give it credit for one thing ... . They took the first movie and went in a totally different direction . That was brave and could have been interesting .
 Schwarzenegger wanna-be Vin Diesel reprises his role as Richard Riddick ; the character whom he played in Pitch Black which actually was n't too bad . The Chronicles of Riddick however , find Diesel and writer/director David Twohy in the center of a glorified B-movie with A plus special effects , and the character development of Diesel 's Riddick , which really attempted to go somewhere in Pitch Black , gets thrown out the window here . Riddick finds himself with a massive bounty on his head , and he is also thrown into a full scale war with a fascist master race bent on , what else , domination of the universe . Colm Feore provides an antagonistical villain , while Lord of the Rings ' Karl Urban is given a meaty role , and Thandie Newton and Judi Dench are wasted in their roles . The CGI effects are spectacular , but Diesel proves to be the biggest special effect of them all ; flexing his way towards a forseeable conclusion that leaves the door open for another `` Chronicle '' . This is the franchise that Diesel chose over his profitable XXX film , and even though I do n't expect much from anything with Vin Diesel as the main attraction , I did expect something more from David Twohy . If you want mindless action and CGI , check this out , but if you wa n't a movie with brains you should avoid this .
 Scifi junkies are sure to love THE CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK . PITCH BLACK , in my humblest opinion , was a much better movie . It had tremendous atmosphere , breathtaking suspense ... you never knew what was going to happen next . Buoyed by the unexpected success of PITCH BLACK , we get Vin Diesel back in a special effects laden mishmash of scifi plotting , wooden characters and repetitious battles . We even get Oscar winner Judi Dench as Aereon , some kind of `` elemental '' guru who pops in and out to offer her whimsical comments on what Riddick is all about.Hats off to a superb special effects crew who create fantastically realized other worlds , state of the art spaceships and also to the editors who managed to keep things brisk and flawless . Alas , special effects do not a movie make . This unrated director 's cut is too long , and only a tru scifi afficionado could watch it with total interest . I prefer PITCH BLACK and due to the disappointing box office , I would n't expect a sequel -- and if there was one , Riddick would be a bad guy !!!
 This should be sold as a one tape program that encompasses all aspects of breastfeeding instead of the entire series . Each tape is very short and much of the information is repeated from tape to tape . Save your money and call a lactation consultant or if you need reference material then I would suggest a book .
 If i could relive my last 6 months i would never had bought this the tape , it just reapeats itself over and over again and half of it is extremly obvious . it should have all been rolled into one , final statement ... rubbish
 I was very disappointed with the video especially after I had read all the 5 and 4 star reviews . I felt this DVD was not very well put together and the instructor jump around a ton in this movie . It seemed more for students of his who have been taught under him for quite sometime . I would not recommend buying this DVD !
 The plot of this film is simple enough . A man who is a Catholic sees a woman whom he decides to pursue . She is young attractive and blond . Nowdays he comes across as something of a stalker.Some time later he meets and old friend and they go to vist a woman called Maude . Maude is a single mother and she and the Catholic end up alone . She talks him into staying the night but the couple do not have sex.Thus the hero heads off to marry the blond . The end of the film is a chance meeting with Maude and the realisation that the blond had by chance been Maude 's husbands mistress.In 1969 this would have been seen as a pretty sexy film . It relies on the tension of whether the hero and Maude will have sex or whether the vision of the blond will keep him from straying . The irony of course being that the blond was not that virtous herself . The film maker it would seem also is of the view that Maude is a more interesting or attractive women than the blond as she can talk.The problem with the film is that it is very much a static film which is filled with huge amounts of dialogue . The sexual tension between the characters is something which would have kept audiences interested in the late 60 's . Now with the change that has occured in sexual morals you just hear the dialogue . The reality that the conversation is very very dull.The other problem is that all of the characters are drop kicks . The male is a person whom the audience is meant to identify with . Yet he does not say one thing that is amusing , interesting or even notworthy . He is a person who is attracted to women on a superficial basis , falling in love without speaking to the object of his love . Maude is okay but she goes on and on and on . She also appears to be attracted to the lead drop kick which is not easy to understand.This might have rated as an interesting movie in its time but its now dull dull dull .
 I made the effort of actually order the dvd-movie from amazon to do everything correctly according to the law . I was very disappointed when the dvd was delivered and it had another region code than in the region I live in -LRB- and ordered from -RRB- . I took for granted amazon took care of this problem . The movie is good -LRB- if I could see it -RRB- but the handeling from amazon in this case is poor , in relation to my expectations . They expected me to know that there are region codes and that they are different in US and Europe . I would have wanted to know this , since the product is absolutely useless for me .
 Although I admit to being sick of Meg Ryan and her `` acting , '' I thought I might be swayed by Russell Crowe 's performance . Nope . I did n't think either actor acted very well and the story line was terrible . I felt very unsatisfied leaving the movie theater .
 A confession -- I only managed to watch the first 40 minutes of this movie , and I fast-forwarded a bit through the latter part of what I did watch . It 's very unusual for me not to finish a movie -- I even sat through `` Planet of the Apes '' -- but I just could n't get into this one.The main problem was a script long on exposition and short on character development . We `` meet '' the husband and wife character via an extended fight wherein they complain about the last 8 years of their lives . Booor-ing . David Morse 's character is supposed to be devoted to the good of the -LRB- generic -RRB- natives of the -LRB- fictional -RRB- Latin American country where the story takes place . But he comes across as humorless and arrogant . It was hard to see what Meg Ryan 's character saw in him . I certainly did n't mind that he got kidnapped -LRB- by generic venal terrorists -RRB- , and was n't remotely worried about him . Meg Ryan 's character was a cipher -- an aimless former hippy chick , defined only by her supposed devotion to her uninteresting husband . Russell Crowe 's K&R expert at least had a past worth mentioning -- but we learn very little about him!All - in-all , a disappointing experience .
 `` Proof of Life '' has most of the ingredients for a psychological thriller/hot action film but it fails miserably in several areas . Crowe as Terry Thorne plays the part of a Kidnap/Ransom negotiator perfectly but Meg Ryan as Alice Bowman was a poor choice as the female lead ; she is not believable in her role . The film is extremely long due to the constant cut aways to her kidnapped husband , Peter . These cutaways give the impression that his kidnappers took him on a trek to Tibet and they add at least 15-18 minutes of running time , bringing the total up to 135 minutes ! The sub plot of Terry Thorne falling for Alice during the time he is trying desperately to save her husband 's life is so subtle it is almost non existent . Thorne gives one brief indication of his inner -LRB- romantic -RRB- conflict to Alice in the last 20 minutes of the film . Before this , he has been living in her house for months negotiating the return of her husband . He has been in intimate contact with her every day and yet none of his feelings for her are revealed until that one ten second scene near the end of the film ! Not very believable ! The husband , Peter Bowman , is played as an unlikable **** from the start of the film so it is very hard to develop empathy for him in his plight . I was actually starting to hope that he WOULD get bumped off by the kidnappers . The ending of the film is disappointing and lacks any feeling of satisfying conclusion to the story but does leave a very obvious clue that there may be sequels ! Overall , it 's worth a look , if you can get it cheaply enough !
 Set in a small Latin American country where guerilla activity and drug smuggling is rampant , David Morse , husband of Meg Ryan , employee of Houston-based oil company , is kidnapped and held for ransom . Rescuers are Russell Crowe and his posse which includes David Caruso . Morse is decent guy but his character is overlooked in the rush to emphasize the machismo of Crowe , Caruso , et al , and their daring rescue deeds . Ryan is all nervous gestures , fiddling with cigarettes instead of acting -LRB- I think she 's turning into a latter-day Diane Keaton -RRB- , she has brief but hysterical outbursts every so often , and for two people who so famously had an affair , there are no virtually no sparks between Ryan and Crowe . Save your money .
 Did n't like her hair . Did n't like the faux-hippie/earthy duds . God knows I did n't pop this flick in for her acting -LRB- which , like prior outings , is laughably poor -RRB- . Then again , it had brooding uberactor Russell Crowe to recommend it . He does n't have much to work with here
 It it wer n't for Russell Crowe , this would have been a complete failure . The plot takes place in a fictional country in Latin America . The main conflict of the movie is that Meg Ryan 's husband gets kidnapped by gorillas . Throughout the movie he is abused , denied of a shave or a shower , and is put to rotten work . Russell Crowe is the man in charge of working out a deal with the gorillas to free Ryan 's husband . At the same time there is a sexual tension brewing between Meg Ryan and Russell Crowe . In my opinion , it is pretty pathetic that Meg Ryan would show interest in another man while her husband is in captivity by hostile gorillas . The whole movie is really bad , Meg Ryan is a just terrible , the only good part is the action seen at the end , but it does n't quite save the movie .
 It it wer n't for Russell Crowe , this would have been a complete failure . The plot takes place in a fictional country in Latin America . The main conflict of the movie is that Meg Ryan 's husband gets kidnapped by gorillas . Throughout the movie he is abused , denied of a shave or a shower , and is put to rotten work . Russell Crowe is the man in charge of working out a deal with the gorillas to free Ryan 's husband . At the same time there is a sexual tension brewing between Meg Ryan and Russell Crowe . In my opinion , it is pretty pathetic that Meg Ryan would show interest in another man while her husband is in captivity by hostile gorillas . The whole movie is really bad , Meg Ryan is a just terrible , the only good part is the action seen at the end , but it does n't quite save the movie .
 Taylor Hackford 's film on the tension between a kidnap-rescue mercenary -LRB- Russel Crowe -RRB- and the distrought wife -LRB- Meg Ryan -RRB- of a business man abducted in a fictional Latin American country . A rather boring film devoid of action or even drama as the characters do n't seem to be too enthusiastic about either eachother or the cuckold husband on ransom.The film focuses on Alice Bowman -LRB- Meg Ryan -RRB- whose husband Peter -LRB- David Morse -RRB- is kidnapped by guerillas in Latin America . A mercenary named Terry Thorne -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- is called in to do an extraction but he falls in love with Alice . The film goes back and forth between the rebel camp and the ransom payers to add tension and suspense to the film . Crowe finally heeds to his sense of duty and goes off to rescue his rival lover and voila ! The film is over!The simple result of these machinations in this film is that it 's boring . Whatever action Crowe and Ryan enjoyed off-screen , the two simply have no chemistry on-screen which makes their characters rather hard to believe . Furthermore , this is a simple kidnap-ransom film without any mystery and Tony Gilroy 's screenplay is just too long for this kind of story making it boring
 I do n't know what people see in Russel Crowe . `` Gladiator '' might have made him popular , but he wo n't become another Bruce Willis or Harrison Ford ... to my opinion . This `` Proof of Live '' has proved how boring Crowe can be , portraying a boring character in one of the most boring movie ever . I had to walk out in the middle of it , realizing the story is going to drag until the end.Meg Ryan is one of my favorite stars , but I think it 's a waste for her to be in this movie , which died out of the box office in no time . I 'm also disapointed that she 'd find this guy attractive .
 But if you must know . It 's the usual pathetic acting job by Meg Ryan that really brings down this movie . Little wonder most of her movies in the past 8 years have sucked . I ca n't believe she 's cast in serious roles . Never works . Do n't waste your time with this one , unless you 're a Russell Crowe fan - then it 's all right .
 I saw this movie about four times on a transatlantic flight yesterday -LRB- well I really watched it only once ... -RRB- and I found it somewhat entertaining but not really exciting . Maybe that 's a good thing . The drama side was refreshingly life-like -LRB- too bad it does n't cater for today 's scandal-hungry soap opera audience -RRB- . On the other hand , the action side was a disappointment . Sure there was thrilling suspense and bullets and fire and blood , but the outcome was not very realistic . It was almost as bad as `` The Saint . '' It was nice entertainment though -- I wish they could rig every war and other sports event the same way .
 I recall that a critic called `` Proof Of Life '' a modern day `` Casablanca . '' I really hope that critic has had his publishing rights taken away for a good long time . To compare this poorly made movie to one of the greatest of all time is an insult.After having seen this snoozefest , I truly believe that the whole `` triangle love thing '' around the set was created just to generate buzz for this movie that even the studio knew was completely lame . What happened with this movie is that someone signed Meg Ryan and Russell Crowe to the deal and said `` this movie will make itself , '' but found out that movies need a story and character developement to make them successful . So , what the viewing audience got was a thrown together sloppy romance movie advertised as an action thriller . I ca n't recall the last time I wanted something massive to blow up at the end of a movie and take out the main characters . Not even an Adam Sandler movie makes me want the main characters to be finished off by terrorists . That 's really bad.The worst part of the film
 The product we recieved was only viewable in `` region 2 '' which apparantly is not the United States . Therefore we were totally ripped off in our purchace of this item . Nothing stated a region viewable scenario , information as to how I could recieve a viewable edition of this video in exchange for the product we recieved would be helpful .
 The story is barely interesting and I never really got why the main character was important enough to hire an expensive `` negotiator/commando '' . Did n't buy the whole resistance movement come drug runners thing either . But the main problem was the awful dialog and acting , especially from Meg Ryan and Pamela Reed . I never believed Meg Ryan 's character or her connection to her husband . Why would these seemingly totally different people ever get together ? Then out of the blue , Russel Crowe 's character falls in love with Meg ? No idea how . She was such an annoying , unattractive whiner . She 's holding a cigarette in her hands for the whole movie and you can tell she probably never smoked in her entire life . Maybe the director thought this is supposed to be sexy or something -LRB- NOT -RRB- but there was no helping Meg Ryan in this movie believe me . Then the negotiating itself ... it consists basically of back and forth `` that 's too low , i have to talk to my people '' vs. `` look , we ca n't afford that . '' . That is highly skilled negotiating there .
 this product is damaged and wont work it will stop all together thats the only problem with this item i bought
 This movie had decent ratings on imdb . I wanted to see an action flick with a mix of thriller . This movie was ok and that exciting . All this have going for it is Russell Crowe .
 ... because I had to watch it twice to get the `` proof '' that is was n't just a nightmare . Look , those of you who liked the movie , please do n't get angry . I know how mad I get when someone lets the air out of a movie I love . But , this movie needs some opposition . I was content to keep my mouth shut ... I pinched my lips together when otherwise I would have been up on a soap box petitioning this trash . Ouch , what a flick.BUT ! A big but . I love nearly every actor in this movie . They have all managed to find their way 's into my top favorite movies . -LRB- Ex . Green Mile , Beautiful Mind , City of Angels -RRB- Unfortunately though , this movie rubbed me the wrong way . Saying this movie is great is like saying opie does n't have freckles . -LRB- Pardon , Mr. H -RRB- Meg Ryan plays a woman who is insecure about her marriage . Why this ? Her husband -LRB- David Morse -LRB- Hearts in Atlantis -RRB- - a.k.a. awesome actor in everything he does -RRB- is a captured dam builder . The Latino army sees his dam operation as a nuisance . Russell Crowe -LRB- a.k.a. cool as peanut butter in everything he does -RRB- hop 's on the scene to woo the unfortunate . That 's about it . Some decent action is the only thing that makes this worth your time . The romance is not only shabby , it does n't happen . There is only some minor friction . True Lies * would be a good substitute for this.Not even for the die-hard 's . Your 's respectfully . s.a.o.s.
 This film is very uneven and plays on the public 's intelligence . The film was supposed to tell the story of Crowe falling into a deep affair with Ryan 's character after her husband -LRB- Morse -RRB- is kidnapped . But due to test audiences hating the chemistry and idea of an affair between the Crowe and Ryan characters it was edited out ! And the film seems half made , they had two options to redeem themselves ; focus the action on Morse and Crowe 's characters , as Crowe 's character tries to rescue him , which would have made a truly great conflict film or focus on the affair and turn the film into a story of moral inbalance between Ryan 's character wanting lust or the loyality she should feel for her husband and the abscence of a structured relationship . But instead we get odd dialogue and weird glares between Crowe and Ryan which feels only half complete . It leaves the concept of what happens in your mind should and deservedly so , should happen on screen . A good film it is not ! It 's a chop job on film and to the viewing audiences intelligence , forcely acted and badly scripted .
 Hostage drama involving an American scientist employed by an oil company who gets kidnapped by Commie thugs in a made-up South American country . Meg Ryan derails the whole enterprise . First of all , what up with that hair ? Is it Medusa , as reinterpreted by Paul Mitchell ? And the clothes -- if Hell has a factory outlet , then it would be filled with these ghastly Bennetton-inspired outfits . As for her acting , there is none . It 's a totally fraudulent performace from an overpaid actress whose first concern is looking good on camera . She 's not convincing for one second as a wife of a man who 's been kidnapped . Even when sniffling from the stress , the mascara is firmly spackled on . However -LRB- staying on the female end of things -RRB- , Pamela Reed is a fresh breeze as the sister-in-law , but , the filmmakers perhaps sensing that Reed is moving the rug out from under Ryan 's feet , she ends up banished from the proceedings , on the unrealistic pretext of co-ordinating a ransom-collecting effort . Another positive note is Crowe 's interpretation of the hostage negotiator as a modest , business-like man . Also , the too-long-delayed action sequences involving the rescue of the hostage in the last part of the film are a clinic on how to film action . Director Taylor Hackford firmly repudiates the currently trendy Hong Kong-cinema school
 THE STORY
 I ca n't believe other reviewers even consider this a movie . I did n't care about any of the characters and I actually hoped that her kidnapped husband would just die so that the film would end . How another reviewer considered Crowe 's `` acting '' worth an oscar I have no idea . He simply grew a beard and failed to bath for a few weeks . This is not acting . The worst was the contrived nemisis captor , who he OF COURSE shot at the end . Did n't see that one coming!Russel crowe looked bored . Meg ryan ... well all she really did was complain . Great , thanks for subjecting us to two hours of straight agony . THere is a reason this movie bombed at the box office ; no one wants to sit in the theater for two hours and watch uninspired , hackneyed -LSB- ... -RSB- Even Russel crowe and Meg ryan looked bored throughout the whole film . If you cared about this film , you need help .
 I was excited to see this film for two reasons one Russell Crowe 's Incredible acting ablity and to see if he and real life new flame Meg Ryan have as much chemistry in the film as they do in real life . Crowe 's acting is the only thing keeping this film alive , as for the chemistry between the leads fails misrably as does the whole film . The storyline goes as this Alice Bowman -LRB- Ryan -RRB- has her life turned upside down when her husbend Peter -LRB- Morse -RRB- is kidnapped by latin american terroirsts and is held for ransom . In comes Well Groomed Well Spoken Terry Thorn -LRB- Crowe -RRB- Hostage Negotioatior Extroidinare comes to Help Alice trying to negotiate a deal to save her husbend 's life . David Caruso 's performence as the hungrey for blood mercernary is a standout but it looks like David regrets making the big mistake of his carrer leaving TV 'S NYPD BLUE for a career in Hollywood . Meg Ryan 's Chracter was too unsympatheic considering her husbend has just been kidnapped , i mean show some human emotion after all she 's suspossed to be an actor . It looked like Ryan would rather be anywhere in the world with her new beau Russell Crowe then be in this film . David Morse Did a very good job in playing the prisoner of war and made this rather slow , prolonging film a little more watchable . Russell Crowe was n't much in full swing as he was in his past films like THE INSIDER & L.A CONFIDENTAL . His chracter was n't fully defined or explained it seemed like all the director Cared for was that Hollywood 's Hottest Couple Will be in the same move together it did n't work . The film wandered endlessly back and forth it did n't concentrate on story enough and that made it hard to follow .
 The script was weak , the acting , with the exception of Crowe and Morese was not that good and the whole thing with the `` relationship '' between Crowe and Ryan was blown way out of proportion . The scenery is beautiful but it is predictable .
 This `` movie '' is barely a movie at all . Movies have a plot , acting , and compelling characters , none of which you will find in this horrendous mess that Crowe and Ryan were either under contract to do or horribly desperate for money . There is no reason to care about any of the characters whatsoever , and I actually found myself hoping that the kidnapped husband would just get killed so the movie would end . Some characters showed up for no apparent reason and then left with a similar nonimportance . How other reviewers gave this more than a single star I will NEVER understand . Skip it .
 Whei I heard about proof of life , I set my expectations high because of russell crowe who was really good in the gladiator . However when I saw proof of life I was disappointed by the rather weak acting . Rusell Crowe has shown that he can act well like beautiful mind and gladiator but that is not the case in proof of life . The movie never quite takes off the ground
 Extremely bland , derivative , slow moving movie . The story is almost as thin as leading lady Meg Ryan . This movie is a waste of your time . It 's not terrible but there are dozens of similar movies that are much better . I must admit the actions scenes were really well done . In a lot of action movies the action scenes feature blunders like the ` good guys ' surrounding the ` bad guys ' and shooting them forgetting the fact that they would shoot each other .
 There should be a Surgeon General 's warning on this ironically titled disc that users will lose two hours of precious life and could even be bored to death as a side effect . Taylor Hackford directs Meg Ryan and Russel Crowe in a trite hostage rescue story that flirts heavily with the `` Casablanca '' plot and fails miserably . The only reason I watched the DVD was in the hopes that the infamous love scene between Crowe and Ryan would be included in the deleted material . But it is not . Hackford 's insipid commentary track is a moronic description of the action on screen . -LRB- Or maybe it 's meant for the hard-of-seeing ? -RRB- He modestly admits he omitted the `` best love scene ... ever shot '' at the request of Ryan . What was he thinking ? What about us , the voyeurs ?
 Proof of Life is a shapeless mess of a movie that ca n't make up its mind what it wants to be about . The action jumps back and forth so much it makes you feel like you are watching a tennis game . You could make a good movie about a woman whose husband has been kidnapped and the relationship between the woman and the negotiator who is trying to get her husband released . You could make a good movie about a man who has been kidnapped and the ordeal he experiences while being held for ransom by terrorists . Either one of these stories would be a good subject for a movie . Proof of Life tries to cover everything and it fails . There is no way one movie can do justice to both stories . I also had a huge problem with the relationship between Alice and Terry . The movie goes out of its way to convince us that Alice and Terry have romantic feelings for each other , but I never believed it . Russell Crowe and Meg Ryan have absolutely no chemistry together . Russell Crowe looks good and does the best he can with the role of Terry , but Meg Ryan is simply miscast as Alice , and I thought her performance was really bad .
 Meg Ryan 's `` I need some time to grieve '' line was the best example of bad acting I 've ever seen .
 sure . . lets kill dozens of poor peasants to rescue a rich American . What an offensive movie - and what 's with all the smoking in this movie ? is it sponsored by Marlboro or is it to show off the buffed arms of Meg Ryan - woo woo Meg - dont visually assault us with your physique next time - we 'll take your word for it that your working out since you and your husband broke up .
 Proof of Life : Meg Ryan portrays the dutiful wife to David Morse , an engineerassigned to build a dam in some South American province . Unfortunately thecompany he works for is being bought up by some multi-national oilconglomerate and people are being fired left and right . There is addedtension between the two because of something that keeps being brought upconcerning their time in Africa.After a particularly nasty fight , Morse 's character leaves early one morningand is stopped in a traffic jam . Suddenly gun shots are heard and menliterally start running down the side of the mountain . People are beingthrown out of their cars and herded hastily across a bridge . It seems thatthe local revolutionary group has just kidnapped themselves a bunch ofhostages . Upon investigation they discover who Morse 's parent company isand send him back up into the mountains as they feel they have a prime prizenow.Back home , the parent company 's insurance holder sends in their residentKidnap and Rescue negotiator , a stalwart ex-military type , played by RussellCrowe . Crowe begins negotiations with the revolutionaries only to have hiscard pulled when his company finds out that the parent company has droppedthe original company and nobody will be there to pay the bills . After aparticularly harsh exchange with Ryan , Crowe leaves the scene only to have achange of heart and return to work the gig on his own . Apparently the looksbetween them as he negotiated the release of her husband have perked someinterest.Crowe recruits some old friends of his and they finally track down therevolutionaries . The finale is a beautifully filmed rescue scene with somehigh powered action kicked in to boot.I have mixed feelings on this one . The action sequences are great.Unfortunately they are few and far between . Crowe did a pretty good job butMeg Ryan was horribly miscast . She is nowhere near as tough as hercharacter acted so some of the lines came across rather silly . The bestacting came from the husband , David Morse 's character . He conveyedbrilliantly the intense desire to be free so that he could return to theonly thing keeping him going , his love for his wife.Obviously there is a great deal of controversy associated with this film inthat it seems to have been behind the breakup of Ryan and Dennis Quaid.Ryan and Crowe have long since broken up and it could be they discoveredwhat the movie so aptly showed , no chemistry whatsoever . I do have to admitthat I was also a bit ticked at her somehow falling for Crowe 's character atthe same time they show her husband desperately struggling to stay alive forher.Still ... all in all ... it 's a decent enough rental
 For some writer 's block reason a skilled pickpocket does n't understand high school biology about reproduction and gets a girl pregnant and does n't understand how it was possible . Duh ! Anyway , tediously long script showing the pickpocket art of stealing cellphones to pay a debt to a not-so-nice fence while running from the cops . Stereotypes of coping with the girl 's pregnancy and dragging her into the fray only to have her turn his life around . Usual stereotypes of dumb cops , double crosses and redemption . Actors were cast for their respective roles by looks and the robotic acting showed why , Twilight obsessed vamps notwithstanding.A bit concerned with the consistent and continual portrayal throughout the movie that lying , stealing , avoiding responsibility , drinking , bad parenting all were shown in a positive light while the cops come out as conniving drinking dumbasses .
 I ordered the movie , It got here quickly , however the movie would not play in my dvd player or computer . I emailed the seller and they were great , although they didnt have another copy , they refunded me and were very easy to deal with . so the rating is for the dvd not working , but the seller was very understanding .
 am I the only one that found this movie boring and pointless ? the characters were n't even likable . no wonder it 's underrated . 3 things that make Disney so great are all missing here . 1 -RRB- Fun & likable characters . None here . Even the villian -LRB- though played brilliantly by Price -RRB- is mundane and lacks charisma . 2 -RRB- music . did n't care too much about the music in the film . no catchy tunes or sing-along songs . and last but not least 3 -RRB- good story . this was hokey and predictable and was not clever or witty at all . I almost fell asleep I was so bored . I could n't wait for the end . great mouse detective is not so great .
 All of the spooky characters of the original Sherlock Holmes , but none of the charm . Dont get this movie for little ones !!!!
 I was seriously disappointed in this movie . We picked it to watch with a group of kids from 4-11 years old and none of them liked it . It has some unnecessarily scary parts with scary faces popping up out of nowwhere . Having your father violently kidnapped should be scary enough without the evil face popping in to get a scream . If it had a good plot or art , I might have given it 2 stars , but it is lacking in every measure . The strip tease act in the sleazy bar -LRB- I 'm not joking . This scene is in the movie . -RRB- is completely in appropriate for children , the lyrics were dark and sleazy and no good for me , let alone my 5 year old daughter.Disney has a bunch of classics , this is NOT one of them.Mark
 Although I am a lover of all things Disney , this movie was just far too scary for children . When I was little , Ratigan and Fidget scared me to death . I watched the movie again not too long ago and found that they still frightened me -- even after more than a decade . I also found the movie horribly predictable . This is one Disney film that I will never purchase for my family .
 It is incomprehensible what Coppola has done to Apocalypse Now in this new edition . Being a two disc set , one would think that the 1979 version would be on one disc , and the 2001 version on the other . This is not the case . Coppola has SPLIT the film into two halves , `` Part One '' of the '79 and '01 versions being on the first disc , and `` Part Two '' on the other . This cutting of the film completely ruins the dramatic momentum of either version . It must be noted that this cutting of the film was not referred to in promotional materials ; one only discovers this after purchasing the reissue . So , save your money and buy the single disc edition of whichever version you prefer . Boycott this abortion of a reissue and force it out of print .
 This is my favourite movie of all time and I was really looking forward to the release of this box set . I was truly dissappointed that the two versions of the movie were split in half over two discs . This really spoils the enjoyment of watching the movies and I have never come across this on any other DVD . Also , the lack of the `` Hearts of Darkness '' documentary or ANY decent documentary about the film -LRB- s -RRB- in the package is a huge wasted opportunity . The deleted scenes should definitely have been cleaned up for the fans too . Most of the other extra features were largely uninteresting and criminally short or dated . I asume `` The Ultimate Dossier '' will be out at some future point but I 'm baffled why this was n't so much better .
 This movie ought to go down in history as a perfect example of a `` director 's cut '' that should have stayed on the cutting room floor . The original film is a masterpiece . This is a mess . I would recommend this movie ONLY to film students -- in order to learn how you can take the same footage and turn it into a masterpiece , or a mediocrityThe basic problem with `` Redux '' is that it just moves too far into `` surrealism . '' The original film was surreal , but , hey , to any G.I. in Vietnam , everyday reality was `` surreal . '' But this version of the same film adds a bunch of very , very surreal stuff that completely destroys any suspension of disbelief.It 's like Coppola lost a bet and had to `` ruin his movie '' to pay up . What a mess ! Reading some of the reviews here reminded me just how bad this is . The whole thing about the missing surf board ? Goofy . The Playboy models as prostitutes ? Silly and salacious . It takes the best part of the whole `` Playboy '' idea and destroys it -- the fact that there is no actual sex but plenty of commercial `` Sex . '' Well folks , now there is actual sex -- not healthy , maybe , but there it is in full color . Dumb.Then there is a visit with some French `` settlers '' who provide us with some completely inappropriate whining about losing some prime real estate in Southeast Asia . Cry me a river!I could go on and on about the flaws -- what a waste of fine film . The original `` Apocalypse Now '' is a five-star landmark in the history of film . This ought to be made into a permanent memorial of what NOT to do .
 I HATE war movies.Apocalypse Now , as it was originally released , was not a war movie ; it was a work of art , a nightmare captured on film . The first time I saw it , I walked out of the theater stunned and speechless , and I am still left in that same state every time I watch the DVD.Unfortunately , Apocalypse Now Redux has been Redu-ced to nothing more than a war movie , the nightmare subsiding and reality taking over . Once a masterpiece of film , every frame worthy of a spot in the Louvre , is now just another ... war movie . What a shame .
 This is , by far , the absolute worst director 's cut ever made . And yes , I 'm including Spielberg 's 1941 in my consideration . The original version of Apocalypse Now is probably my second favorite movie of all time . And as much as I hate to be one of those people who bagged on the Star Wars Special Editions , I 've got to be that guy . This was horrible.The reason why this is getting such great reviews is because people think that they finally understand the film with all the extra scenes added in . These extra scenes have made a wonderful film into a straight-forward summer action picture where things blow up real good . I do n't want to see Willard becoming friends with the guys on the boat . He 's supposed to be psyching himself up to meet Kurtz , not becoming a father figure to the grunts . I really do n't want to see Kilgore reduced to a whiny freak who just wants his board back . Kilgore was a menacing figure who was to be feared , not laughed at.Coppola has n't made a good movie since Apocalypse Now . With Redux , he seems to want to infect his earlier career so it looks more like the terrible movies he 's released more recently . That way , Godfather III wo n't seem so bad .
 Short and simple . You have to change dics in the middle of the movies . Each starts out on dics one and finish on dics two . There is new stuff , but they did leave out the destruction of Kirk 's camp . Poor show .
 There is only one reason to have released this version of the modern classic Apocalypse Now -- $ $ $ $ . The scenes brought back from the cutting room floor should have stayed there . The stolen surfboard scene breaks the somber , single minded intensity that is the Willard character . The French plantation scene drags and drags -LRB- though the funeral portion IS good -RRB- . The additional bunny encounter is pure drivel.If you have a copy of original , do n't waste your money on this one . If you do n't , do n't waste your money on this one - find the original.It 's too bad that all re-released `` Director 's Cut '' editions are n't required to contain a copy of the original as a part of the package .
 Sorry , but how can this be `` complete '' when it does not include `` Hearts of Darkness '' ??? Get a life . Coppola 's wife directed it , and he produced it -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- , so where are the rights problems ??? One thing that really annoys me about these 60s-70s directors , who went on about `` changing the world '' , when they were younger , but who are now more money-grabbing than the worst studio system . Hey , I 've bought two DVD versions of Apocalypse Now already , how many more do you want me to buy ??? Maybe I 'll just transfer my `` Hearts Of Darkness '' VHS to video , as I 'm not so well-of I can afford it all . Thanks , Coppola . ps , your wine stinks too .
 My ongoing fascination with the original Apocalypse Now was born many years ago and always held a very special place in my heart as a movie that so efficiently conveyed the inner darkness of man and the absurdity of how we often perceive what we ` think ' is moral in extrenuous situations . It even does all that -LRB- and it is a tall order to convey any of that coherently -RRB- in an unpretentious , digestable manner so that anyone , even a child , can grasp the important essence of what is there.However , when supplanting my laserdisc version with the DVD of Apacalypse Now Redeux , I was dissapointed . The added 50 minutes is not just unnecessary as some critics claim but severely detracts from the experience of the original . The original concisely conveys the insanity , lack of moral judgement and fear that can exist in war ; Redeux 's added scenes often just go further with the same themes but really try to ram them down your neck when they were perfectly understandable before . What made the original so easily comprehensible was often the lack of dialogue -LRB- the ol' A picture tells a thousand words maxim -RRB- because you could see right up there on the screen than it was crazy , fearful and a moral struggle . In Redeux you need to be shown again , and again and again and then told with extra dialogue too.My final beef is what I feel is the dramatic change of the genre and story . The original was not intellectual -LRB- although it was easy to spend hours discussing and dissecting it -RRB- , or political or even that strongly plot driven . It was emotional , which is why it was so powerful and could speak to any audience -LRB- like or hate as many did , it was comprehensible -RRB- . The added scenes impose a more rigid structure and therefore give it a more firm plot which in general is a good thing but somehow not here ; not with this movie . The original spoke directly to the heart whereas Redeux requires a translation by the brain first . Finally , Redeux has politics behind it . Kurtz 's cellside lecture that he gives to Willard is the single largest deviation from the themes of the original . What was originally apolitical -LRB- or at least hazily political -RRB- is now making a ` very ' explicit statement on US foreign policy . That might not make such a bad topic for a film but why did it have to use Apocalypse Now to do it ? The very fact that the orginal largely glossed over or bypassed politics enabled the viewer to just watch the movie and let the raw emotion of it wash over them . That is impossible now . I felt like I was watching an episode of a teen drama where you get to the end and are told what the moral of the story is which really insulted my intelligence.Saying all that , it is called `` Redeux '' not `` Director 's Cut '' implying that it is not the difinitive director 's cut but that both films are definitive and Redeux is merely an alternative telling of the story.My advice
 While the original film was 2.1:1 aspect ratio , Paramount has butchered this film by pan and scanning down to fit a 16:9 widescreen TV . Of course they do n't bother to tell you that on the package . So much for the director 's vision . Paramount , you should be ashamed .
 Yeah - it 's a bummer that they did n't include Hearts of Darkness , but putting Redux and the original together was irresistable -LRB- although I much prefer the original -RRB- . I was ENRAGED that some idiot decided to put half of each movie on 1 disc , instead of the original on one and Redux on the other.All I can say is - WTF !!! If you prefer to sit back to enjoy films in their entirety , do yourself a favor and do n't buy The Complete Dossier.It 's such a shame too , the packaging was insanely cool .
 In 1995 , I attended a pre-release screening `` In the Mouth of Madness '' , which was preceded by an audience Q&A with John Carpenter . He was asked for his comments on the then new trend of `` Director 's Cut '' video releases . His response was , `` It 's all about going to the video store , taking your wallet out of your pocket , and putting your money on the counter AGAIN '' . While this is not always true , in the case of Apocalypse Now Redux , his words are particularly apt . Had I never seen the original , I would have written this film off as self-indulgent , rambling , and unfocused . The expanded scenes added insight into some of the supporting characters , but none of that did anything to move the story forward . The Playboy bunny scene 's comic tone was distracting , and the Plantation scene was so out of place , it felt like it had been taken from an unrelated screenplay . I am a big fan of this film , but Redux is not a version that I would watch again - in my opinion , this film 's greatest contribution is as a learning tool for film students as a demonstration of what can go wrong in the editing room . If you do n't already own Apocalypse Now , go buy the original . If you do , I recommed renting this from your local video store - it is a curiosity , but it does n't stand out as a good film on its own .
 Alright , let me start off by saying that , although this dossier has a huge amount of lost footage , features , and pretty much everything but the kitchen seat , it is FAR from `` complete '' . There was an exclusive 3-Disc version sold at Target which has seemingly disappeared off the face of the earth . I find it ironic they call the more common two-disc dossier the essential version , when it does n't even have the trailers or the `` Compound Explosion '' scene , regardless of the fact that it has everything else . There 's also a work print version flying around , and Francis Ford Coppola even said it himself that the raw , raw footage went for over 5 hours long and added-up to over a million feet of film total.I got this for $ 9 , but I never thought WHY it was marked-down . I think I have a theory now . This packaging is so flimsy that it actually came-apart from a poor glue job . And that black part in the upper-left , as well as the back ? That 's not `` really '' a part of the set
 I am absolutely baffled at how one of the most incredible movies ever made can continue to get such bizarre treatment . I was around 16 when this movie came out . I saw it in the movie theater . I knew little of Coppola and I knew absolutely nothing about the making of this movie . The movie simply blew me away . To this day it remains the most powerful movie experience I ever had . There was simply nothing ever like it before , and there really has been nothing like it since.Imagine the dissapointment to see this movie whittled away over the years with the documentary going into all the behind the scenes stuff that went into the making of it , and then the horror of Apoc Redux.While all that stuff is interesting in and of itself , here it just serves to degrade the masterpiece that came out in 1979 . I think if there was ever an argument against showing `` behind the scenes '' and `` outtakes '' it is this movie . Way , WAY too many people go on and on about the making of the movie , and how Brando was fat , etc. . All that is besides the point . WHO CARES ? It was all part of the creative process - and sometimes the creative process is a mess . Sometimes a masterpiece is born out of a mess . Should you stand around and go on and on about its birth , or should you just let it stand on it 's own merit ? I 'll answer , in the case of AN , just watch the movie and forget about the rest of the stuff , because the rest of the stuff is just the blood , tissue , and screams that went into the birth . Get past that . Just watch the life - and in this case the `` life '' of this masterpiece is the movie that came out in 1979 . The version I saw ended with the boat going down the river and the words `` The Horror . The Horror . '' That 's it . Leave the canvas alone ! Stop touching it . Stop messing with it ! Stop prying into its birthing process ! Just watch the freakin movie!And to that end they should just come out with the 1979 version again and release it with some commentary . That 's it -LRB- It never ends with AN . People went on and on about the French plantation scene for years and how it was so great . Then Redux comes out the you see why the scene was left out
 The only thing more ridiculous than Apocalypse Now being on the list of AFI 's top 100 movies is that abortion of a film , Citizen Cane , being number one . You could sum up the whole movie in an eight-word phrase
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . As a Vietnam veteran , one tour enlisted , one tour as an officer , this film depicts the struggles , complications , and conduct of the Vietnam War about as well as most 40 's and 50 's films depicted Custer 's last stand . In other words , not even close . Directed by someone who had never been there , starred in by actors who had never been there , with results like they had never been there , BUT THEY ARE AGAINST WAR . DUH !!! We all know war is hell . Many have said that many times many long years ago . This slap in the face to all those who fought well and tried their best by a bunch of people unwilling to place their own hides in jeapordy for a philosophy so tenuous as FREEDOM , -LSB- is -RSB- really -LSB- bad -RSB- , no matter how good the special effects or expensive the number of extras .
 Apocalypse Now is utterly pretentious . Coppola is a good director but this is a bad film . Conrad 's Heart of Darkness is not much better with both endings being silly and tedious . The best thing about it is the cinematography and that has been bettered by films such as The Thin Red Line .
 While I have not purchased the said disc , I dont understand why put out Blu Ray Discs that dont have Blu-Ray Standards . Apparently the aspect has been played with and no DTS Master or Dolby True HD . Just a cash in , in addition it is a mix of two editions Re-Dux and the original .
 Although many films from the 1970s have aged well -- Coppola 's two `` Godfather '' pictures come to mind -- this movie is too much a product of its time to hold much appeal for contemporary viewers . Coppola attempts to retell Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' in the Vietnamese jungle . Instead of creating a surreal journey from civilization to savagery , however , Coppola creates a confusing , didactic muddle of disconnected scenes . Add to the mix several mannered performances , heavy-handed dialogue , and a soundtrack that underscores all of Coppola 's main ideas in broad , obvious strokes , and the result is an uninvolving movie about the corrosive effects of war . -LRB- The final 45 minutes are especially incoherent . -RRB- `` Full Metal Jacket '' does a far superior job of capturing the horror and moral ambivalence of the Viet Nam soldier 's experience .
 This film appeard to me that it was just written by a person that did not like Viet Nam and just wanted to make it look as bad as possible . As they travel down the river there is one chance after another to do that . Most of it I just found wierd . The acting and screenplay was absolutely superb but nonetheless I just did not connect with anyone in the film . Sorry to those die-hard that find this movie one of the greatest ever .
 What happens when you mix a good director with a good cast and a boring , half-baked plot ? You get `` Apocalypse Now . `` AN 's plot is too bizarre to have even a modicum of credibility and having seen this film a few times , I still do n't get the point of it . The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it 's a perfect fit for Marlon Brando mainly because the characters are dull and one-dimensional -- much like Brando himself ! Moreover , AN also suffers from bad directing and editing which makes it a rather difficult movie to follow.For all its potential , AN never lives up to its hype and I fail to see why it received so much acclaim . For a war movie , AN does n't have a lot of action so if you 're a war movie buff , chances are it wo n't hold your interest . If anything , AN is about as interesting as watching dust settle on your VCR . Avoid it with extreme prejudice .
 Kung Fu Joe , your mission , should you be boozed up enough to accept it , is to discredit all American servicemen who served in Vietnam by making it seem that the war was prosecuted in the field by the wild bunch of out-of-control cowboys and psychopaths the movie-indoctrinated American public readily imagines is an accurate representation of the average soldier in Vietnam . Why is this ? Because leftist filmmakers and writers whose basic anti-Americanism would not be nervy enough to produce a WWII picture wherein the men under arms behave in such a way as to make a khat-chewing , technical-operating juiced-up Somali look like a level-headed and competent soldier WOULD jump at the chance to vilify the American soldiers who fought competently and bravely in the Vietnam war . This film and others like it are a shameful extension of the vilification of soldiers that occurred at the time of the Vietnam war . Rather than being respectful tributes to the many men who tragically lost their lives in the war , such movies basically spit on the graves of American soldiers by creating and perpetuating the myth of the ubiquitous ugly GI that is supposed to typify the men of the Vietnam war .
 I purchased this to show my students in connection with our unit on Heart of Darkness . I chose this version because it was significantly cheaper than the original . Bad choice . The scenes that were added include gratuitous sex and violence . They add nothing to the story line . It is clear why they were not included in the original . Advice is to spend a few extra dollars and get the original .
 Owning this boxed set makes me feel like an idiot -- the Blu Ray with Hearts of Darkness goes for $ 20 . An A/V club featurette ? Really ? Save your money and buy the Blu Ray or any of the other single movie versions , there is nothing in here worth an extra cent .
 Judging by this , the original film was salvaged from even more dire material . The former was an insult to both sides who fought in the war . As if a US Colonel would put his men in danger like that . Piffle . As for Kurtz , the reality was more along the lines of Colonel Norman Schwarzkopf , who according to his autobiography was so appalled by the way a unit he was posted to was run , lined up his men and sacked the incompetent leader in front of them and spent the rest of the war trying to improve matters . He did n't go and sit in the jungle like Kurtz and mumble a lot of existential angst . ` Redux ' boasts a truly bizarre scene involving Bunnies . Obviously , the director was making a ` statement ' dear to his heart and absurdly irrelevent to the real conflict . Needless to say the film is about American pain with the indigenous population mostly featureless.A potentially interesting scene with some French colonials is rendered incomprehensible by rapid exposition and heavy accents . The gist of it was that the VC were something of an American Frankenstien monster . Despite the French patriarch 's flattering description of the VC as intelligent , the film undermines this with some zombified natives willing to lay down their weapons on the whim of an American , regardless of the political issues at stake , because the director wants to make another statement dear to his heart . The self righteous disgust of the American in question somewhat undermined by all that carpet bombing . ` Apocalypse Now ' has been voted into the top 100 best films ever made presumably by people to whom thinking is no doubt an optional extra .
 maybe i 'm just too stupid to understand it , but this movie is even more boring than About Schmidt is . i mean , it shows horrors of the war but not much more . not even worth reviewing . the only good thing is , i did n't buy the dvd i rented it .
 This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made . I would n't necessarily say in the bottom 10 but it 's close . The overall acting was so substandard and transparent . I had expected much more from Marlon Brando and Martin Sheen . Both acted like they had something to prove to the world , which they do n't . Both are great actors in their own respective ways but this movie did not do them justice .
 The original was great . Although when he finally got to Brando it was pretty anti-climatic to his macabre depressing trip.In the original , it was interested how Sheen pushed forward on his mission through increasing insanity and as a really dulled and disillusioned character who could react to the insanity with calculated determination and clear thought due mainly to already having a hopeless dark meaningless outlook in all of life . Sheen depicted someone already looking at life as hell and nothing really could n't become more disturbed with dealing with extreme unfamiliar lunacy than he felt all of life was already . Sheen 's character displayed a depressed outlook mixed with an iron-will to be able to achieve beyond what normal people could do . His disconnected emotional state let him stomach the bizaare and dangerous totally foreign situations he encountered on his hostile trek.The original portrayed that perfectly.In this version , Martin and his crew get to get laid by Playboy Playmates in the middle . The story is supposed to be unbelievable . But in a positive exaggerated way that makes it seems plausible in context . The mildly famous surfer was surreal to meet but now they are playing with Playmates breasts in a messed up helicopter ??? It made the movie corny.Later , when the original had the viewer feeling as Sheen had gone beyond the final limits of where any allies held any position at all . Beyond where no one else penetrated and he was a totally unwelcomed alien . Just a lone hostile target creeping through enemy territory.In this version , when its most desperate for ole Martin , he stumbles across some Frenchmen who give him a square meal and put him up for the night !!!!!?????!!?? They are depressed Frenchmen but the homecooked meal really takes from the mood Sheen 's situation . Sheen even gets another chance to get laid here . So much for the morbid isolation he endlessly pushes on through.The scenes should not have been there as in the original . They made the storyline inconsistent and broke the established mood of the film .
 I owned the previous versions and I am disappointed that the movies were split into 2 discs on this complete dossier set . The movies were not showed in the cinemas with intermissions when they were released.It does not make too much sense to arrange the movies this way . The only reason I saw it happening was to avoid 2 causal viewers sharing the cost of buying this already discount-priced set and each getting a version of the movie home . Of course , this is just my little conspiracy theory to vent my dissatisfaction with the new set.The sad part of this story is
 Apocalypse Now is a masterpiece of filmaking and no film like it will ever be made again . I went to the theatrical premiere in '79 with my parents when I was a precocious seven years old . I remember my dad bringing home the press kit with the tickets inside and he had to explain to me what the Viet Nam war was all about before we went . My parents were afraid that I would n't understand and would be traumatized by what I saw . I was completely blown away by this film even at that innocent age and it burned a lasting impression into me like napalm . I got it.Apparently Paramount did n't . The Complete Dossier is anything but . If you do n't already have the original -LRB- and far superior -RRB- 1979 theatrical film in your library that has been out-of-print and impossible to find since Redux has been on the market for the last 5 years , then by all means , buy it for that reason alone . For the aficionado , however , it 's a money grab . First of all , I can not understand why anyone would make such a boneheaded decision to put both versions of the film on the same dual-layer DVD-9 thus compromising bit rate quality and precious disc space requiring them to be interrupted onto two discs !?!?!? I have n't had to change a disc in the middle of a movie since the old Laserdisc days!This should easily have been a commemorative 6-disc box set : Disc 1
 The previews worked but the movie did not work in two differant DVD players and returned it in 2 days
 Apocalypse Now has been released so many times on dvd now , you would think that with the herald of this , you would get the ultimate . Well guess what ? You wo n't . The disastrous problem - yet again - with this edition is that for some godforsaken reason Coppola and DP , Storaro refuse to release the print in it 's FULL WIDESCREEN MAJESTY . For each edition to date , AN has suffered a horrific butchery to its aspect ratio . What you must understand is that AN was filmed in Technovision , shot with anamorphic lenses in the 2.35:1 format . That 's how it 's been exhibited in theaters , including the Redux theatrical run . But for dvd these two have stubbornly refused to let the audience drink in the full width of this masterpiece . It has been released only in about 1.95:1 to 2:1 on dvd and there IS ABSOLUTELY NO REASON FOR THIS . Having seen Redux on a theater screen I can attest to the superior composition employed by Vittorio Storaro . Case in point
 ` Apocalypse Now Redux ' had some new interesting scenes , but many other new scenes are completely unnecessary and a waste of time . This new version is also way too long . Just watch the original .
 The original Apocalypse Now gave Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness a modern context . Redux added gratuitous female nudity , expanding the potential audience to include less literately endowed minds .
 Whenever a `` director 's cut '' edition of a movie is released , regardless of the scope or level of success the movie enjoyed originally , the first question that should automatically come to mind is `` If the ` extra footage ' was so important , why was it slashed in the first place ? '' `` Apocalypse Now '' as it was originally released was an absolute masterpiece of a movie ... the character development was precisely where it needed to be ; Martin Sheen did a fine job of portraying a solo Special Forces operator assigned to locate and `` terminate with extreme prejudice '' a renegade Green Beret colonel whose `` methods ... have become ... unsound '' -LRB- yet spectacularly and embarrassingly successful -RRB- . In the original theatrical version Sheen is clearly damaged goods himself ; slowly losing his grip on reality as he waits in a Saigon hotel room for the release of a mission to return him to the only world in which he now feels comfortable ; the jungles of Vietnam . On the way he meets an assorted array of characters with whom he interracts but never sufficiently connects , an entirely appropriate relationship given the nature of his own character and the professional nature of that character 's mission.The `` Redux '' version of `` Apocalypse Now '' instead does everything possible to humanize Sheen 's character -LSB- ... -RSB- particularly with his bonding more closely to the crew of the patrol boat that escorts him to his destination . What should come off as expansion of a character instead results in an uneven `` ping-ponging '' effort that makes Sheen 's character appear almost schizophrenic as he riccochets from being `` one of the boys '' by stealing Robert Duvall 's surfboard and liaissoning with the Playboy bunnies further up the river to being the stone-cold killer we know him to be by nearly throttling a supply sergeant and shooting a wounded teenaged Vietnamese girl in lieu of diverting his mission to take her to an aid station.The exception , I feel , is the `` French Plantation '' scene . This actually gives a sense of history that the casual filmviewer unfamiliar with the history of Vietnam may find interesting . And it adds another surreal twist to a film already awash in surreality ; it could not inaccurately be described as Vietnam on acid , and seeing Sheen 's character taking opium as he beds a widowed French aristocrat only further adds to the aimless direction his life takes when not consumed by his mission.My recommendation for anyone who has n't seen either version is to watch -LRB- and stick with -RRB- the orginal 1979 version . Although the downgrading in price for the `` Redux '' version in comparison to the original cut does make it somewhat attractive as an impulse buy , the movie studio 's initial instinct to release the film cut as it was in 1979 proves to be , in my opinion , the correct one .
 Not a movie for a thinking person ... a movie for people easily impressed by shadows and lies . I 'm starting to think Martin Sheen ruins every movie he 's ever been in . The whole movie makes you wait for some huge revelation . In the end there is none , just an empty pathetic husk of truth .
 this film never made any sense to me -- simply because this director never lived through any of it and does not get the subject . critics who praise this mess are just as misguided as the guy who made this joke of a war flick.the reason Platoon works for me is because Stone knew what he was talking about ; he lived it , spent time in the jungle , was shot at , etc.what 's the use?get it if you like being conned.the most hated line in the history of the cinema -LRB- for me -RRB- is `` I LOVE THE SMELL OF NAPALM IN THE MORNING . `` I wished someone could have taped the actor 's mouth shut for saying something so insidious .
 This movie is one of the most common kind of Vietnam movies . It has nothing to do with anything real . It is a bazaar tale that could n't have happened and mis-represents the war in every way . It includes all the Vietnam war movie formula components
 Alot of people loved this movie but if you were there like I was -LRB- 68-69 -RRB- you 'd be saying `` What the Hell is this ? '' They should have called it `` The Manson Family of the Boonies '' Ridiculous !
 Coppola should have stayed away from the cutting room floor . This `` redux '' is an extremely poor attempt . I can only guess that Coppola needs the money . If I could sue him for littering upon my DVD , I would .
 Be careful here . According to Amazon 's Info these are ` All Regions ' discs . But none of them will play on my new ` Region B ' -LRB- Australia -RRB- player , and there is no region coding info at all on the packaging that I can find . It seems Amazon probably just assumed that it must therefore be All Regions .
 In this updated version of `` Heart of Darkness '' , set during the Vietnam War , U.S. Army Captain Willard -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- is sent on a mission up the river to Cambodia to assassinate a Col. Kurtz -LRB- Marlon Brando -RRB- , a Green Beret who has gone crazy and set himself up as a god among a group of natives . Along the way , Willard meets a variety of people whose actions lead him to the conclusion that it is not just Kurtz who has gone mad , but many other members of the American Army , too.When `` Apocalype Now '' was first released , back in 1979 , it clocked in at a , still pretty long , 153 minutes . With `` Apocalypse Now Redux '' , writer/director Francis Ford Coppola restored 49 minutes of previously unseen footage , bringing the film to a hefty 202 minutes , and I 'm not convinced that it was necessarily to the film 's advantage . `` Apocalypse Now '' is often hailed as a modern classic , and I thoroughly agree that some of the segments within it are brilliant , in particular , the `` Ride of the Valkyrie '' scene . The cinematography in this film is some of the best you will ever see and it 's no surprise that `` Apocalypse Now '' won the Best Cinematography Oscar . However , there is such a thing as too much of a good thing.Each of Captain Willard 's stops on his journey is meant to highlight the point that whole American Army has gone crazy , something which Kurtz serves as a metaphor for -LRB- that is , the fact that American imperialism has gone mad and needs to be stopped -RRB- , but Coppola makes this point within the first hour or so of the film . Many of Willard 's later stops are n't necessary and they end up diluting the impact of Coppola 's argument , rather than reinforcing it . The first hour of this film had me engrossed , but by the time Willard stopped at the French plantation -LRB- at about the 2 hour mark -RRB- , I found myself wishing that he would just get back on the boat and keep moving . It takes 140 minutes for Willard to reach Kurtz and by then , I just did n't care . The film had completely lost me . It is this fact that makes me question the wisdom of inserting the extra 49 minutes of footage into the film .
 I know that critics liked this movie about Viet Nam , but I have to disagree . This movie is nothing , I repeat nothing , like Viet Nam . I would not recommend this movie to anyone . If they wanted to know what Viet Nam was like , I would recommend Oliver Stone 's ` Platoon , ' because that was as close to my experience of Viet Nam that I have seen . Stay away from ` Apocalypse Now , ' it is so unrealistic it borders on fantasy , and is very disrespectful to the American soldier . If I could rate this lower , I would rate this `` ZERO . ''
 I love this movie but the quality of the DVD is very poor . towards the end the DVD stops and starts several times which is very annoying .
 I 'm sorry but I just do n't get it.This is a long movieThis is a boring movieI could never understand why people got so into this flick . I find it a great chore to sit through .
 This film is just boring beyond words . All it involves is a boat going up a river and stopping to blow stuff up . There is this guy called Killgore who Sheen -LRB- forget the characters name -RRB- meets along the way . Sheen needs the support of his air forces but Killgore balks because there is a VC village at the river 's mouth . But then , wait for it , he changes his mind when one of the boat crewmen tells him of the great surfing available there . Thats right , soldiers in this film go surfing ... And it looks fake as well , you never get the feeling there is a real war going on partly because the acting is rubbish by all involved except for Marlon Brando and Martin Sheen . And everyone looks like they are on drugs . The ending was one of the worst endings I have ever seen and I think it would have been ALOT better if General Kurtz was n't insane and was a much better adversary.The only thing `` horrifying '' is how boring it is .
 I purchased this film having been one of the few Americans to have never Apocolyse Now . I am very disappointed , it is extremely overrated and was over two hours of my life that I will never get back . Not that filling out reviews on Amazon is n't a waste of time either , but the film was way too long with an anti-climactic ending .
 It may be a classic to many people , but only sheer will and determination allowed me to sit through it . It was horrible . It was long , boring , and pointless . The director intended this film to showcase the different facets of war and the madness that it brings to some people . I should 've known the madness was intended for his audience.The story is about Captain Willard -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- on a mission to find and execute the highly decorated and brilliant renegade Colonel Kurtz -LRB- Marlon Brando -RRB- , who has turned mad -LRB- undoubtedly because of war -RRB- . Please do n't waste 3 hours of your life watching this movie.LEAP rating -LRB- each out of 5 -RRB- : ============================ L -LRB- Language -RRB- - 3 -LRB- writers get all philosophical and artsy with Brando 's lines -RRB- E -LRB- Erotica -RRB- - 0 -LRB- n/a -RRB- A -LRB- Action -RRB- - 2 -LRB- does n't force you to the edge of your seats , that 's for sure -RRB- P -LRB- Plot -RRB- - 1 -LRB- Sheen is sent into Cambodia to hunt down Brando , plain and simple -RRB-
 I very much like war movies , but I have no idea what this movie was about . It was way off in depicting the Vietnam War -LRB- if you want a good depiction of that war , check out Platoon -RRB- and besides that , I still did n't find the movie interesting or anything remotely representing an Academy Award winning movie .
 I am a Vietnam Special Forces Veteran , I served my Country from 1965 - 1967 in Vietnam ... . I have witnessed various horrors during those teribble times Therefore I consider myself a fair judge of Vietnam motion pictures ... I can tell you that I watched various films about the Vietnam War , Platoon , Full metal Jacket , and what I believe came closest to the way it wasWas , We were Soldiers ... I have just seen Apocalypse ... WHAT A BUNCH OF BULL ... . Vietnam was nothing like this !!!!!!!!! Ask any Vietnam Veteran ... This contribed story should be packaged with some of the Disney Classics ... it just a silly fantasy or a bad LSD Trip ... it just does not tell the truth of what the Vietnam Experience was like , If you are truly Interested in seeing what it was like , please watch one of the other fore menchioned movies . . their far more accurate ...
 boring to watch . i fell asleep 3 times when watching.this movie is so overrated !! you 'll enjoy this if you are a poseur .
 This movie is not worth seeing . Do n't waste your time , and go for the newer productions . In the time the movie was made they certainly did not know what they were doing .
 Sick ! This is the kind of movie that is purely a dillusion on what happened in Vietnam . It 's becuase of sick movies like this that gave America 's vets a bad name . If you want to see a LSD version of the war that is sick , tasteless , and offensive , this movie is for you . But if you want a TRUTHFULL look on what happened in Vietnam , watch HAMBURGER HILL , 84 CHARLIE MOPIC , AND PLATOON .
 How people rank this movie so high I will never know . It was extremely difficult for me to watch this film , because I was so disturbed by the graphic deaths/murders of innocent Vietnamese . No doubt that scenes such as that were very realistic , and probably US soldiers did that and worse , knowing how much disregard they have for human lives in real life -LRB- i.e. . The Gulf War , WW2 , Korean and Vietnam Wars -RRB- . I am extremely disapproving of war in general , and there is a lot of pain left over from these unnecessary battles that are lasting , for the innocent victims . If there should be a movie at all about how horrifying war is , it should not be graphic , intensely disturbing displays of mass murder ; but a thorough examination at the psychological aspect of those involved with the war
 Apocalypse Now is undoubtedly one of the most memorable and powerful films ever made . However , the `` Redux '' version is completely unnecessary , with the extra footage greatly harming the finished product . As expected , the sound and video quality of the DVD is superb , but as for the movie itself , the original version is far superior . If you are looking for a much better companion to Apocalypse Now , try `` Hearts of Darkness
 This is an interesting film for its portrayal of the `` insanity '' of GIs in Vietnam in the late 60s . Do not however consider it to be an accurate depiction of what Vietnam was actually like , although there are some scenes that include a gritty element of reality . That being said , in a nutshell it is the tale of a special forces captain charged with hunting down a renegade army colonel who has taken up residence in the Cambodian jungle . The captain -LRB- Sheen -RRB- is accompanied by a small group of sailors who convey him up river . Along the way -LRB- the meat of the story -RRB- they encounter all sorts of strange characters and unlikely predicaments.Perhaps the best scenes in the film -LRB- and why I bothered to watch it -RRB- are the air cav scenes , where Robert Duvall delivers his famous napalm line , although the activities of the air cavalry are a bit far-fetched -LRB- as far as I 'm aware -RRB- . Other excellent , and mostly realistic scenes , are when Sheen 's boat takes shore fire and when his boat encounters a Viet sampan and `` inspects '' it . Both scenes accurately show the chaos and fear GIs experienced in Vietnam.The good being said , the Redux version has its problems . Included are many scenes that stretch the movie to the limits of boredom -LRB- the French plantation in particular -RRB- . Pertinent to both versions of the film , the constant barrage of unlikely situations the soldiers find themselves in is absurd . The film should be considered avant garde , or anything but a war film . At times , its just weird . And the extra length of Redux makes it difficult to stay awake to see the Brando scenes , where the real acting is.It might be worth your time , especially the Duvall scenes . You might want to fast forward through some of the recently included junk . If you can only see one post Vietnam film about the war , instead invest your time in Platoon ! , with the younger Sheen in the lead role .
 Great movie but I could not play it on my Oppo blu-ray player ... and the Internet chat rooms are full of problems with this version . It simply wo n't play . Dec 2011
 I own all 3 apocalypse now 's -LRB- original , redux , and this -RRB- I must say that I have become more and more disappointed as I went down the line.Original version -LRB- 1979 -RRB- on DVD contains everything that was meant to be there , just no impressive multimedia or extras.Redux came along and made some desirable but mostly undesirable tweaks to the original.THE VERSION YOU ARE BUYING is in my mind a total rip off to anyone who owns the redux and or original !!! I advise anyone who does n't own apocalyse now on dvd to go ahead and buy it , BUT IF YOU DO OWN THEM save your money !!!
 This DVD was corrupt & did n't realize it until it toasted a tv w / DVD player & a 2nd DVD player when installed .
 I looked forward to this release so I could experience again the thrill I got from not only watching a great movie but also hearing the terrific score led by the inimitable vocals of Jim Morrison and the Doors . What a disappointment ! The additional scenes did nothing
 Coppola must be getting marketing advise from George Lucas . Not surprising Coppola is a bum buddy of George .
 First off , I must say that I enjoy both versions of this movie very much -LRB- although I still prefer the original . I was looking forward in being able to own both versions in this one low priced set . It has a interesting packaging design , but what it contains is a major dissapointment . The movies are split up over two discs so you have to watch `` act 1 '' then put in disc 2 to watch `` act 2 '' . This is the lamest presentation of any movie I have ever seen . They could have easily put the original on one disc and Redux on the other . So on disc one you have half of the original version and half of redux -LRB- then disc 2 for the other half of redux and the orignal -RRB- ! I do n't understand the point of this as it breaks up the flow of watching the movies . I guess they were thinking people would watch Act 1 of both redux and the original and move on to act 2 . Why not get even more ridiculous and split it up even more into 3 acts or 4 acts or 20 acts over a span of dvds !!! Just leave the movie ON ONE DISC please ! If you want to go ahead and stop in the middle of the movie and change to another disc just to watch the rest of a movie go ahead and get this . If you want to be able to watch a movie all the way through on one disc DO NOT BUY . Also the video quality really does n't look all that improved from the first DVD releases of the films . 1 star just cause the films are good -LRB- well and the fact I have to give it at least one -RRB- The Horror , The Horror .
 What happens when you mix a good director with a good cast and a boring , half-baked plot ? You get `` Apocolypse Now . `` AN 's plot is too bizarre to have even a modicum of credibility and having seen this film a couple of times , I still do n't get the point of it . AN also suffers from dull and one-dimensional characters . Likewise , AN also suffers from bad directing and editing which makes it a rather difficult movie to follow.For all its potential , AN never lives up to its hype and I fail to see why it received so much acclaim . For a war movie , AN does n't have a lot of action so if you 're a war movie buff , chances are it wo n't hold your interest . If anything , AN is about as interesting as watching dust settle on your VCR .
 This movie does show man 's descent to madness . It drives you mad and leaves you wondering `` what the hell was that ? '' . In terms of sheer madness and weirdness , I guess it conveys it well . But beyond that it 's empty ! Dark and ridiculous like Dracula , another Coppola flick .
 By the year 1979 , cinema had evolved much . We no longer had shameful racial stereotypes -LRB- Breakfast at Tiffany 's -RRB- and we no longer had unnecessary animal cruelty/killing -LRB- all those old westerns where the horses are tripped , often breaking their backs -RRB- . Enter Francis Ford Coppola . He issues a horroble step backward in cinematic -- and I daresay HUMAN -- evolution by returning to the ages of animal cruelty and killing for entertainment . In GODFATHER , he had a real live horse decapitated . In APOCALYPSE NOW he had a real live water buffalo decapitated . What is it with this man and animal decapitations?People invariably respond in one of two ways . Either they are horribly put off -LRB- as I am -RRB- , or they say `` well , we eat cows , so what 's wrong with hacking up a buffalo for our entertainment ? `` The difference is this
 Apocalypse Now Is a Movies . Order to watch 0.00 . Or unless I need to payment.And help to buy or rent .
 This was the worst war movie I have ever seen and is too historically inaccurate and very unrealistic . I felt I could n't get into it . It had a totally unrealistic plot also . I do n't recommend this movie to anyone
 Are people saying you have to flip the discs over to watch the entire movie , or do you have to put in both discs to watch the entire movie ? If this is the case then who is the Moron who designed this ? Also , is the Picture any better ?
 This movie -LRB- along with Dark City -RRB- is one that people like to say is a masterpiece with complex , inspiring messages . These people either need to stop pretending they are Stephen Hawking or watch more movies because this one is incoherent nonsense
 I understand why people consider `` Apocalypse Now '' a great film . I really do . From a cinematic perspective , it 's a powerful , even riveting piece of work . But from my perspective -LRB- that of a child to a Vietnam vet , of a reader who loved `` Heart of Darkness '' , of a student in a class studying literature of the Vietnam War -RRB- , I think it 's a decadent piece of -LSB- junk . -RSB- The first -LRB- endless ! -RRB- shot was amazing - trees blowing in the wind generated by landing helicopters , the Doors ' `` The End '' playing to haunting effect . From there , it descended into a piece of self-indulgent -LSB- junk -RSB- in the mode of an auteur on an LSD trip . Those dramatic shots of Brando in darkness , dramatically raising his face to the light ! Sheen dramatically emerging out of the river , face blackened ! Sheen parading dramatically down the fire-lit corridor ! The truly decadent and hideously smug scene in which Kurtz and the bull are simultaneously -LRB- and , of course , dramatically -RRB- slaughtered . I could picture Coppola just out of camera range - `` Wow , are n't I cool ! This is so ... dramatic ! '' An art film that mocks its subjects , annihilates a literary classic , and turns the Vietnam War experience into a circus freak show . I 'll respect the right of others to disagree and to perhaps think I 'm crazy , but there 's my two cents and I 'm sticking by it .
 Apocalypse Now is certainly one of my favorite movies of all time , and the redux is still a great movie , but the original cut is much , much better . Redux has some good new character development , but what it does to Kilgore ruins it altogether . Redux includes a bunch of buffoonish Kilgore clips , turning one of the all-time legendary favorite movie characters into a dork.Stick with the original !
 It is interesting to read the numerous positive reviews of Apocalypse Now , and certainly it will be to see reactions to this Review . As a Vietnam veteran who spent almost seven years in Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia , it 's difficult to be generous about the views of Martin Sheen , for example , who stated emphatically that this is '' ... the best Vietnam War film ever . '' Hardly ! If you evaluate the cinematic qualities of the film - for film 's sake only , yes , it is a well-made film . Other than that , and in terms of truth and realism , `` surrealistic '' about covers it . In terms of reality and realism , even `` The Siege of Firebase Gloria '' - despite some terrible acting - was much better.The film presents scenarios that are not only surrealistic , they are virtually impossible , such as Kurtz ' empire-building situation `` up the river . '' As a former Green Beret , I am a little bothered by such portrayals , but I also realize that `` opinions differ . '' This film is no better than a `` 1 '' on the scale of realism .
 There is no excuse in 2006 for having to stop halfway through a movie to switch discs in order to finish it . I 'm sad that I ca n't get a refund because at Best Buy , once you 've opened a DVD , it 's yours forever.Do not buy this DVD , especially if you already own the other DVD 's . If you do own both , maybe you could buy this just to throw away the discs that come with it and use the package to store the discs you already have.Do not buy , do not buy , I ca n't say it enoughDo not buy ...
 The movie began with a choice of which language I wish to view the movie . ENGLISH WAS NOT ONE OF THE CHOICES ! The accompanying disk was set with english as the default language.Therefore , I needed to order a differrent Blu Ray of `` Apocalypse Now '' . Please refer to my purchase records . This time I ordered the same Blu Ray movie but made sure it was sold directly by Amazon . That movie works perfectly . Thank you for requesting review . Reagards , Ted Simmerman
 Apocalypse Now Reduced!Two good reasons not to buy this DVD :1 -RRB- The Coppola 's renewed masterpiece is not presented in its original aspect ratio of 2:35 , but in 1:85 , which is inexcusable .2 -RRB- A total absence of extra features.Mike Goldberg
 I love Apocalypse Now . and have purchase almost evry release of the film . While the video on the current release is truly wonderful , the audio is not.The good side - The video on the BluRay 3 disc release is absolutely spectacular ! Of course , the story -LRB- original version -RRB- is a classic.The VERY VERY BAD side - The DTS audio is great until it drops . I purchased the set at Best Buy and viewed the original version . I quit after hearing 8 audio drops in 1 hour and 38 minutes of playing time . I replaced this copy with another -LRB- from Best Buy -RRB- and the audio drops were still present . I am hoping these discs are from a bad lot . I will try again by purchasing a copy from Amazon.It is hard to believe that the producers would go to the trouble of reissuing this film with such spectacular video and such poor audio.Buyer beware .
 This is one of the most tragic releases in the history of dvd . What 's good ? It was given a lush , Technicolor transfer , which looks terrific . The sound is awesome , yes . It is an epic film , no denying any of that . BUT THERE IS A PROBLEM . For WHATEVER reason , Coppola and his cinematographer decided to BUTCHER the original 2.35:1 Technovision / anamorphic framing down to a GHASTLY 1.95:1 !!! If you want a clear example of what I 'm talking about , watch the accompanying trailer . IT is framed at the correct 2.35:1 . WATCH IT and compare it to the feature presentation and you will discover horrible examples of quasi-pan + scanning . How on earth could Coppola continue to sanction the visual mutilation ? Early on , he might be forgiven for thinking that some compromise might be worth it given the dimensions of film and television screens , but times have changed and widescreen is the NORM when it comes to home video presentation . People have become more SOPHISTICATED and UNDERSTAND and ACCEPT those `` annoying black bars '' . Someone over at Paramount and Zoetrope need to SLAP Francis UPSIDE HIS WINE-SWILLING HEAD and make him release this AGAIN in its ORIGINAL 2.35:1 FORMAT !!!!! -LRB- Record a commentary while you 're at it -RRB- .
 I 'm not going to talk about the virtues of the added footage , or complain about lack of extras like commentary . That does n't interest me . What did interest me was seeing this film again in its rich color glory . That 's where this DVD fails . The source material here is definitely not what it was . Yes , it was stunningly shot . So good in fact that obviously most people do n't notice that this version mostly uses fading stock . There is more orange than originally . It does n't affect the blacks and blues too much , but the yellows and the red have more of an orange tinge . This is a classic sign the film is in need of restoration . I suspect this is because Coppola had to use footage kept himself so that there would n't be a contrast between the original and new footage . Still the images are fairly crisp , and there 's no specks that I noticed . It 's like watching the film with the color slightly drained . Trust me , the original was even more vibrant and rich.I also was n't too crazy about the new sound mix . For example , too much added Wagner during the Ride of the Valkyries sequence . It drowns out the dialogue , and becomes redundant .
 I bought this at a store on an impulse buy . I wish that I 'd checked Amazon first as it is less expensive here and now I learn that you must change out discs in the middle of the film . -LRB- Who was the imbecile that came up with that idea ? -RRB- When I saw that it was 2 discs , I naturally assumed that each version was relegated to it 's own disc . It 's a great film but this DVD set could have been put together much better .
 Two good reasons to avoid this DVD :1 -RRB- The Coppola 's renewed masterpiece is NOT presented in its original aspect ratio -LRB- 2:35 -RRB- , and has been scanned into a smaller format -LRB- 1:85 -RRB- , which is inexcusable .2 -RRB- Absolutly no extra features
 This tiresome -LRB- 153 minutes -RRB- film is loosely based upon one of the great long short short stories of all time , Joseph Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness . '' Except for the fact that the protagonist in each is named Kurtz and mutters `` The Horror , the Horror , '' at the time of his death , there is otherwise little resemblance . The novel is a masterpiece of concise prose ; this film is a wretched example of overindulgence.Those who share in Hollywood 's professed hatred of war will probably find this film meaningful . Others , especially those with actual military experience should spend their time and money elsewhere .
 The transfer is quite good and the added scenes are interesting -LRB- but I see why they were left out of the original cut -RRB- . However the ending was completely changed . I understand that the ending would be changed in the `` Redux '' version , but even the `` Original '' version was altered . I bought this disk thinking I would get a new version and if I did n't like it I could go back to the classic , but no such luck . The new version has a few interesting points , but I think highly dilutes the original film 's power . It `` humanizes '' Captain Willard -LRB- Sheen 's character -RRB- , but I think that was one of the critical elements of the original film , he is meant to be distant , inscrutable and harsh . The added footage in the `` Redux '' version ruins the character development of Captain Willard.The altering of the ending in the `` Original '' version is just unforgivable in my opinion .
 Let me begin with saying that apocalypse now is one of my all time favorite movies so i was excited when i saw that they had rereleased it and then i saw in and now know why the scenes included in this version were deleted in the first place , because they take away from the continuity of the story line to me they became a destraction and towards the end were just plain annoying . You can not improve on perfecton as this DVD proves so save some money and just buy the original .
 What was once a perfect film in every aspect has been butchered by it 's own makers ... It 's so painful to see and sit through pointless scenes when there is so much texture that was once there in the tight editing , brutal violence , and depictions of war . Why instead , do we cut to a 30 minute waste of time that is debating politics in foreign language -LRB- the plantation -RRB- . Why do we cut out the napalm ending and leave only a subtext so deep you need to be on LSD to comprehend it 's `` hidden message '' ... Screw that . Screw this `` redux '' too , it 's as bad as Greedo shooting first .
 I bought this two disc set from Amazon to replace my old standard-def copy . The picture and audio were fine until about an hour and 15 minutes into the hi-def disc , whereupon it locked up on my Sony 350 blue-ray player . I tried it on my neighbors Magnavox Blu-ray player and the same thing happened . Amazon replaced the product without question with another copy , but the replacement copy had the same lock-up problem . I asked for and received a full refund .
 I 'm amazed at how little there is here , and how Zoetrope chose to blow a great release opportunity . Does anyone else remember that there 's a feature-length documentary on the making of this film ? I 'm not asking that anything be given away for free , and I realize Hearts of Darkness is not yet released on DVD , but why not include some material from the documentary ? How about some photos and/or cast member profiles , even some text about the historical milieu ? Coppola said this film `` is n't about Viet Nam , it IS Viet Nam . '' Martin Sheen had a heart attack , and Lawrence Fishburn was just a kid who went on to have a fairly healthy career in film . Surely these profiles deserve some extra treatment . `` What about 49 extra minutes of footage not included in the original edit ? '' Please . The scenes are clumsy and rightfully deserve to have been left on the cutting room floor . The only thing `` DVD '' about this release is the ability to jump to specific scenes . I 'm hoping this release will be reconsidered , possibly reproduced to include additional content , and/or packaged with Hearts of Darkness for a nominal price increase to cover both titles . Otherwise , this is a DVD release that does nothing to exploit the medium , and should be avoided or at least rented before purchase .
 I bought this just because I 'm a fan of Coppola & Brando & I made a mistake , I mean it 's a cool collection to have if you like the Movie because it 's an awesome case & comes with a collectors book but the movie itself is extremely boring
 When I first saw Apocalypse Now , I found it intruiging , shocking , and utterly though provoking . I saw the British Widescreen VHS , which is framed at 2.00:1 . I read that the original 70mm master was in the original ratio of 2.35:1 - which had been released on the Collectors Edition NTSC Laserdisc in THX . I eagerly awaited the DVD , hoping for at least a 2.35:1 THX specification ... but when arriving , I was utterly dissapointed by the re-accurence of the 2.00:1 ratio , no THX certification , and meagre extras . I read some more , and found that the 2.00:1 ratio was ` director approved ' and the THX certification was a minor squabble , so I decided to purchase on the basis that I 'd waited so long . In terms of the picture and sound , I was rather pleased . The image seemed to have a film like quality to it , containing non of the annoying hues and colours on the VHS -LRB- down to the print used and not the videotape -RRB- . The image , was smooth and soft . The sound was great too -LRB- although I could n't appreciate the Dolby Digital , as I do n't use 5.1 encoding equipment -RRB- . As for the ` extras ' , the disc contained a trailer and ` Destruction of the Kurtz compound ' -LRB- an alternate ending with optional commentary -RRB- . If these extras appeared on a standard release Laserdisc , people would be pleased , as it would contain a median price , such as this DVD ... So why do so many complain ! This is n't a ` Special Edition ' DVD , and its pricing is n't high enough to warrant a much higher studio output . Quite personally I would n't mind paying $ 30 - $ 50 more for a Special Edition THX release if the studios would make a pristine job of it ! If only Criterion could own the rights to these movies ! Grrr !
 I could n't really get into the movie . But then again , I saw it when I was young . Everyone says the movie is adapted from Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness , but that is only partially true . In college George Lucas -LRB- yes , the George Lucas -RRB- and John Milius wrote the story , but when Coppola wanted to proceed with it Lucas was busy with Star Wars . Coppola , who owned the rights to the movie through Zoethrope , rewrote the story with Milius and went ahead and directed it anyway despite Lucas . Lucas had wanted to direct the movie which he felt was at least half his and it put a strain in his and Coppola 's friendship . Lucas felt that Coppola had wrecked his and Milius ' original story . I would have liked to see what Lucas would have done with it and compared the two . Lucas retaliated with Purple Haze -LRB- never seen it , heard mixed reviews -RRB- which Universal renamed More American Grafitti .
 I thought Apocalypse Now was a must-see film and the words on the box made this version sound like it was an ever greater masterpiece than the original , so I gave it a try . It will be my one-and-only , but boy-do-I-regret-having-done-it Apocalypse Now experience . I should have known better . Masterpiece is critic code for bizarre , misogynistic , and so strewn with filthy language your grandmother 's ghost will haunt you for weeks . Extended version is code for the stuff we could n't put in the original because the mens in suits realized audiences would n't like it . This kind of movie is for the fans who like both David Lynch and Showgirls . I regret having seen those too .
 Is this a remaster?also , why not show the film in its ORIGINAL ASPECT RATIO ? - back in the days of 22 '' Televisions I could perhaps forgive Coppolas and Storaros decision to give this a 2:00 transfer.But today , screens are from a minimum of 30 '' all the way up to 50 '' and more-THERE IS NO EXCUSE TO RELEASE AN in any other aspect ratio other than the original-2 :35 . What are these people thinking?Is the 2010 edition of the DVD 2:35 ?
 i do not think this is the best vietnam war movie but it is not a bad one.i criticize this two disc set because there are some problems about it.for example in some scenes the moves are cut off and sometimes the subtitle is not fit to the sound.so this is not what i have expected .
 Folks , Those of you consider yourselves a true loyal fan of this great epic should first consider buying the documentary , `` Hearts of Darkness - A Filmmaker 's Apocalypse '' -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . After seeing this epic of a documentary of the making of Apocalypse Now then go out and buy the `` second '' Apocalypse Now with `` Redux '' at the end . Francis Ford Coppola clearly states why he made the original the way it is and in particular why he took out the -LRB- slow and confusing -RRB- French Plantation scene . There is a lot of the French Plantation scene shown in Hearts of Darkness - A Filmmaker 's Apocalypse so Redux is really not the first time the scene is shown although you do n't see the entire scene in the documentary you are n't missing anything hence the reason Coppola took it out ! The addition helicopter/Playboy scene is useless and they did n't even film the entire script of that segment due to the pouring rain.I just want to message that IMO `` Redux '' is a rip off . The rabid fans -LRB- like me -RRB- of Apocalypse Now must see it and own it but know it for what it is ... another way to get at your money for little substance in return.The original version RULES ! : -RRB- Thanks for reading , RickAustin , TXPS
 do n't get me wrong , this is an okay movie . it 's just that for once i 'd like to see a vietnam movie where the entire cast dos n't go insane ! all the vietnam movies that are out now make it look like all the people the went to '' ` nam '' came back crazy ! . i know some vietnam veterans and they are perfectly sane !
 Ordered this DVD as a gift and the first copy would not play . Sent it back and the replacement would not play either .
 Lame . Lame . Lame . Why would Paramount put the first half of each version on Disc 1 , and the second half of each version on Disc 2 ? This is grossly irritating -- to have to change discs in the middle of the movie . This is even stupider than when Mirimax split the movie AND the special features up onto two discs for Gangs of New York.And , yes , Hearts of Darkness should be a part of this set .
 The original Apocalypse was a dark classic , this new version just flat out sucks . The new scenes take away from the flow of the story -LRB- and are sooooooooo boring and unnecessary -RRB- - especially unbelieveable is that in this new bad version almost half of the group of army gentlemen have romantic encounters w / playboy playmates ! Ugh ! Like that really happened to any of the real soldiers that served in Viet Nam . Skip this one and buy the original version instead . Apocalypse Redux is as stinky as Godfather III .
 Like a washed-up boxer climbing into the ring one last time and winding up face down on the canvas , our dear director just could n't resist the temptation to impose his will on the past . In this quintessential example of the `` Awful Director 's Cut , '' Coppola gets himself thoroughly embarrassed by the younger contender -- namely , himself twenty-odd years ago . When I went to see this version during its theatrical release , I was stoked about finally getting to see the great Apocalypse Now , a flick I 've always loved , on the big screen -LRB- the original came out when I was only 5 :--RRB- . But the added scenes are almost uniformly bad , ranging from insultingly didactic to stupidly exploitative to just plain extraneous . They even taint the rest of the movie , completely disrupting the surreal , frightening flow of the original and transforming the movie 's previously trance-inducing length into art-house tedium at its worst . Sure , the original was n't perfect , but its only `` flaw '' was its excess -- you do n't `` fix '' excess by adding more scenes -LRB- besides , how many great American films are truly perfect ? in many cases , their imperfections are part of their greatness , but that 's another discussion ... -RRB- . At least Coppola did n't pull a George Lucas on us -- i.e. , release his butchered revision as if it were the original film , with the same title and such , and declare that he would simply not allow people to see the original . Yet , the release of a Redux DVD that does n't contain the original cut is an indirect way of burying the original ; fewer people would be willing to shell out the money or time to find the original DVD , even if they know that Redux is a different movie . So I guess Coppola should take some heat ; most directors are satisfied with releasing director 's cut DVDs in which viewing the original is an option . In any case , if you 've never seen this movie -LRB- or love the original and want to own it -RRB- , for God 's sake DO NOT buy this version -- it really is a different movie . You ca n't just ignore nearly an hour 's worth of bad extra footage -- it seriously detracts from the experience . Go for the original , which Amazon is good enough to still have available .
 I hate the new footage . It ruined the flow of the movie and did n't add anything at all to the overall experience . I returned this movie and I wo n't be buying it until the original is remastered properly . Thanks for nothin .
 I had never seen the movie so my wife took me to it because it is an important film . It was interesting for a while , but by the time the 3 hour mark hit , I was bored . The last scenes just dragged on . The additional footage added very little to the movie . It may be worth having this movie , but if they offer the original on the DVD , watch it instead of the Redux .
 What on earth was this ??? This is one of those movies which makes you wan na bang your head on the wall . First of all , there are no opening credits ! What 's the point of that ? Secondly , the movie seems like it 's taking place on a totally different world . The beginning and end of the film is really dull . The only good parts are the extremely well made war scenes , which only last a few minutes . Other than that , do n't waster ur time watching this film .
 This movie is too slow paced , and has basically no charater development ; might as well see it , so you know what kind of trash people praise .
 music and film - the best
 I 've tried so hard to like this movie , even going so far as to watch the damn thing twice . In short
 this movie is boring to watch and i fell asleep in it twice . its is overrated . save your self 3 hours and dont watch or buy it . the helicopter scene was overrated and the movie itself was just plain dull .
 First off this movie is a struggle to watch . The dialouge is inane and the movie has enough filler for a 90 min . sequel . The movie starts well and gets the viewer interested and then brings your hopes to rock bottom . I found this to be an insult of viewing time so if you want a good war movie with good appeal , see Platoon or Full Metal Jacket and leave this where you saw it .
 I 'm one of the few Vietnam vets who actually liked Apocalypse Now . Most vets hate this movie because it is n't realistic . Those vets who hated the original are REALLY going to hate this version - and those of us who liked the original are going to be disappointed . The added scenes increase the unreality of the movie without enhancing it 's deeper qualities . For example , when Willard steals Kilgore 's surfboard and Kilgore then pursues Willard with a psy-ops chopper , asking for the board back , I found myself shaking my head . Coppola has chosen to try and make war appear insane by having his people be insane - and those of us who were there are bound to resent that . Worse , it distorts what was a valiant , but failed attempt to show what war is really like . Some of the added scenes might have been enhancing , but to use them effectively Coppola should have trimmed some of the more offensive -LRB- to vets -RRB- scenes . For example , in the original we see the villagers living a nice peaceful life right before Kilgore 's battalion attacks . In the background , we see the North Vietnamese flag flying in the square . The impression is the NVA and VC were helping the peasants have a wonderful life until those nasty Americans screwed it up . Clip that out , and put in the French plantation stuff . Using Heart of Darkness to portray the human impact of war was brilliant , even if the attempt failed in the original . It really fails in the revised version . The nice thing about the `` Redux '' DVD is that the added scenes are listed , so you know which ones to skip to get the original back .
 The original cut of this film is one of the most beautiful , and disturbing , pieces of cinema ever made . The film flows so effortlessly , one would wonder why Coppola would want to go back and tinker with his finest accomplishment . The only reason I can think of is money
 will not play on my computer my dvd player my ps3 or ps2 and it says it will play on a ps2 . all o lf them say pal unsupported dont buy this
 I do n't really get this movie . It is n't a father/daughter film , although it is touted as one by many . The film does have a daughter and a single father element , but they rarely share scenes and they never really create a bond worth noting . No , this is a film about a young girl coming to terms with death and love in a strange and not so compelling way . In fact , the film lazily concludes the film in a rush that never really gets into the heart of the premise . It is a clich&eacute; ridden , manipulative film that has stolen the hearts of many thanks to an endearing lead performance by a young Anna Chlumsky . She is cute and conveys her character 's uniqueness rather well , but in the end it is the script that fails the film so horribly . Yes , it is no surprise that this script failed to pass the first round of the Nicholl Fellowship screenwriting contest . It is a hole-ridden mess really . Yes , it makes me cry -LRB- how could it not -RRB- but it is n't a genuine heart-tug . It never really addresses Vada 's issues with any true resolve . It had the opportunity to become something more but it was too concerned with being ` light family fun ' that the more intriguing aspects of the film -LRB- like the fascination and misunderstanding of death -RRB- become underdeveloped side notes . Oh well , Chlumsky is wonderful and Culkin is also rather good . Aykroyd and Curtis are just mere props here , doing nothing much but serving as adult stand-ins . And , to clear up a grave -LRB- and rather foolish -RRB- mistake , Curtis does not play Culkin 's single mother . How the sites reviewer got that from this film is beyond me . Anyways ; the movie is pretty awful , but I seem to be the only person to feel that way .
 Hi , I just wanted to say what i thought of this movie . It wasso good . The most i liked about it was how it was so realistic.It was very sad when Veta 's only friend dies . She is heart-broken . Because her dad works at a funeral parlor , Veta is withdead people day in and day out . Everyday she goes to thedoctor 's office and complains about how she is dying . The doctorexamines her but she is alright . This story reflects upon agirl who is dealing with death and her father 's newgirlfriend . I give this movie a five star . It is SOOOO good .
 Who the heck wants to see a comedy with a sad ending ?! I felt worse than disappointed when i went to see it . If you ask me , I think either whoever wrote the ending lost his mind or some dumbstupidin focus group for studio executives made it that way . I definitely agree with George Lucas 's resentment about Hollywood and the way most movies are written these days . Studio executives who give more of a darn about ratings than art just do n't know what the stupid they 're doing . Save your money for happier endings .
 Be forewarned ! ... This is a sad movie . I do n't agree that this movie is a comedy nor is it a family film . I lost my best friend who was a girl unexpectedly at the age of 7 . My parents in their wisdom thought it best that I did n't go to the funeral home and see her lying in a coffin . I feel the producers of this film should have included a warning . I felt violated by this film . Although death is a natural event , this young girl lacks any spiritual understanding of death . Like so many films today that call themselves `` Family Entertainment '' , there is no God and consequently , no hope . I 'd steer away from this one .
 A nice little film that deals seriously with childhood loss . Too bad Sony chose to release this in an abridged pan and scan . But hey , if you do n't care about all that Sony cut out of the film , buy it.Addendum : I may be wrong about this being a pan and scan . Columbia , unlike Warner Brothers and Criterion , is n't always , in the information on the DVD , clear about original aspect ratios of their films . If memory serves imdb gave 1:85:1 as the oar for this film a couple of years ago . Now imdb lists 1:85:1 as the original intended oar . As a result I have to say that I am not sure whether My Girl -LRB- and My Girl 2 which imdb claims was intended to be 1:85:1 -RRB- was originally filmed in widescreen then fitted into 4:3 .
 This is a remake of the 60 's movie . It 's the story of a man -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- who 's absorbed in his work . He 's obsessed with it . While at the DMV , he meets a quirky , high spirited girl named Sara -LRB- played by Charlize Theron -RRB- . She offers him the opportunity of devoting herself to him for the month of November if he will give up work -LRB- he 's already lost his job , so why is this an issue anyway ? -RRB- so she can `` show him life as it should be lived . '' It 's supposed to be a platonic relationship , but of course , they sleep together after spending only hours together . So , after some mild resisting , he accepts the challenge and we see how he changes his ideals during that month.Now , I do n't know about anyone else , but I do n't always have to see absolute reality in movies . They * are * movies . However , this was SO far fetched that even I could n't believe this man would n't call the police and have her locked up for stalking after their second meeting . And to have him change his values after a matter of about 2 weeks into this experiment just made me shake my head in disbelief . There are some touching scenes and I liked the sub-story of his involvement with the neighbor boy who he becomes sort of a father figure to . There were also some amusing scenes involving the cross-dressing neighbors . But on the whole the story was just too preposterous to find entertaining at all . The ending is meant to tear at your heart strings but it just did n't work for me . Sad ? Yes . Good ? No . If you must see it , wait for it to be on cable .
 I 'll admit that I am not one for love stories . I watched this because of Keanu Reeves . I was untouched by Sara 's and Nelson 's -LRB- Charlize Theron and Keanu Reeves -RRB- romantic interlude.Sara 's and Nelson 's relationship starts off with them being at odds with each other and then it , eventually , develops into one of friendship and love . Charlize 's character is that of a dying woman who is trying to live the last of her days by developing a relationship with a man a month and then sending them on their way . She does not want Nelson to be a part of her dying because she wants him to remember their relationship -LRB- and her -RRB- as one that was beautiful and happy . I did not find that to be touching . I saw it as an act of selfishness and unbelievable . Keanu Reeves ' character -LRB- Nelson -RRB- was one of a high strung , uptight , money making executive who later adapts the unconventional , bohemian lifestyle of Sara 's out of love for her . I found Reeves to be out of his element as an actor , and his performance as a romantic fell flat . In her efforts to portray a free-spirited , uninhibited , happy-go-lucky person , Theron comes across as silly and extremely irritating . Her character is unbelievable as she gives Nelson 's expensive clothes to a homeless guy and gives Nelson less expensive casual duds that belong to her gay friend . In my opinion , I feel that Reeves and Theron both did a poor job of portraying their characters , and I simple disliked the movie . I gave the movie 2 stars , only , because I find Keanu Reeves to be very handsome , and I enjoy looking at him . There was nothing else about this movie that I liked . It was difficult to get through .
 you might just find yourself watching this . It was neither good nor bad . It 's one of those movies that you wo n't feel you missed anything if you do n't see it . Charlize Theron is an extremely talented actress , but I 'd rather see her in interesting roles like in The Devil 's Advocate . Keanu Reeves is still just another pretty face . This movie is not especially original -LRB- see
 i watched this awhile ago and do n't remember much ; just that i was feeling quite unsatisfied upon leaving the theater , and felt the movie had wasted its potential . the only great part of the movie was enya 's `` only time '' .
 I have to say that this movie was very disappointing despite the fact that it starred Keanu Reeves -LRB- who can act when he wants to -RRB- and Charlize Theron -LRB- got ta love the girl from Benoni - that 's Benoni , South Africa -RRB- . They had great chemistry in `` The Devil 's Advocate '' , and such terrible chemistry here.People have pointed out that the movie was similar to `` Autumn in New York '' , and it was . See one , you 've seen the other . Both films were extremely `` flat '' in the way the storylines and character progression were handled.There were many aspects of this film that I found disappointing
 While watching Sweet November it occurred to me that I might be wrong in always blaming Hollywood for its seeming inability to make a decent romantic movie these days . Perhaps , I thought , society has changed so profoundly in the last thirty or forty years that the genre is no longer viable . Some people believe that movies influence society 's behavior , but I am inclined to think that they merely reflect our collective points of view at any given time . And , frankly , my dears , I suspect society at large no longer gives a damn about romance . This Sweet November is a remake . The original came out in 1969 , back when people still laughed at how material we could be . Now materialism is king . It 's the new religious order and demands to be taken with utter seriousness . In such a climate , romance is forced to take a back seat , and I do n't mean in a fun way . You 'll see what I am talking about as you read on.Nelson is a driven ad agency exec whose current girl friend is about to pack her bags because Nelson is so obsessed with his work that he pays her no attention . He seems to have it all - the lavish loft apartment in a trendy section of San Francisco , a car that costs as much as some people 's houses , designer suits , a fat paycheck , and , since he is played by Keanu Reeves , good looks . All of this success has gone to his head , and he 's now a spoiled brat on his way to becoming a tyrant . One day he meets the gorgeous Sara -LSB- Charlize Theron -RSB- , a woman with a definitively alternative lifestyle . When she announces that she 's chosen him to be her man for the month of November , he blows her off . He rethinks her proposal the day he is deservedly fired . She promises that in the month they are together , she will make a new man of him , one who appreciates the really good aspects of life . When he asks why they 'll be together only thirty days , she gives him some silly answer . In truth , Sara has good reason to limit her time in relationships , but she soon finds that Nelson is turning into a man she ca n't easily let go of , for in him she discovers that most elusive of emotions - love.Reeves and Theron make an attractive couple and exude a good bit of chemistry . Their initial meetings are fairly silly and unconvincing , but once they get serious about each other , they are interesting to watch . I do n't normally think of Reeves as a romantic lead , but the casting is appropriate here because Nelson must turn from a jerk into a nice guy . Nice guys are right up Reeve 's alley.I suspect the problem with Sweet November is connected to all that materialism we see today . I think it breeds a culture of permanent adolescence . A witty and urbane lead character is rarely seen now . In updating the story , Sweet November 's writers created a modern man in Nelson , and that man comes off as childish , petty , vain and egotistical . It 's someone we see more and more of in movies . It 's hard to root for a someone like that , especially in the first half of the film . It also makes it harder to relate to the woman . You keep wondering why she would fall for a guy like that . If that 's all that 's available , then romance is truly doomed .
 What 's wrong with Hollywood ? Just like the pure idea alone of Silence of the Limbs would amaze you well enough , the idea of this movie will , oppositely , sicken you all the way . Remember The Watcher -LRB- badly enough in its own rights -RRB- , would be a classic comparing with this one.I am still confused why good actors like these two would take on a project like this . After two hours of viewing , not only careful consideration of choosing future title is needed , but also watching some boxing just to drive away the disgust this movie left .
 The worst movie I saw this year . Completely implausible the way the characters evolve .
 As bad as the cover suggests , `` Sweet November '' is not really a movie but a long soap-opera episode featuring Keanu Reeves , Charlize Theron and a bland Enya soundtrack -LRB- yup , Enya . Sounds good , huh ? -RRB- . Essentially a cliched , tiresome and utterly tedious romance , this corny chick flick manages to deliver two or three decent scenes -LRB- mostly due to the solid Thero performance -RRB- and a lot of uninteresting tearjerker moments that drag endlessly . As entertainment this effort just falls flat , and as food for though it ` s equally inane and useless . Nothing new or exciting here , I ` m afraid , but I ca n`t say I ` m surprised.Insipid and forgettable .
 I 'm not one of those people who has a problem with Keanu 's acting . And I 'm a pretty big fan of Charlize Theron , but this movie was pretty bad with a really bad ending . You can watch it if you want , but it 's not really worth it .
 I could tolerate most of the illogical anguished drama -LRB- hell , I could forgive Charlize Theron anything -RRB- , but then they lost me completely with the dishwasher !!
 I 'd heard that Sweet November was simply awful . So I decided to try it because oftentimes awful movies can be excellent unintentional comedies . I was n't disappointed . While it is one of the worst romantic movies ever made -LRB- Keanu Reeves ? Give me a break -RRB- it works very well as camp.From Reeves ' excrutiatingly awful `` Hot Dog '' presentation to his tear-of-pain inducing final denoument with Theron at the end this movie is class A laughs from beginning to end.The juxtaposition of one of the worst , most wooden and lifeless `` actors '' , Reeves , with one of the most endearing and lively actresses , Theron , gives one the idea that maybe the director is completely clueless . That or he wanted to simply make Reeves look as bad as possible . If that was the director 's intention then he succeeded admirably.It also has one of the possibly most embarassing actor scenes of all time when Jason Isaacs completely humiliates himself in a green sequined dress.What a joke of a movie . Definitely an excellent choice for an evening of MST3King with some good friends .
 I found myself wanting to body-check whoever produced this pile of dreck . I have n't anything against either of the stars , they seem like decent people . However , this was a far from decent film.I thought the premise was exploitative and the film should have been entitled `` Mr. November . '' People would have been justifiably appalled if a film had been made about a male character who found a different woman to boff every month and then dumped her . I found myself wondering if the story was a revenge fantasy penned by a woman who had been wrongfully dumped by some cad . I also found myself feeling bad for Reeves ' character and wanting to choke Theoren 's . Then I found myself wanting to choke me for making the poor choice to watch this movie . Next time I want to see Keanu Reeves and Charlize Theoren together , I 'll watch The Devil 's Advocate , which I would give three stars.If you want heartbreaker type romance , watch Love Story instead . Myself , I think I 'll watch Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure . I 'd rather laugh than cry anytime .
 I know lots of people liked this movie but , I for one did not . It was very obvious within the first 10 minutes of this movie that you would know how it was going to end . I do n't know who pared up Keanu Reeves and Charlize Theron but , they make a lousy couple . They just do n't click together . There is no chemistry there . I would recomend renting this one first before thinking about buying it .
 I have actually watched this film 6 straight times ! Because the storyline and performances were so great ? NO WAY !! Just the opposite ! I watched it so many times so I could see the music credits at the end ! I knew that Enia sang a number that the lyrics contained the title of this review . I guess I 'll have to stop this review and watch the movie a SEVENTH time , because I still have n't nailed down the title of the song . One thing that Sweet November did accomplish though was that it preempted a 2005 remake of Love Story .
 As in The Devil 's Advocate , Keanu Reeves in Sweet November tries to play a talented professional who has reached the top of his profession , in this case a successful but heartless advertising executive . To suggest that Reeves is in over his head is to understate the situation . The man simply can not make me believe that he has anything like an I.Q. His big Hot Dog Advertising Campaign Presentation is one of the funniest scenes in movie history , mainly because one can sense that Keanu is working so very very hard and is failing so very very badly . It is hysterically funny , just like Elizabeth Berkley 's big dramatic tantrums in Showgirls . It should be common knowledge by now
 Myself and a couple of my college buddies were watching tv the other day and on was Sweet November . Of course we have heard of this film before , but it most certainly did not intrigue any of us . Yet , this time was different , Keanu was the worst he has ever been . There seemed to be nothing behind his eyes , just nothing . Does Keanu pick his own roles , or just the ones he thinks are really not for him . Theron does an ok job in this flim , but she is no Monster . Well , i would suggest never watching this movie , unless your significant other states that they must see it . I mean ... my college friends sat through it .
 Until this remake came along , a lot of people had n't heard of this movie or even knew the original version was made in the 60 's . If nothing else good comes of this mediocre update , at least it has made the earlier movie available again on video , after being out of print for years . For that reason if no other , I really wanted to like this film . I LOVED the original , starring the unimitable Sandy Dennis and Anthony Newley . Although I wondered why anyone would want to do a remake of that film , I could see how an updated version might hold some appeal . It WAS made in the 60 's , after all , and it did seem dated in many ways . Back then , it was still shocking for 2 people to consider living together before marriage . The movie carried a whole different symbolism and meaning back then . So I could certainly see how a newer , modern retelling of this love story could hold a different , but equally strong appeal for today 's movie audiences . But this version falls flat - and I think the failures rest with the director 's inability to grasp what made this story work so well the FIRST time around , not only the way Sara and Charlie 's personalities complimented each other but how they needed each other almost from the get-go . If there 's any truth to the saying that we pick lovers who make us feel complete , who fill in our gaps and empty spaces , then Charlie and Sara were a perfect match - in the first film , that is . In that film , it made sense that they 'd come together in spite of Charlie 's initial reluctance . In the update , however , what 's missing is the kind of British wit and sarcasm that Anthony Newley did so well and the madcap , she 's - not-just-acting zaniness that Sandy Dennis brought to her part . There was a humor underneath all the initial tension between these two as well as a spontaneity and flirtiness in their interactions that was utterly charming . Contrast that with the disbelief , scorn and even fear Keeanu Reeve as Charlie shows toward Sara . Charlize Theron is actually rather believable as Sara but she still falls short compared to Sandy Dennis and there 's a desperation and relentness to her pursuit of Charlie that borders on pathos rather than sympathy . She IS rather frighening , reminiscent of a stalker even , than the zany , irrepressible free spirit that Sandy Dennnis seemed to be . In all fairness , this movie is n't a complete loss . There are moments in this film that are poignant to watch . Fans of both Keeanu Reeve and Charlize Theron may well be overlook any flaws . To my eyes , however , it just did n't seem quite as believable , quite as magical as it should .
 Only someone who has never seen the original could like this flick . It takes a wonderful bittersweet story and butchers it . No comparison . Whereas the original is full of surprises and has you rooting for things to work out somehow , and leaves you heartbroken , this slop has nothing to offer except to note that Charlize Theron sure is a looker ! Oh , and Keanu Reeves sure is boring . Two thumbs and two big toes down . Skip it .
 The only good thing about this movie is the guy that plays Luscious Malfoy in the Harry Potter movies , and the guy that plays Lex Luthor on `` Smallville '' play a gay couple . They 're freakin ' hilarious , but otherwise this is terrible . Keanu Reeves trying to be sensitive and romantic is every bit as frightening as you might imagine . He should go back to being Ted Theodore Logan .
 I think I can honestly say that ` Sweet November ' is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . It 's actually so bad that I 'm at a loss for words at really what to say here . I am truly baffled by all the four and five star reviews , but I 'm not here to judge other reviewers , just this atrocious movie . ` Sweet November ' has the disadvantage of sporting a preposterous story that makes little to no sense and is chuck full of so many clich&eacute;s one may can guess each and every plot point just by reading the film description . Sara Deever is a sweet single woman who engages in month-long relationships with men in order to help them change their lives for the better . She shies away from any real commitment because she is very ill and so she makes sure she warns them before agreeing to take them on that they are not allowed to fall in love with her , no matter what . Her ` November ' is Nelson Moss , an advertising executive who is a workaholic , devoid of any real life . After a chance meeting she decides to invite him to live with her so she can ` help ' him.Yes , it 's a ridiculous premise . No self respecting woman would invite total strangers to come live with them , and no sane male would take her up on the offer . He may go home for the night , but he 's not moving in.I understand that films do n't always make sense ; they are in fact works of fiction ; and if the plot were the only issue I may be compelled to forgive it a little and enjoy what else I can from the film , but the plot is the least of its worries . There is a major problem with the two stars of this film , especially Reeves , but Theron does little to rectify the problem . Keanu Reeves is seriously one of the worst actors of our generation . He has almost no emotional depth and is almost always one-note . In fact the only role he seemed suited for and actually delivered in was ` The Matrix ' , for it was the only role that required his dry personality . Here he falls flat and proves uninteresting and ridiculously mechanical . His performance is laughably bad , nothing honest coming from him in any way . Theron is better , but she ca n't rescue the film . She is charming but her quirkiness tends to be a drawback . Her character comes off as rather insane instead of interesting . She is gorgeous , there is no denying that , but pretty is not enough.I honestly thought that this movie was going to be sweet , but I ca n't stress enough how deceiving the films title really is . I want to rent the original now , just to see if it is as horrible . Somehow I doubt that . I took my ex-girlfriend to see this film when it was first released , thinking that it would be a great date movie , but it proved to be a horrible experience for the both of us , and while I do n't blame this movie for our eventual breakup -LRB- which happened less than a week later -RRB- I do find it slightly ironic and like to joke that this movie was our downfall . I recently caught this movie on Cable and sat through it , just to see if my feelings for the film were tainted by my feelings for my ex , and their not ; the movie is genuinely horrendous.If you want to see something romantic and charming this is not the route to go . Rent ` Love Story ' or ` The Notebook ' or ` While You Were Sleeping ' instead .
 The movie has a very weak storyline , loosely linked chapters , total disappointment from a good cast .
 This movie was REALLY awful . SOOO boring , bad plot and did n't really make sense . It was just really strange . My husband and I both hated it .
 The best thing about this movie is that it finally finished and got me out of my insomnia spell . It was stupid and boring at the begining and so it did n't hold my interest enough to stay awake through the rest of it . Do n't rush out to watch this - that 's for sure .
 Charlize tries to be a sweet girl but actually she is annoying in the movie , harassing peoples like that and convincing that she wants to help , playing a Polyanna role . Please ! Keanu does n't seems that terrible , actually I found him so normal , he got a life , she does n't and try to convince him that he is abnormal . Besides , she dress like a homeless , those gloves , scarfs , really vulgar . What peoples saw in her to even consider her sexy ? She is plain skinny , no curves . In the movie she sounds as annoying as the leading lady in Legally Blondie 2 .
 Could you please tell me how Keanu Reeves hoists a diswasher over his shoulder in a goodie bag -LRB- with other items -RRB- , hauls it up an fire escape and gets it through a window?If your do n't care about logic like this , then this is your movie !
 This is one of the worst movies that I 've ever had to watch . It was utterly boring , and I 'd say that there was not a single redeeming quality . Not a single scene that I even kinda enjoyed , and Charlize Theron did n't even have her A-game in this flick . Sickly , dying Charlize is not as fun as lively , vibrant , sexy Charlize . Keanu was as bland and lifeless as ever , and not even in a good way . Not a single moment in this movie was worth capturing on film . Not entirely the fault of the actors or director , because the material -LRB- writing -RRB- was awful as well .
 I was marginally curious about this film when I saw the trailer , but definitely unwilling to pay to view it . Fortunately , it came on HBO while I was staying in a hotel , and I could watch for free . It was largely what I expected - fairly worthless . Keanu Reeves performed better than he historically has , but Charlize Theron was fairly flat . Though the premise was marginally interesting , the plot is completely predictable . One bright spot was Jason Isaacs as Chaz/Cherry , who delivers his usual caliber of excellence . It did jerk the obligatory tear from me at the end , but that 's largely because I 'm easy that way . Four yawns and two stars .
 I guess my title is basically all I have to say about this movie . The original was wonderful . This is just pale by comparison . Do n't waste your time .
 I first saw this movie when it first came out with a friend -- she had free tickets -- I am very glad she did , because after watching it , I am glad I did not pay $ 10.00 bucks to see this movie . Okay , being a sucker for romances , I decided to watch it again ... First , I would like to say , I love , love Charlize Theron as an actor , she is excellent , when placed in the right roles and her agent is not on some kind of `` let 's make a quick buck , fix ! '' But hey , she did make Mr. Reeves look good , okay not really.But Keanu Reeves in a romances is like someone scratching their nails on a chalkboard , HUH ! actually he is just an awfully , awful actor , it 's like watching a robot trying to have emotions , especially in an romantic movie . Keanu is better in movies that does not require using the human heart to express emotions!Now on to the Scenes in the Sweet November . I 'm from SF and know for certain , at least I am 99.9 % certain that you can not walk out of your house in Potrero Hill and 5 minutes later be scrolling down Dolores Park , eating an ice cream cone , nor can you be in Chinatown with one skip and a hop from Potrero Hill . Unless you have a car or you have a very special route from Potrero to Dolores Park to Chinatown , in which case could someone please let me Know ! Just had to mention this , because it really bugged me ... But hey , this is hollywood and I guess they figured us folks in the Bay Area would not catch this one.Basically , if the acting on Keanu 's part had been believable , heartfelt and real , I would have enjoyed this movie more . Plus , what is up with the Movies about dying woman , with some unknown disease !
 I 'm a guy , and do n't generally appreciate `` Chick Flicks , '' but this one started out all right . My wife wanted to see this movie , and I 'll admit - I like Theron and Reeve 's chemistry in Devil 's Advocate , although their relationship in that movie ended even worse then theirs in this picture . I went to see the movie , and it had an enjoyable enough beginning as the cliche 's of the movie were Hammered into the audience.Reeve 's character is a stiff suit , obsessed with himself , his talent and his career - he Lives for his job , and is not a healthy person . He is wholly self - absorbed , and has no real love for anyone but himself ; his success at work is driven by his desire to satisfy his ego . He is obsessed with satisfying himself , by distancing himself as far as possible from his humble beginnings.Theron 's character is a flighty lovable leftist - PeTA type who liberates huggable puppies from evil experimental labs and gives them happy homes ... . They are `` better off '' for having met her . Basically , she 's a ... who shacks up with a guy to show him how twisted his life is without having Heavy amounts of leftist vitality . Granted , the character is a LOT more likeable than that of Any of Reeve 's characters business partners , and her quirks are all lovable - but the viewer must realize that her intentions are flawed ; she does n't make any room for real love ... After the characters are detailed , and after they fall in love , the message of the movie self - destructs.Reeve 's finds out Theron is dying . Theron displays incredible selfishness by distancing herself from Reeves . She shuts him out , because she does n't want him to see her as weak , basically rejecting Reeves love . Reeves goes to great lengths to see Theron , and eventually succeeds , forcing her to talk to him -LRB- Stalker ! -RRB- . He proposes marriage , and she rejects him . She admits she is dying , and wants him to leave her alone - forcing him to give up his love for her . It seems all hope is lost , and eventually - both characters give up all hope for a miracle recovery , and decide that even though they 're MADLY in love , it 's best if they never see each other again.Who in their right mind would shut out their loved ones during their last days ? Ironically , throughout the movie , Theron 's character was doing just that . She had been refusing to see her family , because she did n't want Them to see her dying ... at the end of the movie , she decides to allow them to see her , but STILL shuts Reeves out . She trades one bit of faulty logic for another . The movie seems to say , `` It 's ok to shut out the people who you love when you 're dying . There is no hope for recovery from terminal illness . When you 're dying , romantic love is too tragic to deal with ... `` If I were in Reeve 's characters position , and I allowed her to walk away at the end of the movie - I 'd hate myself forever ... If I were Theron 's character , and realized I 'd only have one more minute to live , I probably would agonize during that last minute - wishing I 'd be able to hold my loved ones hand ... Maybe it 's just me , but I think this movie just ended terribly .
 When we got this movie , my initial thought was
 What an astonishingly terrible movie ! Not only do they have Keanu -LSB- the `` uhhhhhhhhhhh '' -RSB- Reeves wandering around , furrowed brow and all , but they actually let him sing . I guess it was supposed to be touching , but when you have spent an entire movie cringing -LRB- after shelling out money for tickets -RRB- , all you can think about is getting away as quickly as possible , in whatever manner necessary.This ... movie is a remake for saps and unlucky people like me who get hoodwinked into watching this mess . Its deeply heartfelt performances and obligatory cliches are stuffed down your throat at every chance you think you 'll be able to catch your breath . A committee must have researched every cheezy hook to shove in this evil monster of a film . We have playing with dogs on a beach , kite flying , stereotyped transvestite who is so darn witty , sad kid who needs a role model , debilitating illness , rain pouring down while proclaiming love in the middle of the street . The craziness of it all.On top of all this you have the absolutely abysmal Keanu Reeves . ...
 You see , my son landed a bit part in that movie . I could watch it over and over as he is now having trouble in his life . He played the part of the big brother organizer . He was so thrilled to be able to do this . He was discovered in a restaurant where he worked as a bartender . The next thing he knew he was on his way to Hollywood where , like so many others , had his dreams dashed and heart broken . I think he could have done a better job than Mr. Reeves but that is a mother speaking.The movie ? Well , I live near San Francisco , and love it as if it were a lover . I never tire of movies with this wonderful city in it . I did not forget for one moment that I was watching people acting , -LRB- my son excluded -RRB- . End of Story .
 I watched American Pie 1 and really liked it . But this one totally sucks . Tasteless , not funny at all . Do n't waste your time on this piece of junk .
 Ever wonder why women and gays seem to be treated less equally ? Well you can thank movies like this one that help contribute to that problem.This movie helps the overrated view of lesbians even more . Lesbians are normal people like everyone else , but it seems like society has programmed men to think it is one of the definitions of `` sexy . '' Lesbians have not become just normal people , but this huge sex symbol . Is this what the gay community wants , for lesbians to be continously exploited ? They promote just that in this movie , with the stereotypical view of lesbians today ... This not only hurts normal , every-day lesbian women , but also heterosexual women , because this type of stereotpical view helps strengthen sexism in today 's culture.And , ironically -LRB- or maybe not -RRB- gay men are treated as the exact opposite . The tone in the movie suggests that while the lesbians are extremely sexy and perfectly acceptable , that the idea of two gay men is disgusting and used for humor only ... This movie is EXACTLY how gay society is portrayed by the media . Lesbians sexy and acceptable , gay men disgusting and funny . I KNOW that the whole movie is n't about gay and lesbians , I 'm just pointing out a certain aspect of the movie that annoys me to death because the same concept is shoved in my face every day by the media.Unlike the first `` American Pie , '' this movie did not have an oune of intelligence . I am definitely not a fan of the original , but the levels they sunk to in this movie to outdo the first were -LSB- weak -RSB- , sick , and equaled out to a lot less enjoyable and fun to watch as the original movie . Like someone else said , this was `` re-heated pie . '' This was definitely not an improvement . The only enjoyable cast member was Eugene Levy , and as much as I 'm a fan of his , it 's hard to be in a movie like this.To close things up , I am not trying to be overanalytical -LRB- although I might be too late -RRB- , but I am just pointing out the obvious . Why does the media portray lesbian women as sexy ? Because lesbians make them money . Why does the media portray gay men as disgusting and funny ? Because gay jokes sell . I hope there are actually people out there that do n't get sucked into this trap ...
 i watched this movie just to c how much worser tha movie could get . still not funny enough . tha movie is better than part one . but not very funny . it had too much to do with breasts and stuff . which i find not fuuny . it funny in a crude way . which i dont find funny . i only laughed at tha superglue part !!! he gets his hand super glued to a porn tape and his '' man object '' . u have to c that part but otherwise tha movie is ... . not funny .
 This movie is so sophomoric , you 'd swear the characters were in high school - better yet , middle school . They have not advanced intellectually at ALL ! This has got to be one of the very worst of sequels , in the same league as that horrendous Scary Movie 2 . The first American Pie is a classic of sorts . It seems to work , despite a plot that leans toward the typical teen flick I-want-to-lose-my-virginity scenario that we 've seen how many zillions of times ? How many movies are they going to make about teenage promiscuity , especially when you consider the rise in adolescent AIDS and other sexually tansmitted diseases ??? The people that make this kind of garbage , thinking that it 's commercial should be more responsible . These movies mention and show condoms , but not AIDS , syphillis , etc. . It 's just the sex -- and , what about pregnancies ? Sex is not simply meant for kicks . I could go on , and on why I hate this kind of junk . This stuff is n't funny -- you laugh at it , not with it -- it 's simply crude , crass and obnoxious . This glorification of irresponsible behavior is dangerous . But that 's probably giving the movie too much credit . This pie was made with worm-eaten rotten apples . But , I 'm sure the fans of the first film will see it . How could you not ? The first one , as I pointed out , was surprisingly well done . But , please , keep this trash far away from children !!!
 Maybe the worst movie i 've ever seen . Boring , very TALENTLESS actors , and bad jokes . Primitive film for primitive people .
 But more than that , the people who were naive enough to think this could be any good should step off a cliff and make the studios think twice about releasing dreck like this.The Hollywood machine cares little about innovation , they only care about dollars . So when this sorta funny , sorta coming-of-age story called `` American Pie '' makes all kinds of money at the box office , naturally there will be a sequel . There 's still some change under the sofa , after all.The first film was occasionally funny , half-lighthearted drama , half - `` Porky 's Revenge '' ... And with SCTV alumnus Eugene Levy in tow , and Natasha Lyonne as the old soul of the piece , it did a credible enough job to pack us in the theatres , This movie has nothing appealing about it , and certainly is n't worth owning -- the writing -LRB- although it was never supposed to be Shakespeare -RRB- has degenerated to third-rate Farrelly Brothers cast-offs , and none of the actors are doing more than walking through their parts . Jason Biggs has the most to do , but you can bet if there 's an American Pie 4 , he 'll be in it . At this point he knows he 's got ta take what he can get.The writers took the audience somewhat seriously in the first film , but they make the mistake here of not giving a damn , and the film is that much worse because of it .
 this movie was just like the first one ... raunchy and tasteless and pathetic . the first one had its moments of great humor but this one was a remake with more dumb sub plots.I watched the movie and realized these were absolutley perfect looking teens who went off to college and did the exact same thing they did while in high school which was to go to keg parties and try to stick their d *** s into as many girls as possible . I pray American Wedding is the last of this god awful series of party movies . Although this movie may be a good educational tape for parents and may promote good advice
 this movie was terrible . the dialog seemed as if it was written by a high school student , the plot devices were more than contrived , they were ridiculous . there was 1 good laugh in this movie . it was such a poorly made movie i had no desire to watch the extra features . i just wanted to get the dvd out of my player . thank god i rented this piece of garbage instead of buying it.if you liked the first one , you may like this . i thought the first one was marginally funny . i personally think i 'm too intelligent for this movie . the humor was soporific and generally appeals to the LCD in everyone . it just so happens my LCD is way above most people Highest Common Denominator.whatever .
 I thought ' comedies ' were supposed to be funny ? Somewhere along the way , these movies billing themselves as comedies have failed miserably to live up to the title of ' barely amusing ' . I 'm not some film snob who can only chuckle at a Woody Allen movie . . my faves are anything with Jim Carrey , or anything Farrelly Brother/Kevin Smith/Austin Power-related . These American Pie movies , though . . these things have to be the most overrated piles of garbage the studio machine has unleashed in the last few years . OK , the first one i found mildly amusing at times , but sure not the gut-busting , laugh-riot it was billed to be . Apparently there are millions out there who are easily amused , because they made a sequel . . and man , what an awful movie . Tired , uninspired . . just a bad , unfunny movie . Of course it goes on to make like almost 200 million or something at the box office . For an american movie-going public that makes Rush Hour 2 one of the biggest hits of the year though , this comes as no surprise . Hey , if you love these AP movies , great for you , I 'm glad they make you laugh/happy . . but damn , those are a pair of bad , overrated , over-hyped movies . Another slice ? I think I 'll throw up .
 Flat . Weak story . Only one funny seen.Rent it . You 'll only watch it once .
 i enjoyed the first movie and expected to enjoy the sequel . the sequel basically is just cashing in on the success of the original . they made a half a -- effort writing script to this one.what a waste . the actors seemed to enjoy themselves more in the bonus footage .
 Not a bad followup to the first , but the ending was a little campy .
 If you liked American Pie -LRB- the original -RRB- because it was a somewhat unique comedy , this film will disappoint you.I expected very little when I saw the first film , and came away surprised . It actually had a storyline and was n't just a string of crude jokes thrown together in a random sequence -LRB- what I was expecting -RRB- . I particularly enjoyed the scenes with Eugene Levy and Jason Biggs - the one that opened the movie literally brought tears to my eyes -LRB- of laughter , not joy -RRB- . American Pie 2 ? Well , the crude jokes are there , but unlike the original , you can seeing them coming well in advance which takes some of the zing out of them.Case in point
 I could only watch for about ten minutes . The original was ... well ... original . AP2 is not . Terrible sequel . They should try a prequel.Tim
 I cant believe that a sequel came out for american piesame tasteless humorsame story linesame starssame everythingthis is just another attempt by filmakers to make high schoolers think that when they go to `` college '' its going to be one beer guzzling party after another and they will get through their first year with flying colorsI know this because it brainwashed a buncha of students at my school , always trying to get laid , into parties and how much they will enjoy their `` freedom '' in collegebad movie
 I had great expectations , after watching American pie 1 -LRB- which was very very funny -RRB- . This movie , though ... Please do n't waste your money , it 's just terrible . I 'm a big Alyson Hannigan fan , even she coud n't -LRB- and did n't -RRB- save this movie ... What were they thinking ? I heard that there will be American Pie 3 -LRB- oh , dear Lord , a TRI-logy -RRB- ... Could it be worse than this one ?
 Why do people make bad movies like American Pie 2 ? Must be because dopey people keep going to see and buying bad movies ! This one is n't only boring , it is just plain dumb . The first one was just `` ok '' but the second one is really bad ! Please save your money .
 the Film was half way Entertaining the First time around but this one is a Bore & seems stuck in a Formula Rut it ca n't get out of.a One Trick Pony of the First Order .
 This sequel is definitely not a movie to take seriously . There are some good laughs especially in the opening scene when Jim 's Dad interupts a sexual escapade by Jim . Eugene Levy undoubtedly is the highlight of this sequel.The rest of movie is just a non stop sequence of undersexed college/high school students striving to get laid . The characters are slightly amusing but the film as a whole does not add much to the more successful original . The script is oh so repetitive . Not bad but certainly not great either as a 21/2 star rating sounds right .
 The first American Pie was interesting and done well . The plot was n't that brilliant but the esemble cast was able to make a decent movie . However , American pie 2 falls short of its predecacor . The movie is weak at best . The whole creative team , directors , producers and writers seem to have lost tough with what made the original so great .
 After thoroughly enjoying the first American Pie movie and reading all the positive reviews of this sequel , I came in with high hopes . Instead , all I got was a simple rehash of the same jokes from the first film , only this time , without the humor . It 's as if the producers simply said `` okay , I want everything that worked in the first film repeated , only let 's make it louder and even more obnoxious '' . The only reason I give this two stars is because the entire cast at least attempts to inject some of the same spirit that they brought to the first film . Too bad the script lets them down , hard ...
 I was eagerly awaiting the release of this movie , having been in stitches of laughter over the first American Pie movie , and expecting some more of the same.Well , I got to see the movie , but was quite disappointed . I figure that if you are going to cash in on the fame of the first , you have to expect people to reflect & review.There was far too much reliance on crass humour , there was too much swearing , and the movie lacked any real flow.There were a few truly funny moments , but these were few & far between.Bottom line , watch it on weekly release at the local video store , have a laugh , but save your money something better.And , if you do n't own the first release -LRB- American Pie 1 -RRB- , buy it .
 Do not buy full frame movies . Order the Widescreen version of this movie . To find out why , visit the Ultimate Guide to Anamorphic Widescreen DVD -LRB- for Dummies -RRB- !
 While watching this lame movie , I laughed only about 3 times . It uses only tired old sexual humor that I 've seen a million times before . But the main problem is that its got absolutely no plot . I kept waiting for the story to start - it never did . Scary Movie 2 or even Bubble Boy were so much funnier and they had decent plots .
 I was so disappointed when I saw this movie . The original American Pie was so funny that I figured the second would be as well.While on summer vacation , the guys decide to rent a house by the beach . How predictable . . single , college freshman . . house on the beach . . This movie was n't even funny , it was just dumb .
 My mind has played a trick on me , not that that 's a newsworthy event . Halfway through American Pie 2 , I thought to myself how much better and funnier the original was . I just looked up my review , and I did n't much like it , for much the same reason I did n't care for the sequel . In both movies , the characters have such a clinical view of sex . The way I see it , if you have neither romance nor passion , the whole subject of sex is pretty tame , not to mention unimportant . Still , this second helping does bring back the original 's main asset , which is a bright , talented and likable young cast . They are fun to watch and give the material their best shots . The reason it 's not as good is simply that the jokes overall are not very inspired . Since this is a comedy , that 's a big problem.Jim -LSB- Jason Biggs -RSB- and his pals have just finished their first year of college . Now a summer , with its promise of booze , babes and parties , is ahead . One of Jim 's friends decides the gang should rent a beach house on Lake Michigan , thus saving them from the horror of spending the summer with their parents . Nadia -LSB- Shannon Elizabeth -RSB- , the exchange student Jim had some very embarrassing moments with live on the Net in the first movie , is traveling in Europe for the summer . She tells him she 'll come to see him at the end of summer . Terrified that he will once again not perform up to her expectations , Jim seeks the help of Michelle -LSB- Alyson Hannigan -RSB- , who is now a counselor at a nearby band camp . Michelle , as loony and out there as ever , agrees to ` train ' him . Meanwhile , Stifler -LSB- Sean Scott Williams -RSB- remains a lovable macho idiot , Oz -LSB- Chris Klein -RSB- is still going with Jessica -LSB- Natasha Lyonne -RSB- , Kevin -LSB- Thomas Ian Nichol -RSB- is now unhappily single , and Paul -LSB- Eddie Kaye Thomas -RSB- pines for Stifler 's Mom.While Universal Studios was able to reassemble the original cast , which was perhaps contractually obligated to do so , it could not get the writer and the director back . This may explain why the first one is more sophisticated , funnier and and less flawed than the sequel.Jason Biggs is a good actor with a gift for physical comedy . Alyson Hannigan 's character , Michelle , is forced to morph into a more normal girl . This change dilutes her part , but Hannigan is still often wickedly funny . Sean William Scott has a field day as Stifler , who has a much larger role this time . In an uncredited role , Jennifer Coolidge returns as Stifler 's Mom . Coolidge is one of the best comedic actresses around , and it 's too bad she is in just one scene . The cast really is good ; in fact , it 's more talent than the movie deserves . It gives it an illusion of quality.There are a few scenes that work really well . I admit to laughing out loud during them . Others come off as awkward and underwritten . I found the movie to be rather provincial in its attitude towards sex , but I may simply be too jaded , since the movie was as big a hit overseas as it was here . On the other hand , the term ` provincial ' is not one that applies solely to America.The ` controversial ' scene in the original involved Jim and a warm apple pie . This time around it is about Jim 's close encounter with a tube of super glue . I mention this because , when you see the movie , I want you to answer this question
 this movie was horrible ! part one was so-so ; this is just embarassingly bad . i know the whole point of the movie is to give people a few cheap laughs , but honestly , you 'd think they could come up with something better than this . it 's an hour and a half of two dimensional , stereotypical characters , bad acting , and absolutely stupid jokes . it 's a sad , sad day when people are giving THIS a five star rating.if you 're the type of person that thought part one was hilarious , chances are you 'll enjoy this too .
 All I have to say is that this movie sucked . I liked the first one . However , this one was one of the worst films I have seen in a long time .
 I think the only reason I gave it a two is because I actually felt like watching the whole thing . Just to see what happened next . But geez , this movie -LSB- was not that good -RSB- . I thought the first one was pretty good . There were some fresh shenannegans and plot twists . American Pie 2 just ripped off each plot twist in a different way . Kevin knows the gang has to do something , and goes to his older brother for help . ... Sorry I ca n't tell you the plot . I really wish I could , but there 's one small problem . There is none . Usually that helps a movie.All I could squeeze out of it is that things are changing for them after high school and Kevin feels that they need to stay together . So he asks his older brother for advice and then rents a lake house for the summer and they have wild parties etc.etc.You 'll laugh only a few times in the movie , only because of some of the `` Happy Gilmor-ish '' relentless cursing . which is n't really that funny in the first place.Don ' t buy it , maybe rent it . It 's rated R for stron language , strong sexuality , nudity , alcohol , and crude humor .
 Despite what it says on hmv.ca - the title Deceived has not been received . I ordered it two months ago and was just informed that I wouldnt get it until late January - little do they know that hmv.com says the release is Feb 14/04 . Why dont they figure it out and change the availability - it will not ship in 2-6 weeks cause it doesnt exist ! yet .
 Deceived was ordered from Amazon but the seller was MovieMars . When the DVD was placed in the recorder , the notice came up on the screen
 5 star movie ; 1 star seller
 Overblown dramatic moments interspersed between Ms. Hawn 's costume changes . I prefer her in comedies . This movie has all the wooden dialogue and clunky plot of a made-for-tv movie .
 I just thought I would add my 1 star vote for what I think is the worst Roger Corman horror movie I have ever watched . Just using a respected name like Karloff is not enough to make a movie . Even Jack Nickolson was insufficient to make this film more than it was . Basically , nothing happened ! After watching it once I chucked it to the back of my collection and have not watched it since .
 The only reason I would recommend watching this is to see a much younger Jack Nicholson , the rest is a boring story that will surely have you falling asleep in the first 15 minutes . Unfortunately I forced myself to stay wake and give the movie a chance.The films begins in 1806 with the story of a lost French soldier -LRB- Nicholson -RRB- who has been separated from his group , he stumbles upon a strange young girl who seems sort of possessed , the soldier tries to ask her for directions , she does not answer she simply disappears on him . The soldier tries to find his way through until he finds a castle , in it lives an old man and a butler who seem very mysterious . And there is something very mysterious because the old man is much very connected to the strange young girl . The story of the movie is quite interesting but it lacks excitement . What I mean by that is that the movie is very slow , to a point that is unbearable . I forced myself to stay awake through the whole thing . Also the conclusion is quite unsatisfyingMY PERSONAL RATING 2 OUT OF 5
 Sluggish pacing and some questionable shots make THE TERROR a recommendation only for those who want to see a very young Jack Nicholson and a very old Boris Karloff in something other than the immeasurably superior THE RAVEN . Director Roger Corman lays the atmosphere on with a trowel and leaves continuity , consistency and coherence far behind in his wake.Karloff plays the Baron of a dark and brooding castle and Nicholson plays a misplaced French lieutenant in circa 1805 Somewherevania . There 's a long dead wife , a diaphanous maiden prowling about a crypt at night and an old crone with a falcon borrowed from the set of Alfred Hitchcock 's THE BIRDS . The plot ? Well , you can mix those ingredients together and probably come up with something a little more substantial than this one.Not recommended .
 This movie moves at a snail 's pace as a soldier takes shelter at an old Baron 's castle while searching for a mysterious woman he discovered at the beach near the castle . Boris Karlof 's performance as the elderly Baron is the only one that makes this movie worth watching for the first half hour , and even then his acting gets lame and overleveled . Just like other typical Jack Nicholson movies , the movie is very slow , and extremely boring . It is not scary , and it is very easy to see that it is fake and stagy ... Rent it , do n't buy it .
 OK , it 's Corman so you got ta cut him some slack , but this one could n't terrify a tourist in Disneyland . Karloff is you 're typical SOB -- Scary Old Baron ; Nicholson 's a miscast as a lovestruck Napoleanic officer -LRB- French lieutenant ? Stick to LA gumshoe , Jake . -RRB- ; and what about that Community Theater witch ?! Maybe they should have burned the sets down while filming -- a la Gone with the Wind -- in order to add some excitement to this one .
 Some people just ca n't mind their own business.It 's 1806 and Lt. Andre Duvalier -LRB- played by a 26-year-old Jack Nicholson -RRB- , a soldier in the French army , has been separated from his regiment . He winds up on a beach somewhere where he meets a mysterious woman who says her name is Helene -LRB- Sandra Knight , Nicholson 's then-wife -RRB- . After the woman vanishes , Duvalier is attacked by a bird and passes out . When he wakes , he finds himself in the shack of Katrina , an old woman who insists there is no woman named Helene . Her son Gustav , however , indicates otherwise and prompts Duvalier to seek the truth in the castle of Baron von Leppe -LRB- Boris Karloff -RRB- . Duvalier makes his way to the castle , but finds the Baron no more forthcoming than the old woman . And the Baron 's valet Stefan is a big roadblock as well.Determined to get to the bottom of the mysterious woman -- literally , as it seems the only thing Duvalier truly wants is some action -- the lieutenant stops at nothing to uncover every secret of the Castle von Leppe , even if it means damnation for all involved.You know , you think you 've got a good thing going . Your checkered past is where it belongs , in the past , and you 're doing a good job of putting it all behind you . You 're not hurting anyone . And then one day some stranger bursts in and , without so much as a by-your-leave , proceeds to tear down every wall you 've built to keep those secrets hidden . Just to satisfy his libido.As it happens , Helene is really Ilsa , the Baronness von Leppe , whom the Baron himself killed twenty years earlier when he returned unannounced from the war and found her with her lover , Eric . However , as Duvalier later discovers , even that is n't the end of the story . Soon Katrina 's motives , Helene 's desire , and Stefan 's secrets are all revealed as the crypt beneath the castle floods , leaving the Baron with his guilt and his tortured soul.THE TERROR ? Only if you intend to make me sit through it again , because I will hurt you . It 's so hard to imagine this movie was made with any serious intent . Then again , it 's a Roger Corman movie , made on the heels of his movie THE RAVEN , using the same sets and actors , filmed in only a few days because , well , he had the sets and the actors for a few days more , why not shoot another movie?The result answers that question for itself . THE TERROR is all the proof you need that , just because you 've got the resources at hand , does n't mean you need to make a movie . What 's worse , there are FIVE directors credited with this movie -LRB- only Corman appears in the credits , but apparently he had help from Monte Hellman -- now that 's a cool name , HELLMAN ! -- Jack Hill -- one of the `` writers '' of this thing -- as well as Jack Nicholson and friggin ' Francis Ford Coppola -RRB- . Five directors ? That 's got ta be some sort of typo , because I was hard pressed to find evidence of even one director . For large chunks of the movie , I got the feeling the cameraman hit record and sat back to have a sandwich and only happened to get a few shots of people running through a dry -- and I mean DRY -- read . This movie was obviously made before Nicholson had taken up acting , and apparently long after Karloff had given it up . Honestly , I half-expected the credits to be chock full of Alan Smithees . With FRANKENSTEIN and THE SHINING on their respective resumes , Karloff and Nicholson are horror legends . THE TERROR begs the question whether that 's a genre-wide distinction or just a case of these actors having happened to make two very popular horror movies , because there is absolutely no spark of greatness from either in this movie.Nicholson 's Duvalier is not only wooden , but also a very unlikable character . He 's intrusive , arrogant , nosey . He spends the majority of the movie skulking around Castle von Leppe , going through rooms , searching every corner and cranny , even refusing to leave when he 's ordered to -- TWICE!And the dialogue these people spout . Sweet Christmas!Here 's an excerpt I took from IMDB between Duvalier and Helene : Helene
 The Terror -LRB- Roger Corman , 1963 -RRB- Corman and his uncredited team of co-directors -LRB- among them both Francis Ford Coppola and Jack Nicholson -RRB- came up with one of Corman 's -LRB- relatively -RRB- strongest movies here , pitting Nicholson and Boris Karloff against one another over the affections of Sandra Knight . Do n't get me wrong , in many ways this movie is as terrible as anything Corman ever churned out , but at least it 's jam-packed with atmosphere and scenery-chewing . Filmed just after Corman finished The Raven -LRB- he had five free days that had been budgeted for that one -RRB- , Corman and his principal cast and crew knocked this one out , in Hollywood terms , overnight.The plot concerns one Andre Duvalier -LRB- Nicholson -RRB- , separated from his regiment , who seeks shelter in a small house for the night after running into a lovely young woman who calls herself Helene -LRB- Knight -RRB- down by the sea . She drops hints that she can be found at the castle of Baron von Leppe -LRB- Karloff -RRB- , and when Duvalier rides that way , he spies her in a window . Duvalier demands admittance , and the game is on
 The Terror -LRB- Roger Corman , 1963 -RRB- Corman and his uncredited team of co-directors -LRB- among them both Francis Ford Coppola and Jack Nicholson -RRB- came up with one of Corman 's -LRB- relatively -RRB- strongest movies here , pitting Nicholson and Boris Karloff against one another over the affections of Sandra Knight . Do n't get me wrong , in many ways this movie is as terrible as anything Corman ever churned out , but at least it 's jam-packed with atmosphere and scenery-chewing . Filmed just after Corman finished The Raven -LRB- he had five free days that had been budgeted for that one -RRB- , Corman and his principal cast and crew knocked this out , in Hollywood terms , overnight.The plot concerns one Andre Duvalier -LRB- Nicholson -RRB- , separated from his regiment , who seeks shelter in a small house for the night after running into a lovely young woman who calls herself Helene -LRB- Knight -RRB- down by the sea . She drops hints that she can be found at the castle of Baron von Leppe -LRB- Karloff -RRB- , and when Duvalier rides that way , he spies her in a window . Duvalier demands admittance , and the game is on
 No wonder there are no reviews made . I saw it on tv yesterday . It was terrible . It had a disgustingly simple plot . -LRB- One of the things I hate most in a movie or novel -RRB- The locale was far from being scary.By the way , I am a Jack Nicholson fan . -LRB- He was awesome as ever ! -RRB- His existence was the only thing that kept me from turning off the tv . Well , worst vice is advice but please take it . Do not even bother to check out the details on the net.PS.This is the first film that I 've seen directed by Roger Corman . I will buy his book on making movies in Hollywood and never losing a dime.If his other movies are directed in the same manner that wo n't be a surprise for me . -LRB- But you never know ! -RRB-
 WARNING to anyone thinking of purchasing the D-Vision DVD edition of THE TERROR
 This product is really overpriced . I bought the whole 4 dvd of the isshin ryu karate system and I was totally deceived . All in all , a very superficial work
 In a nutshell , the actors were good , the filming was good , but the story was not much different than what happens everyday with Mexicans crossing into ht US illegally . What I hated about this movie was the part about the mother and father abandoning their small children to seek a better life in Switzerland . And I HATED the ending . The only redeeming character was the Swiss nurse . For entertainment , I prefer the Sound of Music . At least it has a happy ending .
 I have a small confession to make . I did not watch this film in it 's entirity . 57 minutes into my descent toward death I managed to drag myself from the room by my left index finger , - the only part of my body able to survive the overwhelming physical depression . As I lay in the hallway willing my body back into action , I considered the possible motives anyone would have for inflicting this monstrosity upon the world . I came up with nothing , save the notion that some idiot somewhere thought that a bit of slow-motion jousting was a good enough premise for an entire film.This film is ` nt just bad , it 's debilitatingly naff . You wo n't laugh , you wo n't cry , you wo n't be scared , you 'll just be perpetualy bewildered for many weeks to come . I still wake up at night asking `` why ? `` Avoid .
 This movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever . Usually , a truly abhorrent film offers at least some opportunity for entertainment , by either laughing at its stupidity or poking fun at it Mystery Science Theater style . Not A Knight 's Tale . There is n't anything resembling plot continuity . The anachronisms are incredibly awful ... you can not suspend disbelief enough to actually accept these things happening . What 's worse is the fact that the attempts at humor fall flat as well . The only redeeming qualituy this film has is an attractive cast , but eye candy is n't nearly enough to save it.Don ' t waste your time . I know I wish I had n't .
 I ca n't beleive people went to theatres to see this abomination . I was forced to watch it to begin with and only stayed to finish it because of a morbid sense of curiosity that kept me watching to see how bad it could get .
 That 's a little more candid than I usually am , but `` A Knight 's Tale '' really got my goat , I 'm afraid . I saw it along with my equally `` AK ` sT '' hating sister at a preview SONY held before the movie was released.Other reviewers have commented about the anachronistic soundtrack and how delightful they found it , but it only annoyed me . Silly me -LRB- and sis -RRB- had come to see an authentic treatment of knights and pageants and got this unholy mess instead . Sis was particularly incensed at the buffoonish portrayal of Geoffrey Chaucer served up . That did n't have quite the resonance for me , but everyone has their issues , I guess . I was more ticked off at the stupid love interest woman who clearly thought she was `` all that '' , and like all who entertain such ideas about themselves , she really was n't . Why did n't they have Heath get together with the woman smithy who was making his groovy armor ? They could 've saved a salary and done something with the one truly interesting character at the same time.This is a movie you really have to WANT to see ; otherwise you 'll be wroth !
 The music in this one really puts you off the mood . Jousting and rock-n-roll just do n't feel right together .
 That it was Heath Ledger 's twin brother Heath BAR in this movie.I hated the `` new found '' rock music they played to try to upscale the movie . I probably would have liked this so much better if they 'd stuck with more ... periodic music.By far the most amusing and most fun was Heath 's would-be harald most of the time naked companion.Overall I wish this had been a much better movie .
 Without a doubt one of THE worst movies I have seen in a long time.I do not know if it was the horrific acting , horrific script or terrible direction or maybe a combination of all three.Do not waste your time and money . I saw that it received okay to good reviews so I decided to see it ... BIG mistake . There was a scandal shortly after this movie came out . Reviewers were receiving favored treatment , gifts and other perks in return for positive reviews.This explains it ! 3 wormEY rotten apples ... eck :-LRB- eck : o eck ; -LRB-
 Now I can forgive all the historical inaccuracies in this movie -LRB- and there were many -RRB- but what I can not forgive is the vacuous plot that frankly came across as if having been written on the back of a Starbucks napkin minutes before shooting on day one.Ledger seems a decent actor but here he was trying to hold this abomination together almost single-handed and failed miserably . As I mentioned , the plot was so obvious , I felt like maybe they producers had stumbled across one of my 4th grade essays and cribbed the movie from that . The acting , bar Ledger , was pretty ropey and the whole hi-hi-hilariousness of the movie failed miserably.A pleasant watch for teens and impressionable young women I 'm sure .
 Based on the current rating of this movie by others -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- , I must have been watching a completely different movie . He Will Rock You ? Here is a rare case of a soundtrack ruining a movie . Left on their own , the songs are great , I like Queen as much as the next gal . I should n't blame how much this movie sucks all on the music , the movie is chock full of lame dialogue , a cheesy and predictable plot and an unlikeable princess who is bitchy and useless , I only wish she 'd died somewhere along the way . The only saving grace to this movie is the inclusion of James Purefoy , but get out your magnifying glass ... his role is microscopic .
 P.U. !!! OK , the obvious thing is the horrible idea of using rock music as a soundtrack for a period movie . It is such a ridiculous and horrible idea that it 's hard to imagine anybody actually going along with it . Did the direcor have nobody to discuss these things with ? But the rest of the film is actually so bad that the crappy choice of music does n't really stand out the way you 'd expect it to.I 'm granting the single star here for Rufus Sewel who was put to much better use in Dark City . This movie might do to the cinematic knight what Don Quixote did to all those literary tales of knight errantry , i.e. kill it dead as a stone.If you see this movie in your local rental outlet , turn around and walk away quickly . It really is that bad .
 How could a movie with a brilliant cast , a great soundtrack , beautiful scenery and exciting action end up being quite dissapointing . Easy . I do n't know whose fault it is , but this movie can never decide if it wants to be a comedy or a drama and therefore fails at being both.The movie begins with Heath Ledger taking the place of a knight in a joust . The crowd begins chanting `` We will Rock You '' , and instantly you know this is going to be a different kind of movie.I 'm now prepared for a comedy , a different take on movies such as Gladiator and Robin Hood . Heath Ledger 's friends -LRB- including a young Geoffrey Chaucer -RRB- provide a lot of the humor and keep the laughs coming.Then the standard plot takes over with Ledger battling another knight for the affections of a girl -LRB- who is supposed to be some sort of royalty . -RRB- The girl ends up attending all of the jousts and Ledger wins her over . But the other knight is still his main rival and the movie concludes with them jousting to see who will win.This part of the movie turns into a drama . Ledger returns to London to find his father and then people discover he is n't a knight . Nothing is played for laughs here , and the sentimentality goes overboard.Then the final jousting scene occurs and it is nothing like the many scenes early in the movie . Nothing is done for laughs and there are no rousing intros by Chauser or crowds chanting modern day rock songs . Instead the focus is between Ledger and his rival Knight.Somewhere about two thirds through the movie , it quit being funny and started being serious . The movie lost me there because I did n't want it to be serious . I wanted it to be clever and funny like the first parts of the movie .
 Obviously , this movie is not meant as a strict period piece . So , I sort of can deal with the rock music . I can not , however , deal with the heroine Jocelyn . She is annoying at best . I have to agree with other reviewers , she does n't fit at all in the movie . Maybe if they had changed her hair , her clothing , her mannerisms . Just change something . Kate was much more interesting and no where near as strange .
 The film is a tale of three squires whose master dies prior to a joust that brings them their food and shelter . In order to to have food for the evening they decide that the youngest of them , whom has some talent , should joust and bring home a prize for food . This escalates and with the help of an unheard of writer they counterfeit family tree papers , which gives them the right to continue jousting and build wealth . Knight 's Tale is neither drama , comedy , or satire , since it uses all of these aspects to sell humor , morals , and values . Unfortunately , the value of the story vanishes when these three genres conflict with each other making one laugh at the film rather than the parody in the film .
 This is a movie that could have been extremely entertaining , but all its potential is totally destroyed by the lousy choice of female actors . No , let me rephrase
 This is a rather pleasant film set in a non existant fairy tale world . It features the Black Prince and Chaucer as characters but has nothing to do with history as we know it . The action takes place around jousting tournaments which give out large prizes . It is a sporting story transposed back into an ancient time.Our hero is a peasant who after the unexpected death of his boss a real knight dons his armour to win a tournament . He decides to try to make a living out of it . He runs into Geoffery Chaucer who he pays to fake a aristocrat background . -LRB- Only the nobs can compete -RRB- The main plot of the film is based around a rivalry between the hero played by Heath Ledger and a villian with a German name . Bound up in the rivalary over who is the best at jousting is a desire to wed the female lead.The film is strange the way it interweaves pop music and jousting performances and the female lead who dresses in contempory clothing . Still the themes of the film , a work ethic is more important than where you are born , and its good to be loyal to family are harmless enough.But its hard to take that a woman could be a blacksmith in the time period suggested or that the heroine would be allowed the indepandance that she is in this film .
 I notice the other Amazon reviews are high on this film . I wish I could say my opinion were as high of it . I found it flat throughout and I ca n't say that Heath Ledger , who I 'd heard was the next big leading man in the movies , did anything for me either . The rock music set to the medieval setting was good and the Chaucer character was a very good one and interesting to watch -LRB- a supporting role -RRB- . Rufus Sewell also made an interesting villain . However , those are the only virtues I could find in this action adventure yarn set in the medieval jousting world . If you are looking for a knockout script and knockout acting , look elsewhere .
 This movie ai n't too good . I have a multitude of problems with it . Heath Ledger is a peasant who worms his way into the knight class and is suddenly an unstoppable jouster after practicing really hard for only a month . By beating everyone who comes in his path he is sure to make his mark in the tournament championship.The jousting scenes are nicely done and shot , but there 's an endless amount of them ! One after another after another . A third of the film 's running time would be cut out if they only gave us a streamlined version . It gets tiring seeing the same joust situation over and over again.Another gripe of mine is that I thought this movie was supposed to have a level of campy humor . It might have , but I did n't see it . There are as many `` funny '' lines as I have fingers on my hands . There 's too few lines of humor to make it campy so it 's pulled back into a mediocre drama.The characters are n't much to care for either , especially Heath Ledger 's romantic interest . She 's royalty and thus is to wrapped up in herself . She 's too cold for the audience to like.There might be some entertainment for some groups in this . A positive to this movie is in the skill the jousts are executed , but besides a swordfight , those are the only action scenes in the movie and they get old real fast . Too much style , not enough plot or character development .
 I do n't know when I 've seen a worse movie ... the combination of classic rock and poor acting was at best horrific ! I stayed through the entire movie , but it was about as painful as a day at the dentist in medival times . Wait until this movie comes out on cable ... do n't waste your money or time .
 I watched this terrible movie on the recommendation of a friend , recently . As soon as I heard the music of Queen , I knew that I was about to be subjected to a slice of dumbed down unfunny Pop culture schlock.I would n't be surprised if Aussie thesp , Heath Ledger , prudently leaves this dud off his resum&eacute; . I would n't blame him , either ! However , he did make `` Two Hands '' and on the strength of that film alone , he deserves our respect .
 I just got back from seeing this terrible , terrible movie and felt the need to share my feelings in a review . Nothing about this movie was enjoyable . From the opening scene with the crowd of the jousting match singing We Will Rock You , I knew I was in trouble . There should surely be a rule about using 70s rock anthems in movies about jousting that are set before 1970 , or for any movies about jousting . I now understand why there have been so few jousting movies out , because it 's boring . Once you see one person get knocked off their horse , you 've seen it all . This movie is acted horribly , written horribly , and directed horribly . Save your money and go buy a best of 70s Rock compilation album instead .
 `` A Knight 's Tale '' is reasonably entertaining as a pseudo-postmodern story , but it never overcomes its main problem.The movie tells us that William wants to become something other than a peasant -LRB- and inherent in the class system is the assumption that if he is n't a peasant or artisan then he must be a noble -RRB- , but it apparently has n't occurred to anyone -LRB- writer , director , producer , etc. -RRB- that he does n't actually want to become a * knight * -- knights rode off on Crusades and died in battle and were responsible for the oversight and taxation of people like William and his friends . What William wants to achieve has nothing to do with honor.No , William wants to be a star.Wrap a thick layer of honor-speak around this and it becomes a bit much.The music is fun . The anachronisms are fun . Watching Chaucer introduce Sir Ulrich as though he were WWF fodder is fun.But in the end , there just is n't enough fun to hide the empty core of the film.When his squires rouse William 's ire against an opponent by mentioning the opponent 's excesses and crimes against the peasantry , William knocks the man from his horse . Go William ! That 'll show him to be fair to his servants!Inexplicably , William turns his righteous anger against Jocelyn and her lifestyle while still unable to see the hypocrisy of his own choices . Her riposte is memorable , almost as if the screenwriter was letting us in on what he was unconsciously thinking about the story.Watch it for grins and Heath Ledger -LRB- if you like somewhat vacuous blonde men -RRB- . But that 's about it .
 This movie is awful . Implausible does not bother me . A few anachronisms can even be appreciated . But this movie goes beyond the pale with music from 1970 's rock bands and the characters clapping in time.Maybe it got better . I walked out after the first 15 agonizing minutes . Fortunately the theater let my wife I swap tickets to see the `` The Mummy Returns . `` If you like the Hercules TV series , you might like this movie . But wait until it goes to video .
 An idiotic film about the Middle Ages set at the pace of modern music , fashion , and values . The fashion and mannerisms are as far off from reflecting the period as the music ; why bother making a movie about that time then ? For this genre , I prefer silly films such as ` Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure ' which never pretend to be anything else than absurd . This is a film more suited for those of infantile dispositions rather than children proper .
 Poorly directed , poorly acted , and a poor story . The Knight 's Tale tries to be something for everyone and ends up falling flat on its face . From the overdone opening scene to the anti-climactic ending , it is boring and predictable . And LONG.It 's a pity , because it could have been a really good movie . I do n't buy the idea that a basically untutored peasant could consistently defeat knights with years of training . And I do n't buy the idea that a couple of other peasants could train him to fight effectively - especially not after a single month of training . Sure , maybe he might win one or two bouts , but to be basically undefeated ? Puh-leeeze ! The worst flaw , though , was the ending . Consider . This dude has just taken a lance point in the shoulder . His arm is so weak that he has to have his lance strapped to his hand for the final pass . Then , after he unhorses his opponent -LRB- predictably -RRB- , he lightly vaults over a fence and hugs his lady - I guess defeating his arch-rival healed his shoulder?Save your money ! Heath Ledger may be a hunk - I 'm no judge of male pulchritude - but he showed no talent for acting in this piece of dross .
 This is a movie that disappoints . The ... reviewer incomprehensibly refers to director Brian Helgeland 's first movie -LRB- Payback w / Mel Gibson -RRB- as bad compared with this . Payback is n't a four star movie by any means , but it was at least clever and original . This movie is utterly predictable at every turn . Every character is one-dimensional and entirely unbelievable . The biggest twist in the movie comes at the end when it is revealed that the main character 's lifelong friends do n't care whether he dies . `` Oh , you wa n't to joust without armor ? Okay . Go ahead . I see no reason to argue . I mean what possible harm could a staff do if it is thrust into your chest or head by somebody who has it anchored to a horse in a full run ? Yes , well , go ahead then . `` First Ledger 's character is described as having no technique -LRB- at jousting -RRB- and then , maybe a month later , is described as absolutely unbeatable . Bear in mind he is jousting in the world championship with people that have trained their whole lives to do nothing but joust professionally.Speaking of the jousts -- this is a movie about jousting . The audience gets the chance to watch about 45 minutes worth of virtually identical runs down a center divide on a horse with people getting hit with sticks . We also get to watch white flags be put up over and over again . I can not stress enough how little variety can be added to jousting matches to make them watchable on screen over and over and over , etc. . . The love story is ridiculous and never once conveys any true feelings . Heath sees the pretty girl . Heath 's charms begin to win girl . Heath , for no reason ever even hinted at in the movie , begins yelling multiple insults at point-blank range to the girl he has been absolutely infatuated with since he first saw her and she storms away crying.Now the movie is set up for Heath to win her back . This is where the film get 's romantic . The girl asks Heath to sit on his horse and do nothing while one after another javelin are rammed into his chest by charging knights on horses . Heath is nearly killed while the girl watches-cringing/grinning the whole time . He is in such bad shape after doing as he is asked by his love interest that when she sees him she thinks he is in danger of dying , then he makes love to her.senseless ...
 Okay , what are the people who gave this atrocity of a movie five stars thinking ? If I could give this movie no stars or negative stars I gladly would . Which horrible flaw to start with ... ah yes the terrible script . What is not cliche is schmaltzy crap not even worthy of a soap opera script . I believe I could have written a better movie at the age of seven . The entire plot was so predictable this is possibly the most unoriginal movie I have ever seen . Lifeless scenes are confusing with little to no adaquete transitions . Characters are shallow and thinnly developed . The historical innacuracies make one want to weep . A peasant would never be able to rise to knighthood and the fact that he fools everybody throughout most of the film is questionable at best . The rock music , though enjoyable , makes you question how seriously you should be taking this movie . The disco dancing was completely distracting and did not fit at all with the rest of the movie . The anachronisms were so sporadic they made the rest of the movie seem ludicrous even when it was trying to be taken seriously . That was a huge tone problem . And lastly , what the heck is up with the heroine 's hair ? The hairstyles are so utterly ridiculous that after a certain point laughing at them was the only entertainment in this movie . This is definitely two hours and ten minutes of my life I want back , so anyone claiming that young impressionable women like this film are disgustingly sexist .
 A lot of people seem to like this movie . I ca n't help but go against the grain here . As an action movie , it seems entertaining enough . As an historical action film , it left me feeling cheated.The primary reviewer here said
 This is a great movie full of fun , humor and a little romance ! The Blu-ray edition has NONE of the special features from the regular DVD releases . Not only is this NOT the extended cut , it does n't even offer the deleted scenes on a special features menu . In fact there is NO special features menu . I 've noticed this issue on a lot of Blu-ray releases . Sure you get the better looking film but no interviews , no commentary , no deleted scenes . Nothing . I am so disappointed in this release . I will be getting rid of it and going back to my regular DVD and researching the Blu-rays before purchasing . They are absolutely NOT worth it if you do n't get any special features . How sad ! Boo on the studio that did this .
 this movie is so bad . i never inteneded on seeing more than an occasional preview on tV of this , but somebody brought it to my friend 's party and evryone just HAD TO watch it . Heath Ledger is ugly , and the fact that that stuck up brat Jocelyn was wearing bright yellow dresses and sporting blue hair extensions certainly didnt add any authenticity to it . Oh and then , AND THEN ! `` We will rock you '' comes on and wow , I 'm really sucked into the story , its just soo ... MIDEIVIL ! I almost hate to tell you about Chaucer , the only amusing thing in this boring bleh of a movie . Chaucer 's gambling habits make him lose his clothes to gypsies , twice ! he is funny , but not enough of a consolation to watch this peice of garbage .
 A Knight 's Tale will go down in theatrical history as one of the worst films ever made , earning a spot next to Ishtar!While the predictable script is bad enough it is accompanied by a modern soundtrack that deviates from the era in which is suppose to be portrayed . Also the wearing of modern clothes by the princess detracts from the essence of being a princess.This movie was so bad , that if I were n't at a drive-in , waiting to see the other feature , I would have left.SAVE YOUR MONEY ! DO N'T SEE THIS MOVIE !
 I expected this to be pretty bad , but when i had first heard that Heath Ledger was doing a Knight 's Tale i had high hopes of something worthy of the screen . My stomach lurched when i saw the first trailer with `` We Will Rock You '' and other rock songs . Now , an era movie with modern rock music is bad enough , but it got much much worse . The Rock music was n't merely a sound track but supposedly music of the time period and the characters dance , sing and clap to it ! The opening of the movie pretty much set the tone for me , villagers and peasants of medieval times `` rocking '' . What is the point of setting this in that time period if the aspects of such a time are n't respected ?? The costumes were outragious and completely wrong for the basic time period -LRB- see through gauze dresses for the leading lady , impossible hair styles for the times , etc -RRB- . We are talking about a time when a christian woman must be modest and decently covered . No ankles showing , hair covered etc. . Either do the movie as a proper `` historic '' type of fiction or bring it completely to modern times and have the jousting in the SCA tournaments.The ONLY redeeming virtue of this film was the jousting scenes which were fun to watch and which they actually did some research and training for . The villian was , of course , too good for the movie . . i can only hope the actor had no idea what he was getting into . He was great in Dangerous Beauty.It 's pretty sad , but I enjoyed Ten Things I Hate About You when i saw it on DVD because i had refused to see what i thought of as a `` teeny bopper '' movie when it came to theatres . I did the opposite with this film , which was nothing but a total waste of time . Though i would n't have minded so much if it was just purely jousting scenes with all the other nonesense cut out!I gave this 1 star for the jousting ... and that is it . The plot , the characters , custumes were a joke.Basically if you want to watch Heath 's pretty face go ahead and buy this movie , if you are a `` purist '' or know one thing about medieval times do n't even bother , you will get frustrated and bored . If they come out with a `` jousting clips '' DVD , sign me up!Sorry , Heath , I hope you do n't disappoint me next time .
 In `` A Knight 's Tale '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- director Brian Helgeland has attempted to transport the Medieval world of jousting into a modernized context that a 21st century audience will recognize and understand . For a post-literate , modern Western culture the complexities of Western medieval society and culture and , more specifically , the joust , make Helgeland 's efforts daring , almost fool-hardy . Yet , initially , Helgeland appears up to the mark . He appropriately portrays jousting as the sporting event of Western medieval society . Not that there were not other equally popular sports -LRB- e.g. hunting ; wrestling and boxing ; horse racing ; football -LRB- soccer -RRB- ; lacrosse and hockey ; tennis -RRB- , but there are few correlations between 21st century Western sporting events and the panoply of the medieval joust . Attempting to bridge the historical gap between that world and modern society , Helgeland adopted the symbolism of the modern-day arena . Fans are boistrous , beer guzzlers , with an exuberant few foregoing shirts and painting their faces . Instead of the medieval fanfare with its archaic styles and melodies , Helgeland supplies a more comforting musical style for his audience - 20th century rock music - which sets the stage for the mock-combat about to take place . Modern catcalls and insults used by the secondary cast put the screen-side audience at ease , supplanting the foreign gestures and period insults that would likely only confuse viewers . Finally , the complexities of the joust are conveniently minimized to the requirement to be a noble-born knight and the scoring of points by either breaking a lance or unhorsing an opponent . Helgeland arguably does a good job of trying to modernize the jousting tourney to modern sensibilities ; however , his modern tale fails in several ways.Following the all-too-familiar Hollywood model , Helgeland 's medieval Church is portrayed as greedy , oppressive , insensitive , manipulative , and power-crazed . Priests are caricatured as either benign fools or malignant misers . In the film the Church plays no important role in the cause of the protagonist , except as a critic of his behavior -LRB- e.g. when the protagonist brings his horse into the sanctuary ; when he interrupts a worship service with his conversations -RRB- . Further , the Church has no important role in the spiritual guidance of the protagonist - or anyone else for that matter . Finally , the desecration of Church property and disturbance of clerical services are not viewed with an understanding of the higher principles of property ownership , divine authority , and worship , but are awkwardly used to humiliate the protagonist , browbeat the clergy , and vilify the antagonist.Another victim of Helgeland 's plot is the Bible . Biblical accounts are typecast as weird tales , whose meaning is - at best - cryptic . In order to handle the unexplained meaning of biblical passages , the protagonist chooses to make up his own `` better '' story that simply spirals into a meaningless spiritualism as a way to woo a woman to bed . To make matters worse , the Biblical passages that are used are historical and taken completely out of context , so that the protagonist can butcher and force them into his horrible love poetry . This is quite sad given that actual , quite racy , love poetry abounds in the Song of Solomon.A third casualty in Helgeland 's film is Christian chivalry . Historically , chivalry was a moral virtue taught by the patriarchal leadership of Western feudal society and the Church . The Church passed many laws that encouraged chivalric behavior and that defined chivalry as a Christian virtue . Thus , to be chivalrous meant one was a Christian knight . In the film , however , Helgeland has created a moral training vacuum through the combined emasculation of the protagonist 's father and the Church and the removal of the protagonist 's liege . This vacuum forced Helgeland to invent his own code of conduct for his protagonist . Helgeland 's `` chivalry '' begins in the spirit of the 19th and 20th century romantic novel , where martial skills and ability , in this case skill with a lance , proves more important than chivalric virtue and the purity of Christian knighthood . As the film progresses , this romantic machismo is eventually replaced by a modern feminism that denies the need for chivalric knights , while at the same time , demands that knights somehow be good . As a result , Christianity and knighthood are falsely portrayed as opposites in the story , and chivalry is torn from its historical foundation and twisted into a revisionist mold that distorts and nullifies its meaning and value.Finally , Feudalistic society as a whole is viewed through a distorted modernist lens . Lords are categorically attacked for levying harsh taxes and are criticized for have a lifestyle of oppressive opulence . In contrast , commoners are praised for being hard workers who - anachronistically - pursue the American Dream , whereby anyone can change his destiny . Patriarchal leadership , an important feature of Western feudal society , is seen as unimportant and an obstacle for the youth who seeks success . Likewise , marriage for love is given heavy countenance instead of the more period-correct parental-approved or arranged marriages . By their sheer absence , these parental-condoned covenants are silently attacked as being loveless arrangements that promote male dominance and are an anathema to a productive Western society.Thus , despite his best efforts , Helgeland 's `` A Knight 's Tale '' proves to be a failure . Rather than the Middle Ages being transported into a modern-day context , Helgeland 's 21st century convictions only allow him to present a story that has far more in common with `` The Fast and the Furious '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- than it does with the medieval Christian knight . Those with an interest in medieval Christian chivalry and the world of jousting should consider the following : Maxims of Christian ChivalryA Booklet of Comfort for the Sick & on the Christian Knight -LRB- Theology and Piety -RRB- Book of Knighthood and Chivalry
 This blu-ray has a excellent quality video , colors , light , contrast ... but the film itself is for children ...
 Some folks will try just about anything to get people to come to the movies . `` A Knight 's Tale '' is a case in point . In this latest attempt to fill seats and make money , a Medieval setting featuring several jousting tournaments -LRB- including the world championship -RRB- is accented by a soundtrack that mixes an original Medieval-type score with , of all things , classic rock . To some , that may seem like a fresh and exciting twist , but to me at least , it only serves to bury this already-laughable flick even deeper . In my opinion , the movie itself was n't even all that great ; the plot is pretty much as simple as it gets -LRB- the whole story 's in the trailers ! -RRB- , the dialogue was pretty much ripped from an episode of `` Xena '' , the action was bordering on just plain goofy -LRB- although I did actually flinch at several of the lance shots these guys were taking -RRB- , and , of course , the soundtrack -LRB- do n't even get me started -RRB- . Strangely , though , it seemed that every time this flick fell on its face , something would happen that almost redeemed it . It was pretty much a rollercoaster for the emotions , actually ; I groaned , I laughed , I flinched ... all told , though , the groans were more frequent than anything else , and between that and looking at my watch at least twice during the movie , it makes a good summary for how it turned out . Medieval `` purists '' will probably be insulted by this flick , but a few action fans might get a kick out of it . Far as me , it was definitely not the best eight bucks I ever spent . I might as well have stopped at the trailer .
 Ok maybe it is just me , but this film had the potential to be great . Especially with the budget it was given . Classic rock had no business being in a film like this . Especially in the beginning with the spectators singing along . Plus there sounded as if there was a jukebox in the French pub . Not to mention some of the Gen X fashions and hair styles that were worn . You make your own judgment but was very unbelievable for the period they were portraying .
 Absolute ... the director seems to have been trying for a blend of medieval and modern culture which worked VERY badly . Also , bad plot , unlikable heroine.One star earned by the fact the Heath Ledger was quite astonishingly good looking in armour and growled at people a lot . A further star earned by Chaucer , who was really quite amusing.However , neither of these things will convince me to buy it .
 A Knight 's Tale starts of in the Mid-evil times , right ? -LRB- I ca n't spell -RRB- Okay , gotcha . La la la , okay we see these guys jabbing eachother , good plot so far , wait ! WAIT ! Go back ! Why are they singing `` We will rock you '' in the Mid-evil times ?! Yes ! There singing it ! And they even have an electric guitar with it ! Anyway , there 's my first one . Okay , now we go on . This guys going on in place of this other dude , and they 're lying about it and no one knows . Let 's call this secret-replacement guy # 1 . Okay fine . . So , he makes it to the chamionships . One person suspects he 's a fake so far , let 's call him # 2 . So , when he goes to this party , # 2 says , `` So , # 1 , can you show us a folk dance ? '' # 2 thinks he can stump him . # 1 gets stuck . Then a girl who they consider , `` Ugly '' -LRB- Let 's call her that -RRB- helps him out . So then they start a slow dance , fine . THEN OUT O ' THE GREAT BLUE , THEY START BREAK DANCING ! YES ! SPINNING ON THEIR HEADS , DOING BACK-FLIPS , ECT ! Finishing my summary , they play THE BOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN and all that ect . Then UGLY wheres skimpier clothes every time . Sorry If this is confusing ! But at the end he beat everyone but ! , he was never sorry for the lie he made in the beggining ! I know , my review might be more confusing than the movie , but what I write here is pretty much the most . Thanx 4 reading this anyhow .
 How could anyone have sat through this entire movie ? The thing that I ca n't believe is that people are rating it as being a good movie . Did you actually see it ? I think for me what ruined it the most was the soundtrack . What a horrible selection of music to play for a `` midevil '' movie . Was it midevil or was it midevil/21st century/terrible . Their verbiage , forgive me if I quote it incorrectly , but there is a scene where the main character has to fix his armor and the blacksmiths tell him , `` You have to pay CASH first before we fix it . '' CASH ?! They might as well have asked him for his ATM card.And then the ballroom dance ! Do I even have to go there . That is when I walked out of the movie theater . Just do n't waste your money people . Please . You will lose braincells watching this movie .
 What was Heath Ledger thinking when he decided to participate in this movie ? Was Rufus Sewall perhaps high when he read this script ? I 'll put aside most of my objections too the extreme historical inaccuracies in this movie because they were clearly intentional . Afterall one can not accidentally have a scene in medieval France where the spectators sing `` we will rock you '' . You have to be going for a certain style , no matter how painful that style happens to be.The costumes and makeup seemed really excellent and accurate next Shannyn Sossamon 's stiff and extremely unsympathetic potrayal of William Thatcher 's love interest Jocelyn . Jocelyn is herself sadistic , annoying , a bad dresser , and just not that pretty . In every scene her clothing gets more bizarre and increasingly becomes something that no one , in any era , would or should wear . In my opinion , anyone with any pretention to taste would have dumped Jocelyn by the wayside for the much more interesting Kate or even Jocelyn 's servant/messanger girl . Why waste your time on a girl with no good qualities?Every scene involving William 's father is cheap , each one more pathetic than the last . William 's father sends young William away so he can fufill his dream of becoming a knight . When he returns home he finds his loving father blind and alone . Finally father comes just in time to support his dear son during Will 's most important match . God , ca n't you just see the tears welling up in my eyes.If this movie has any redeeming qualities , and all movies do , it 's Paul Bettany 's fun portrayal of Jeffrey Chaucer . This Chaucer is a compulsive gambler as well as a writer and WWF style announcer . He gets maximum points for clever banter while completely naked.All around , A Knight 's Tale is an extremely hurtful movie with occasional bright spots . Please skip it no matter how much you like Heath Ledger .
 I am not a teenage girl , and I do n't swoon over Heath Ledger . If you are in the same situation , then bring a pillow to Knight 's Tale , or better yet do n't see it . The `` hip '' setting of this movie hardly makes it revolutionary , or even good . The plot is completely scatter-brained , often makes no sense , and is obnoxiously repetitive . Really , there must be 50 jousting scenes and the all are exactly the same . Movie also includes the worst villian ever ; his dialog is stupid , trite , and over-the-top . The final battle includes a stare down between him and Heath that goes back and forth for what seems an eternity . But perhaps the dumbest part of the whole show is the overly dramatic , unrealistic , and very forgettable romance between Heath and the princess . Do not see this movie unless you enjoy putting yourself through agony .
 This film is a foolish comedy and should not be taken seriously . Firstly I am interested to know what period in history this film is supposed to be set ? I was a bit confused due by the fact the music score was 70s rock , the architecture was Tudor , there was a female blacksmith , Heath 's armour had a Nike symbol , Jocelyn 's costumes ranged from 1930s hats and dresses to 1990s evening gowns , everyone had modern hairstyles and all the peasants had perfect teeth . Besides this the actors/models were quite annoying especially the hokey swordsman Heath Ledger who had a fair bit of difficulty delivering the teeny-bopper dialogue and Shannyn Sossamon -LRB- I did n't know there were sun tanned Hawaiian woman with American accents in England during the Medievil period ! -RRB- was she was supposed to be a Spanish princess ? To add insult to injury the poor actor who played Chaucer sounded like a dunken fool at the local bar spouting modern colloquial sayings whilst swigging a pint . Maybe it 's all a joke but the movie just came across as a blatant attempt to make alot of money and impress 16 year old girls.This film is an absolute clunker , I suggest ` Robin Hood Men in Tights ' which is a far superior and enjoyable film !
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Heath Ledger , as a lead actor , is terrible . In fact , all the actors in this movie are extremely bad . The story is poor and ridiculous . On the other side , if it had not been for a movie like this one , we would not be able to fully appreciate a good movie . Therefore , take my advice - do not rent this movie ! It goes without saying that this movie deserves much criticism as there are many flaws and shortcomings . In conclusion , if you see this movie I can assure you that you will be disappointed .
 As the movie starts out , you ca n't stop but to notice to hard-rock music of Queen 's `` We Will Rock You . '' People are clapping/stomping to hard-rock and doing `` the wave '' in the stands . I guess this was where `` the wave '' was discovered . That threw me off already . I thought this would be like something of Camelot calibur . This movie is a slop job . The only bright thing of this movie is the character Geoffery Chaucer . Unlike anything from his , Cantebury Tales , this movie stands pretty low .
 Remember Rocky ? The original ? The Academy Award winning film about a wrong-side-of-the-tracks pugilist given a million-to-one shot at fame and glory?Now imagine that film set medieval times . With inferior acting . And poor casting -LRB- that was an ENGLISH princess ? -RRB- . And glossy production values . And no heart.This movie could have been really funny if played strictly for comedy ... if it laughed at itself more . Unfortunately , it takes itself too seriously too often ; not all the time , but enough to repeatedly insult the intelligence of the audience . It takes a monumental effort towards the suspension of disbelief to stomach this movie ... even just to play along.David Bowie 's `` Golden Years '' is forever sullied . `` We Will Rock You ? '' ... yikes!Adriaanne !
 This movie was just straight out horrible . It was so unrealistic that I thought that Star wars was way more realistic . This movie -LSB- was bad -RSB- . Heres the reasons why below :1 . They combined hard rock . C'mone , QUEEN PLAYING WE WILL ROCK YOU IN MEDIEVIL DAYS ?!?!?! ARE THESE PEOPLE INSANE ?!?!?! 2 . The hairstyles , -LRB- Such as the queen whatever her name is -RRB- Had a weird style which could ONLY BE DONE WITH HAIRSPRAY OR MOOSE ! They did n't have that back in the old days .3 . The actors were horrible . I think all of them were each talentless .4 . Everybody was clean shaven . Oh yeah , a lot of people were clean shaven back in those days . I 'm being sarcastic here . Nobody was clean shaven in those days .5 . The blacksmith created a Nike symbol . Oh yeah , nike . Listen , Nike was considered a god in the mythological days , and the swoosh symbol of Nike was in there too . Then , the shoe company took up the symbol and the name and the shoes became a bestseller . No blacksmith created the nike symbol .6 . The characters were so unrealistic that It 's unbelievable .7 . The main actor , Keith whatever , is no talent and he is a pretty boy . He has no acting skills and the parts where he 's trying to be dramatic is just laughable ! 8 . The story was predictable , and not to mention shallow .9 . I think that whoever made this movie , what company or what not , was probably just desperate for money . The props were cheap and the acters were horrible , the story was , by all means , easy to reject and to hate .10 . The chances of seeing this movie ? NEVER . It was boring beyond belief .11 . It 's a movie that 's really embarrasing to own , I 'm sure , and I 'm thankful I do n't have it .12 . The parts that are supposed to be comedic are just dull and not in any way laughable .13 . This is not a good romantic swashbuckling adventure . I expected some good stuff in a fantasy , much like the old conan movies with Arnold . They did n't do that , cuz whoever wrote the script ca n't write for dirt and plus the entire movie was just horrible ... . I ca n't imagine who would like it . Wan na hear the GOOD Thing about this movie ? ... BR > The goods of this movie : It 'll put you to sleep if you 're having trouble sleeping . It 's so boring that you 'll get good nap time ! THAT 'S THE ONLY GOOD PART , PLUS THIS MOVIE IS UNREALISTIC !! DID I POINT OUT IT 'S UNREALISTIC ?
 Everything about &#65533; A Knight &#65533; s Tale &#65533; is shamelessly designed to pander the masses . Writer/director Brian Helgeland , who scored big with &#65533; L.A. Confidential &#65533; has followed that excellent effort with a succession of progressively worse screenplays -LRB- &#65533; Conspiracy Theory &#65533; , &#65533; The Postman &#65533; , &#65533; Payback &#65533; -RRB- culminating in this charming but trite puff piece.The pity is that the story had possibilities . A squire seizes upon the opportune death of his knight to enter a jousting competition and ultimately , albeit illegitimately , establish himself as a top competitor . William/Ulrich -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- begins the film with no skills whatever and with the help of his hapless lads , miraculously is transformed into a lean mean jousting machine . He is then thunderstruck by the utterly bland Jocelyn -LRB- Shannyn Sossamon -RRB- and spends the rest of the film trying to win her love . Meanwhile Kate -LRB- Laura Fraser -RRB- , the only interesting female character , with excellent potential for an intriguing romantic entanglement , is relegated to becoming William &#65533; s groupie.Despite good potential for a serious medieval drama , Helgeland decides that it should follow a rutted and unimaginative formula so that it will appeal to all those millions who have loved this same story in different forms countless times before . As if that isn &#65533; t enough , he further debases it by filling it with anachronistic contemporary dialogue -LRB- &#65533; Oh Wow &#65533; , &#65533; Helllllloooo &#65533; , &#65533; Foxy Lady &#65533; , etc. -RRB- and rock music to which all the medieval peasants join in to sing along and boogie . This wouldn &#65533; t be so bad if the film was constructed to be a spoof , but after each of these absurd digressions , Helgeland switches back into drama mode , asking us once again to take his characters seriously.Helgeland can &#65533; t seem to decide whether he wants this to be a farce , a send up , or a serious drama . It is all out of sync . The film is funny when it is trying to be serious and dull when it is trying to be funny . I don &#65533; t even want to get into how historically unrealistic his depiction of medieval Europe is . The only redeeming quality of Helgeland &#65533; s direction is the stunt work on the jousting scenes . The jousting is brilliantly done and -LRB- of course -RRB- unabashedly overused . After a couple of dozen broken lances , it is hard to get up for the final match between William and the evil Count Adhemar as all the spectacle has been wrung out . It would be like having 25 chariot races in Ben-Hur and asking us to be excited about the 26th race against Messala.Heath Ledger is airy and adorable as William , qualities I know I always associate with medieval knights -LRB- sarcasm intended -RRB- . Ledger plays the part with such lack of force that it is difficult to believe the rushing wind didn &#65533; t knock him off his horse long before the opponent &#65533; s lance hit the mark . Shannyn Sossamon is pretty , but equally mind-numbing . Their romance has all the heft of balsa wood and all the maturity of a date to the Junior Prom.Paul Bettany steals what is left of the show with his spirited portrayal of Chaucer . Bettany provides us with a most remarkable interpretation of the celebrated author , whipping the crowds into frenzy with his commanding introductions . Rufus Sewell is a passable villain , but comes across more obnoxious than despicable.Overall , this film is so utterly insubstantial and obsequious to the masses that it had to be a hit . This is another typical Hollywood cotton candy film , sweet with no substance . It is charming , light , and predicable , giving everyone exactly what they want and expect . I rated it a 4/10 including a point for the great stunt work . Serious filmgoers are cautioned to lower their expectations .
 I had expected this to measure up to Terry Gilliam 's The Brother 's Grimm - but - was sadly disappointed . Cartoonish and immature .
 What a waste of time , a total load of garbage . By this tale David Bowie is about 1000 years old . I would have better spent my time watching paint dry !
 Lacked the ability to keep my interest . Story was all to common . I could not even relate to the two leading characters .
 This is one of the absolute worst films I have ever had the misfortune to watch . It is n't even worthwhile to comment on the ` historical inaccuracies ' , since they are so extensive and appalling that this film can not be qualified as a period piece/historical film at all and must fall into the category of fantasy . As such , it fails miserably . Plot and dialogue are awful ... so many bad choices were made that Amazon does not give enough space to list them all.Here stands a glorious testament to Hollywood 's eternal quest to reach for new lows ! A truly offensive way to spend one 's evening.To be avoided at all costs .
 Thats all it could squeeze out of me . The rest of the time I felt nothing but sheer embarrassment watching this ridiculous movie try to be hip and funny.The previous review ` Funny as Genocide ' gave me a laugh for quite some time . . I wish the movie had done the same.I get what they were doing . It was not meant to be historically accurate . It was meant to be cutting edge cool/romance set in the middle ages . It might have worked had the script been the least bit gripping , but in the end I could have cared nothing for the fate of these characters dancing to David Bowie .
 Unfortunately , I was brought to this movie by someone -LRB- who will remain nameless for fear of embarassment -RRB- without ever seeing a preview , or having the faintest idea of what to expect . Mind you , had I actually seen the previews , I would have NEVER walked into the theater in the first place.I was shocked at the level to which this movie took the word `` cliche '' . Mindless and formulated for a mass audience ... which isnt saying much for the masses . And for those who liked it , you are working for `` the man '' ... do you really like to be involved in a money making equation ? This movie is a blantant example of what is wrong with `` the industry '' , lack of inspiration , lazy plot , no sign of intelligence behind the making of this film ... except to say they will turn a slight profit knowing that there will always be an audience that fits into a narrow equation . Like a twinkie factory.I should not be so hard , I suppose . I have managed to steer clear of these movies for a long time and have had no reason to scream `` INSANITY '' . This is just my way of revolting , and purging the incredible nonsense that I was forced to digest . Definately a movie I wouldve walked out on if I was not with ... . well ... who I was with .
 This is a zero star film.A real abomination ... why was it made ? How can anyone actually like it?The humanity ... And besides , such low born scum could never aspire to the lofty goal of knighthood ... ha!Take your wet dreams elsewhere ...
 Let me just start off with saying that the editorial review for this movie was ... unhelpful . So the movie has rock music in it . Who cares?With that aside , this movie is basically a compilation of things I 've seen in other movies many times before . For example -- the `` common peasant '' making his way to greatness-storyline , the teach me how to dance because I do n't know how to dance-scene , the two opposing characters with a love interest in the same girl , and of course the bad guy getting beaten in the end while the good guy steals the girl . Oh yeah , I forgot to mention that the bad guy wears black armor and rides a black horse . This is orginality at its best .
 I consider myself to be a pretty open movie watcher . I enjoy watching period style movies . I even thought the movie Black Night was pretty entertaining . This movie was just a bad movie . Not even bad in a funny way . If you make a movie about people in the Renaissance period , you do n't have crowds singing `` we will rock you '' , and doing ghetto dances . The story , in itself , is hard to digest on it 's own ... and has been done before ... many times over ... and better . It 's your standard happy-feely random kid goes from rags to riches doing what he loves to do with the help of a couple other down-and-out characters who end up being miracle workers with ingenuity . There is absolutely no historical truth in this movie , and apparently no research done at all to even make it seem somewhat believable.Bottom line is , save your money . This movie is not worth the time it takes to watch it .
 If you are a fan of medieval fantasy , swashbuckling adventure or romantic action movies - avoid this film like the Black Plague!However , if you are into boring , predictable sports comedies - go for it.It put me to sleep for the middle part of the story , however , when I woke up in time to catch the end , I realized I had n't missed much ... everything had ended up exactly as expected .
 This is by far the stupidest movie that I have had the misfortune of sitting through in the past decade . The preview looked intriguing , until the Queen dance number . I hoped that Heath Ledger , whom I loved in `` The Patriot , '' could somehow make up for the obvious deficiencies . The ONLY reason that I even went was because the movie was playing at the local pizza-and-beer movie pub , and friends wanted to see it . Overall , it just seemed like the director could not decide between making a period movie and making something silly . The combination just did n't work .
 Sorry , but I found the jarring juxtaposition of medieval jousting with 1970s pop tunes too much to take . Plus the plot did n't keep my attention . After about 40 minutes I turned it off . ` Nuff said ...
 I have n't even finished this video yet , but I already know that it 's not one that I 'd watch again . There 's nothing really bad about the dialogue , theme , or the actors and actresses . However , there are many parts that are n't convincing in the least , or even realistic for that matter ; such as the hairstyles and dancing . My advice is if you want to get a realistic movie , do n't bother with this one ; but if you want a movie with a hot leading actor and a funny cast tending to that actor , go for it .
 I am absolutely amazed at people who think this is a great movie , or even a good movie , or even an entertaining somewhat fun movie . What really scares me is that some who see this movie may think its an accurate depiction of the middle ages . I can see if it were supposed to be a farce , a spoof on the time period -- but even then the story was bland . But there was no historical accuracy at all , save for maybe the jousting scenes . And we certainly were treated to enough of those . The language , clothing -LRB- loved the see through dress on the princess -- I 'm sure that was the rage in medieval France -RRB- , mannerisms and especially , the place of women . Yes , princesses and upper class women just roamed the streets unescorted , traveled all over the country and beyond , had strange men bringing them notes in their bedroom and had sex whenever they wanted . In reality , Ulrich/William would n't have been able to get near that woman , and in fact , probably never would 've even laid eyes on her because she would n't have been out on the street ! I do n't understand the reason for this movie -- why make it take place in the middle ages if nothing at all is accurate ? It reminded me of a bunch of people just dressing up for a costume party on a Hollywood set . There is no feeling at all that you are in another place and time.Aside from that , the acting is pretty bland and the character lukewarm . Especially unappealing is Jocelyn , who is so moronic and dull , and not particularly good looking . It really pushes the imagination as to why William would be so enthralled with her . His groupie Kate the blacksmith was far more attractive and interesting , although I tend to doubt there were any female blacksmiths at the time . Her clothes and hairdo reminded one more of a women from the American wild west , several centuries later . All in all , an awful movie . We fast forwarded it after a while , just to get to the final scene and hoping beyond hope , that he 'd get rid of Jocelyn and get it on with Kate .
 This movie ranks right next to Red Tomahawck as one of the worst movie I have seen . The acting is not bad but the story was as cliche ridden as the fifth sequeal to a Rocky movie . You see better stories in old Tarzan movie 's . How many time 's can you watch a knight get struck while riding a horse . Heath Ledger is the Babe Ruth of knight 's . There are no odd 's he can not overcome and man those he overcome the odd 's . Superman better watch out . Now if Sylvester Stallone was a knight then you would have a contest . Give your money to a charity or pay off an old debt and avoid this rubbish .
 Very lame movie , if not for my liking of Heath Ledger the movie would be a flop in my opinion .
 This movie and garbage , if you ask me . 1970 's pop tunes in the jousting ? just plain ridiculous . I saw that they tried to make it funny , but it did ` nt hit me at all . Heath Ledger was pretty good at acting but the rest were terrible . The jousting was awesome , that 's the only I liked about it .
 There 's a scene in The Big Chill where William Hurt turns to Jeff Goldblum and says `` You 're so analytical . Sometimes you just have to let art flow over you . '' While watching A Knight 's Tale my friend turned to me and said `` The art flows over me ... and right on down into the sewer . '' I would n't go so far as to say that the movie was excrement . However , I would say that the tonal inconsistencies of this film are so extreme that I was never able to enter the story . I spent the entire movie in a state of awe that so much money and so many people would be involved in producing such a specimen of utter confusion.A Knight 's Tale is Blazing Saddles meets Excalibur meets Shakespeare in Love . Underneath all of the wild production choices is a fairly good script . Young peasant William -LSB- Heath Ledger -RSB- disguises himself as a knight to win jousting tournaments , trying to win enough money to-as he puts it - `` change my stars . '' The movie was well-cast and the acting was good . Mark Addy -LRB- who played Dave in the Full Monty -RRB- was particularly believable as Roland , the earnest and loyal sidekick . With a team of companions and a beautiful love interest and a villain who threatens to bring the whole enterprise down , it could have worked.Where it falls apart is in the anachronistic production choices . As young William approaches the first jousting field , onlookers clap in rhythm to Queen 's anthem `` We Will Rock You . '' As the crane shot moves closer to specific extras , you see them rocking out , dancing disco , singing along with the soundtrack . It 's a very Mel Brooks moment , and so you settle in and laugh a little and think `` ah , Space Balls Middle Ages . I get it . `` And then the film gets serious . Twenty minutes later all the anachronisms are gone , but you 've been unsettled enough by them that you 're looking for satire throughout the film . Scenes which could have been touching are ruined . Occasionally you hear a half-familiar line , or see a half-familiar camera shot , and you think you 're watching a very subtle satire , perhaps a send-up of the whole movie industry . But you never can quite put your finger on what it is they 're trying to satirize . So-if you 're me and you 've spent the whole movie wondering `` what the heck was Brian Helgeland thinking ?!? '' - you go to the director 's commentary on the DVD expecting some answers.The only answer I got from the first ten minutes of the commentary was
 I was very sad and disappointed that the Blu-Ray version does not contain the extended cut , though the cover shows a picture very similar to the DVD extended version . I really like the movie and I think the High Definition format deserves more .
 ... for those who ask little more than sound , motion , and color of a film . The jarringly anachronistic soundtrack will heighten their experience . Viewers possessed of more refined sensibilities beware .
 This movie is a big empty void ; with or without music this movie lacks any form of substance any qualitty movie should have . Granted , a lot of very lame movies are released all the time , and this is definitely one of them . It is absent of good acting , which is essential . It is plain bland and not even worth the rental . If you are 12 years old you might like this movie ; it is not for anyone over 21 , even if you are a Queen fan . This movie must be some joke on the sleeping `` alive '' people of America . Please rent this movie before you even think about buying it . Go rent First Knight if you want to watch a lame movie on this type of genre , you wo n't find what you are looking for here , a movie .
 I bought this DVD expecting an action packed entrancing thriller.This movie has to be the worst movie I have ever seen . Others have written saying this movie is in their collection with Braveheart of Gladiator . Let me clear something up . This movie will NEVER be in the same class as Gladiator or Braveheart . Nor can you watch it over and over again like you can with Gladiator and Braveheart . This movie attempts to entrance the audience by it 's mix of knights , with modern day music and a sad attempt at comedy . But it comes out as a goofy , boring movie.This movie should be under `` comedy . '' Though it is not even worthy of that classification.Have seen better B rated movies . Do not be mislead by the majority of the reviews . Wasted over an hour on this movie .
 this ` movie ' was pathetic ! Not just because of the bad inapropriate music , but the relationship between this young ` knight ' and the ` priestess ' or whatever she was . Just another attempt at making men look like saps ! The guy begs for this girl -LRB- she ai n't a women , she does n't act like one ! -RRB- and she wipes her feet on his face like so much refuse . I find it insulting and degrading ! If woman find they get treated like that in movies made in the past , I find that men get treated that way today in the present ! Do n't watch this filth ! Your only encouraging producers to make more of this gutter trash ! Moreover , it is n't a very good roll model for young boys and it makes teenage girls act this way -LRB- which they do ! -RRB-
 Dumb , dumb , dumb , ney , moronic . If you want Medieval fantasy with silly music , rent Ladyhawk . A much better film .
 I saw this movie in the theatres when it came out . I should have spent the money on something better . It was trite and ridiculous . The opening scene , where the peasants are clapping along to `` We Will Rock You '' ... I should have walked out then . It was overhyped and unoriginal in the extreme . Even if you like certain types of stupid movies you may find this one hard to swallow . I certainly did . It 's two hours of my life I 'd love to have back .
 Please do n't waste your money . Perhaps the worst movie ever made . I was trapped on a plane watching it and wanted to jump to escape .
 William Thatcher -LRB- Heath Ledger -RRB- is the aide to a well-known knight . On the verge of winning a tournament , the knight dies , leaving William and the knight 's other assistants , Roland -LRB- Mark Addy -RRB- and Wat -LRB- Alan Tudyk -RRB- desperate . They have n't eaten in three days and need the prize money to fill their stomachs . Will takes the knight 's place and wins the tournament . They decide that Will should pose as a knight and compete in other tournaments . Only noblemen are allowed to complete and Will is anything but noble . Along the way , they run across Geoffrey Chaucer -LRB- Paul Bettany -RRB- , who then tags along for the ride . Geoff , as his friends call him , becomes a sort of ringside announcer , revving the crowd up for each of William 's appearances . `` A Knight 's Tale '' is an interesting mess from writer - director Brian Helgeland . The success of just about every movie relies on the ability of the audience to suspend a certain amount of disbelief . In order for that to happen , the film has to have a certain amount of reality . `` A Knight 's Tale '' has little , if any , basis in reality . I did n't buy it.The first joust is preceded by every one in the audience stamping their fists and singing along to Robbie Williams and Queen singing `` We Will Rock You '' . It was an interesting idea , in the trailers and commercials , but to have 14th century people singing along to a rock song is just stupid . Throughout the rest of the film , the 20th century music is played in the background to little effect.We have all heard of films based in the past in which their were historical inaccuracies . Cowboys wearing wrist watches , roman soldiers wearing tennis shoes , etc. . There have even been modern day reinterpretations of stories set in the past . Baz Luhrman 's ` Romeo + Juliet ' is a good example . `` A Knight 's Tale '' does neither , falling somewhere in between . Frequently , the characters spout 20th century jargon , yet also continue to speak in a style that most people would buy as 14th century England . Why bother with the antiquated speech at all ? If you want to have someone say ` Hello , it 's called a lance ' in the way that people do , to indicate something should be obvious , or to say ` Yes ' , in a way to indicate that they are pleased , why bother trying to make the characters seem as though they have walked out of a Shakespeare play . It is inconsistent and dumb.Geoff Chaucer becomes a sort of ancient WWF ringside announcer . Dumb.Jocelyn , played by Shannyn Sossamon , seems to be a sort of jousting groupie . Her role at these events is never really explained . Why is she popping up at these events ? Will , of course , sets his eyes on her , and she returns the favors.The jousting scenes are interesting , but the characters lack believability and interest , causing us to find nothing to identify with.Ultimately , the film plays like a live-action version of the classic Bugs Bunny cartoon ` Knighty Night Bugs ' . Bugs is having his ears done and gets hit on the head by an apple , transporting him back to Medieval times . There , he has trouble blending in , using 20th century phrases , until he realizes that he should start using phrases like ` Here sooth ' . Ultimately , he jousts the Black Knight -LRB- sounds very familiar -RRB- . After he talks about his friends including the ` Count of Basie ' . He is hit on the head again and returns to the present day.I felt like I was hit on the head by an apple .
 These are the cleanest looking peasants I 've ever seen . Not at all acurate-from music to hairstyles to dancing . This was by far the dumbest movie I have ever seen . The saddest part ? I paid to see this in the cinema .
 If you are looking for something that is period , or anything even close to serious drama . This movie offers nothing for you . I find it a rather indignant thing to open the the first scene with Queen 's We Will Rock You , -LRB- being a fan of Queen -RRB- . The movie has a dull plot . The best lines are delivered by secondary characters only . Chaucer is a riot , and is the whole reason to even give a passing glance at this one . The jousting scenes are ... -LSB- bad -RSB- , and somehow , althought not surprisingly all the same .
 For very little kids , or young girls who want to look at Heath Ledger . He died but that did n't improve the film.History is so boring . It needs to be jazzed up ?
 Having had to endure this obscenity was beyond revolting ... what I would n't do to forget the horror ... I would rather stick foreign objects in my rear end than have to see this again.Pure filth .
 I have always loved this movie since I saw it in theaters , so this review has nothing to do with the actual movie , but with the blu-ray edition . I have this movie on DVD and there are special features on it , commentaries , deleted scenese , extended scenes . This blu-ray has no special features menu at all . I felt kind of jipped , on this blu-ray .
 This film had potential . It looked like a rice re-visit to the old `` Prom Night '' days . However , it was an ugly revist to the crappy-wanna-make-a-buck-without-a-real-story cheezy days . The reason why this killer is offing these girls is one of the lamest to date . Granted , it is very much like Prom Night - but in Prom Night , the killer is getting revenge over his sister 's death . In Valentine , the killer is getting revenge because no one would dance with him at the school dance . Then of course he gets transferred , goes to a mental institution blah blah blah . However , a strong point of the film is that the characters seem almost completely real - there are ones that you just DO N'T want to die . However , the ending is the real let down . You know who the killer is when you see the previews of the film , and the film does n't really end , it just kinda ... stops . And its a real disappointment because you expect this great climax , but you just do n't get it . I just hope and prey that there wo n't be a sequel .
 Director
 I wo n't bore you with a description of what 's wrong with this movie because nothing at all works in it . From the derivative plot to the lame acting to the ridiculous `` twist '' ending , this movie is bad from start to finish . If you like bad movies or just want to torture yourself , then this might be a film for you . OK , it probably is n't the worst movie ever made -LRB- in a world with Baby Geniuses , Glitter , and Showgirls how could it be ? -RRB- , but it is God-awful . Renting this film would be a mistake . Just stear clear altogether .
 The idea for a good slasher film is there , nerdy guy gets dumped on by hot chicks , comes back to get even in the end . Unfortunately the best I could say about the movie was `` it 's a good idea '' . From the opening sequence -LRB- kinda looks like a copy of Carrie -RRB- , this movie lacked originality , taking ideas from other films and making them seem cliche , from the killer in a mask to having a victim hiding in a morgue only to get caught . Overall this flick was disappointing at best , at some times I wanted to shut it off and put myself out of my misery . DO N'T WASTE YOUR HOUR AND A HALF ON THIS ONE ! IT WAS ONE OF THE WORST HORROR FILMS I 'VE EVER SEEN .
 JUST WHAT THE WORLD NEEDED , ANOTHER SCREAM-TYPE HORROR MOVIE . A MISTREATED BOY GROWS UP TO BE A SERIAL KILLER . JUST YOUR AVERAGE TEENAGE HORROR FLICK . HAS SOME OK MURDER SEQUENCES , BUT IT LACKS SUBSTANCE . DENISE RICHARDS IS GOOD FOR EYE CANDY BUT SHE CA N'T HELP SAVE THIS CLICHE 'S HORROR MOVIE . IF YOU WAN NA SEE THE AVERAGE MASKED MAN GOES ON A KILLING SPREE MOVIE , THEN THIS ONE JUST MIGHT APPEAL TO YOU .
 Valentine started out good . It could of been a much better movie if they handled it well . The movie is predictable as nothing i have ever seen . Some of the killing scenes are ilogical and not original . For example
 Does it strike anyone else as unusual that every single good review of this movie is filled with spelling/grammatical errors ?
 This is a terrible movie , if it were not for Denise Richards I would have turned it off after 10min . Watch it on mute if you do buy iy .
 `` Valentine '' is a toothless , vapid rehash of the slasher flick , done straightfaced with zero irony or chills . It 's beautifully shot and well-produced , but , Lord , is it boring . Ripping off `` Scream , '' `` Friday the 13th , '' `` Carrie , '' and at least a half-dozen other horror films , it does n't stray far from what we 've seen before . Someone , somewhere , was convinced that Denise Richards can act , but her blank performance says otherwise . Ditto the wonderfully bland David Boreanaz , whose screen presence has all the flavor of rice cakes . Despite the well-staged slashings and so-called surprise ending , `` Valentine '' is much ado about nuttin ' . Return this baby to sender .
 Another dull entry in the slasher film genre . This one has a decent cast , but little else . This film 's only saving grace is the ending even if it 's a bit predictable . My biggest problem with this film is that we 've seen it all before and done better . You do n't have to look to closely to see the obvious similarities to ` Halloween ' and many other superior films .
 ... I just finished watching this tragedy of a flick with my sis . . I rarely write reviews and usually they are all goodness and light , recommending a particularly good product . Sorry to say not so in this case , this movie is proof positive that having slick casting , beautiful sets , and a great premise for a killer are not necessarily enough to make a good slasher flick . This film which based on the previews I saw of it looked like another take off on the Scream idea of witty and really well written horror flicks , comes nowhere near its potential . First of all starting off you have very little empathy with any of the victims ; everybody that gets killed deserves it , in spades . -LRB- I am not even sure why the one girl survived other than the fact that her character was perhaps the least scummy of the group . -RRB- Which comes to point two , the acting in this movie was royally bad . To give you an idea how painful the acting was think of standing in the middle of a pile of razor sharp glass with no shoes on , then drill several screws under your thumbs for good measure . . -LRB- I know David Boreanaz can do better than this so I was generally dissapointed . -RRB- Point three too much was going on , you did n't get to know any of the characters well at all this sorta goes back to the empathy part except that even most of the shallow characters in this film were cardboard cutouts with no depth at all . -LRB- Only Dorthy really seemed to be fleshed out really well and she majorly deserved what she got in the end . -RRB- Point four The killer really did n't mess around with his victims much , he tended to kill them simple and straight foward there was no suspense only inevatability . Final point it was pretty easy to figure out who the killer was in fact it was so stupidly easy that it slightly shocks you that at the end . Not a good kind of shock by the way , nope this was the shock of the person who has been kicked in the teeth . You will be saying to yourself `` That was it ? You got ta be kidding me ... '' Well I have said all I am going to say about that . Buyer beware if you are looking for a good movie steer clear . -LRB- Those who are looking for a new movie to add to their B movie collection this will fit right in . -RRB-
 After Valentine , Jamie Blanks would have to be considered one of the worst directors working at the moment . And coming from Australia , he 's doing great damage to the country 's growing film industry . First Urban Legend , mediocre at best , now he 's -LRB- ... -RRB- Valentine into existance.You might know some actors in this film , I 'll save them the shame of mentioning them because you 'll never see them again after this film . A geek is tormented at school by 5 girls and they wo n't dance with him . BOO HOO ! Anyway he does his block and is shipped off to the nut house for the next 15 . Despite being 9-10 when this happened the girls stay friends , yes all five , never losing contact , until they star getting knocked off by some hooligan -LRB- guess who ? -RRB- in a Valentine mask.Now Blanks could have tried to scare but he 's employed every tired directorial technique making it obvious where the killer would be and what action he 'd take . Oh look we 're in a mortuary , maybe he 's hiding in a body bag?This film seems to be filmed inside a bubble -LRB- streets are bare , on one else seems to exist -RRB- Hello cheap porn look , which combined with terrible acting , make most scenes look daytime soap.Blank 's seemed intent on taking this seriously , when he may have saved the movie if the girls got nude . And it could have been justified in the campy horror/slasher/nudity take . Thus distracting us from the rest of the film.No matter what , this is studio driven trash , fronted by a few pretty girls -LRB- and a few not so pretty -RRB- and helmed by a director who 'll do what he 's told . Although Blanks ca n't take all the credit , someone had to write this trash and I 'm sure he 's happy to have friends to take the heat .
 Wow , this movie is quite possibly one of the most uninteresting slasher movies in years . At no time does this create even a small amount of suspense . The actors appear to be uninterested in the movie and look almost ashamed to be in the film.After the tired cliched opening of a young picked on boy being beat and humiliated at a school dance we flash forward 13 years and find that he is now looking to get even with the girls who rejected him . The fact that the girls are made to look like horrible mean spirted witches almost has you cheering for their demise . The final revelation of who the killer is is a big let down and raises questions as to how he was able to commit some of the murders.Give yourself a break and save your money for something that is really scary . Spend your money on flowers and skip this valentine !
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . I have rarely seen such poor writing . The `` twist '' at the end was stupid and tried to be confusing on purpose . It was n't . It was just stupid . If you took out all the scenes that were not needed to advance the story , you would have a 15 minute film . Without David and Denise , I doubt this film would have ever been seen in theatres . It is n't scary at all . It 's just BAD . For proof , listen to the director commentary . Most of his comments are about everything he did wrong and why certain scenes do not make any sense at all . That 's right - the director of the film explains why his own movie is bad . Do n't believe me ? Listen to it . Oh , wait - Do n't . Peel some wallpaper instead . It is much more fun .
 ` Valentine ' gets firmly lumped into the post - ` Scream ' series of horror movie clich&eacute;s.Like the ` Urban Legend ' , and ' I Know What You Did Last Summer ' movies , ` Valentine ' is n't by any stretch the worst movie I 've ever seen , but creatively , it leaves a LOT to be desired.Just as it 's predecessors , ` Valentine ' is an ultimately-unfulfilling clone that 's only to be viewed on basic cable or the WB network . You 'd kick yourself for buying it .
 Five beautiful friends who start receiving threatening valentines find themselves being hunted by a repressed killer -LRB- obviously inspired -LSB- or stolen -RSB- from HALLOWEEN -RRB- wearing a cupid mask . Is it that nerd they all teased in sixth grade ? Attractive but predictable , poorly written thriller that not only has a complete lack of suspense but ca n't make us seem to care about a character of any kind . Still , at least director Blanks tries . Based on the novel by Tom Savage .
 Valentine is a ghastly mess . Upon recieving violent valentines the `` heroines '' proceed to go out alone , ignore the advice of the police , withold evidence and generally act like fools . The plot had potential but the actors and the crummy dialog destroy all hope . David Boreanz essentially plays Angel as a drunkard human instead of a brooding vampire but that 's the best thing I can say about the flick . Denise Richardson is the worst thing about it . Her acting was never her strongest suit but in Valentine it takes a real nose dive . ... The twist ending did n't make a lick of sense and I took the DVD back to the store and begged to exchange with something else .
 Valentine is just one of the many new teen-slasher thriller movies that are plagueing the horror genre . It seems ever since Scream was a hit that we have just been bombarded by these totally non-scary , predictable , and overly stupid films that are trying to establish franchises such as Valentine , Jeepers Creepers , Urban Legend , etc. . The storyline is n't half bad on paper ; a group of popular girls who shunned a boy years before are being sent some disturbing valentines and are then picked off one by one by a masked killer . While this may seem like a neat idea , the delivery fails miserably . While Denise Richards is n't really a bad actress underneath it all , her co-stars are horrendous and do n't come off as believeable for one minute . David Boreanaz seems to just brood his way through the film from start to finish , and the wanna-be twist ending is n't so twisting because anyone with a brain can figure out who the killer is in the first half hour of the movie . The fake scares -LRB- hands on the shoulders -RRB- are just more annoying than suspenseful , and the film is not scary at all . All in all , Valentine is just another teen thriller that tries to be better than what it is , but is a failure in an overbloated genre that is becoming an insult to true horror fans .
 This is one of the most boring films I have ever seen . The `` scares '' are lame bursts of loud music trying to make you jump . The guy who directed Urban Legend made this movie , which is really the big suprise here . That was a fun movie ; this one is so awful I ca n't believe it got made . Even the otherwise good actress Denise Richards is dull here . The book this film was adapted from was excellent ; it gets so twisted out of shape here it is shameful . I ca n't believe how many movie fans say `` this was a good movie , just ignore the reviews . '' Besides a halfway decent first five minutes , I ca n't not recommend this movie enough ; whatever you do , avoid Valentine at all costs .
 Many can be said about this dismally bad horror flick . It tries to do something unique , but in fact retread the old , battered road . It tries to imitate the chill of `` Scream '' and other post-modern horror movies , giving some surprise twists , but , no , it only irritates the audience.Think about this . Four girls are supposed to be threatened by a murderer stalking behind them . But none of them takes it seriously . Not a detective from the police , who instead would sexually harass Denise Richards . Many people around them -LRB- including very one of them -RRB- are suddenly missing , but they do n't seem to worry about it . Ok , so they are such irresponsible , cold-blooded chicks who bullied one poor boy long time ago . But , then , why should we care about them?The whole premise is totally nonsense ; at `` a maze video party scene , '' guests that were swarming around the room suddenly are gone from the scene , and the killer can appear without being seen , even moving some objects and walls as it wishes , and finally desposes the body very automativally . On top of this risible development of situation , at another party scene , AGAIN , the people vanish while our heroine is taking a bath ALONE , and the killer chases its target ALONE , and hides the bodies wherever it wishes . No , no.Pick any great horror films in the past , and they all tell you that you can not make a good , bone-chilling flick without paying attention to logics during the course of the entire film . `` Valentine '' never does . Consequently , scares come occasionally , but not with enough impact . As Denise Richards is gorgeous , I give two stars , but otherwise it is unbelievably bad . But what is also unbelievable is a fact that a major studio is involved in this project . Now it is scary .
 Ok , so I lied . This movie is a `` painful '' film with an unbelievable plot and too many plot holes to point a stick at . The performances are dismal , and the actors hardly look as though they were remotely interested in their characters . Although `` Jamie Blanks ' '' previous attempt ` Urban Legends ' was not a box office breaker , at least some of the ideas worked . This film has poor dialogue and generates no sense of atmosphere for the viewer . Personally , I would rather stare at my eye lids .
 So at a Valentine 's Day dance in 1988 , a nerdy guy named Jeremy Melton keeps asking girls for a dance and they sharply turn him down , however a fifth girl who was a little bigger than the previous girls agrees and they end up making out under the bleachers . When some bullies happen by , this girl claims he attacker her so they beat him up and rip off his clothes , so now in 2001 all the girls who rejected him and the one who got him beat up are in their 20 's and with Valentine 's Day fast approaching are trying to get their lives going.One of these girls ends up dead after a bad date , the killer wears a cherub like mask and even gave her a warning that something would happen to her when he sent her a valentine 's card death threat . So the remaining girls keep wondering who is the killer and who is next , which is fairly cliche and would normally work if not for the bad pacing , lack of suspense and even a lack of interest in who the killer is.Actually its fairly obvious who it is and the ending is quite funny -LRB- which I imagine is not what the film makers intended -RRB- , the death scenes are n't really inventive and its a pretty bad story . The cast includes Denise Richards -LRB- `` Wild Things '' -RRB- , David Boreanaz -LRB- TV 's `` Bones '' -RRB- , Katherine Heigl -LRB- `` Knocked Up '' -RRB- and Marley Shelton -LRB- `` Sin City '' -RRB- . * out of 4 stars .
 While there has indeed been a long line of teen slasher movies , they have tended , over the years -LRB- with the notable exception of some good scares in the Scream series -RRB- to be predictable and formulaic . Well , Valentine is no different ; however , I do have to give better than average marks to the acting in this one , and the deaths in this film are perhaps a bit more creative and interesting than in the usual movie of this genre . The storyline does indeed keep you guessing until the end , which is rare these days . This one wo n't be on anyone 's Top 20 horror films list , but it is fun , watchable , and worth a rental.Just by way of background , and while other reviewers seems to prefer to reveal much of the story and plot , I think that sort of ruins the film in many cases . So , you 'll want to look for other reviews and reviewers if that is what you are looking for ...
 Having gone into the theater expecting a ZERO , I was somewhat pleasantly surprised with the movie `` Valentine '' although it certainly was n't a great movie by any means . It 's just that I expect so little from modern horror flicks these days . Well , some time ago , I picked this up pretty cheap and thought I would give it another look . After watching it a second time , I liked it a little better than I did before.From an entertainment standpoint , this movie deserves some credit as a pretty standard slasher with some pretty decent kills and as a fairly decent whodunnit flick with the biggest flaw simply being that this movie is not very scary at all . Like many modern day horror flicks , this movie lacks atmosphere and provides only inconsistent suspense throughout the flick , mostly tied to the identity of the killer . Basically , `` Valentine '' is a story about a child 's social rejection in school and the lingering effects of such . Someone is killing the girls that rejected a nerd-boy ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- years ago . Could it be the nerd out for revenge -LRB- a common theme of low-grade 80s slashers -RRB- or could it be someone else who feels disrespected ? The only real suspense is who the murderer is , but the seasoned slasher viewer can narrow this down pretty well.Simply put , `` Valentine '' is your typical slasher flick . If you are interested in your garden variety slasher flick , rent this and you wo n't be disappointed , but just do n't expect anything too much above the average for this type of flick . That said , I have an affinity for slasher movies , and while `` Valentine '' certainly has its flaws , e.g. logical inconsistencies , the disappointing revelation of the killer , the rather anti-climactic nature of the movie itself -LRB- the ending left a lot to be desired -RRB- , etc. , this movie for all intents and purposes basically accomplishes most of what it sets out to do . I mean , what do you expect from a modern day slasher flick ? At least the movie takes itself seriously . Hence , the slightly better than average rating . However , as I mentioned above , for today 's standards this is a pretty good modern day horror flick , albeit , that aint saying much folks.Officially , I give `` Valentine '' 2.5 STARS -LRB- which might even be a tad high -RRB- for being a standard slasher flick with some interesting kills , a good masked killer outfit -LRB- liked the cupid mask-killer 's demeanor was also good -RRB- as well as a decent whodunnit flick even if it is somewhat predictable.As a final note , I think the creators of `` Valentine '' felt like they could make a better Valentine 's Day movie than the previous 80s slasher flick `` My Bloody Valentine '' . Personally , I believe they failed in this attempt as `` My Bloody Valentine '' is a superior movie to this modern day slasher flick ... maybe this is because of the 80s feel that `` My Bloody Valentine '' had as well as its dark peculiarities inherent in its plot and setting . Still , I like both of them . After all , nothing says Happy Valentine 's Day better than a Valentine 's Day slasher movie . Happy Valentine 's Day !
 This movie is terrible . Do n't be fooled by these positive 4 star reviews on Amazon like I was , it stinks . It is formulaic to the nth degree , the director even rips off the Halloween films with gimmicky shots -LRB- some might call them an homage , I call them a rip-off -RRB- . There is no sense of fun or cleverness in the whole film . People randomly come into the story and then are killed before you even know who they are or why they are there in the first place . There does n't seem to be any main character or hero in the story , the hero seems to be the only character that 's left alive at the end , thus being the hero only by default.The direction is disjointed , certain scenes seem to be in the movie for absolutely no apparent reason at all -LRB- i.e. the candle wax scene -RRB- . The methods of murdering the victims in the film are generic and uninspired , even for this type of `` teen shocker '' film . Oooooh ! A stabbing ! That is original stuff.The acting is mediocre at best . But then the characters do n't have even the least bit of substance for the actors to work with either . Why does this group of people continue to hang out with each other years and years after they left school ? And are they 20-something professionals ? Because they act like teenagers . Except they live in clearly expensive homes and apartments , seemingly by themselves . The male characters just wander into the plot . Are these men the same junior high bullies at the beginning of the film ? You never really know for sure . And why did the overweight , socially ostracized girl suddenly become friends with the so-called `` popular '' girls ? And when did this happen ? Why did they suddenly accept her into their `` cool '' circle ? Because she lost weight , therefore becoming `` cool '' ? Final word
 its not the worst of the slasher flicks but it lages in its wooden characters and its dumb twists and turns , though the end with Boreanaz is great , a must see for fans of Boreanaz
 This movie is just a new-age Friday the 13th , as five friends -LRB- led by Denise Richards -RRB- are haunted by their past from a killer wearing a cherub mask -LRB- like a hockey mask of Jason -RRB- that is slowly killing everyone . This movie has more than a dozen characters and they all have a reason to be the masked killer , so you constantly wonder who is the killer . This is less like a horror movie , and more like suspense , because you see the killer stalking the characters , but never any real gore -LRB- you know how they get killed , with a knife , axe , glass , drill , but you never see it happen -RRB- . The movie is rather weak , and draws more around taboo subjects like cross dressing , tying up and wax fetishes to get across to the audience -LRB- also the fact that there are several beautiful women wearing tank tops , but no nudity -RRB- . I hate having to say that , but this movie is just that bad . There are even funny mess-ups in the movie such as in one scene after someone was stabbed there is no blood on the knife !
 Great things here
 this movie really is n't as good as I thought it would be . I only wanted to see it because I am a big fan of Katherine Hegil but shhe ws in the began of the movie for like only 7 or atlest 10 minutes . After that it really was n't scary as it sounds . The BIZAR part of the moive was in the end . Go seee it for yourself but for Katherine Hegil the and atleast stay awake for the half of it .
 OK , what a waste of time , do n't get me wrong I love horror movies just as much as the next fiend , but this one takes the cake for stupidity . How can you make a horror movie that is so utterly devoid of suspence ? I feel sorry for teens who think that today 's horror movies are actually scary , they should check out Hallaween and Friday the 13th to see how it 's really done . I guarantee that if they saw Michael Myers or Jason delivering spine shattering blows upon thier victims and death from above they would change their tunes .
 There comes a time when one can only watch the same washed up , tired out storyline without beginning to poke fun at the tactics the filmmakers use . Watching `` Valentine '' was a much more interactive experience for me . I found myself grimacing in complete contempt for its reliance on horror clich&eacute;s and a morality lesson that is phony to the core , while also screaming at the characters for their outright stupidity.The movie is one of the worst post - `` Scream '' features I 've seen , and that includes `` Urban Legend , '' which was also directed by Jamie Blanks , who brings nothing but banality , predictability , and boredom to his latest venture . There is no mystery to be hashed out , no suspenseful moments that are worth biting nails over . In fact , the movie goes so far as to evoke the audience 's sympathy for the killer , and not his victims . And that just the beginning.The film opens with a junior high dance , as a misfit boy walks up to various girls and asks them to dance . Each of them turns him down , one politely , the others in demeaning fashions . Moving ahead thirteen years , the movie introduces us to those girls many years later , and wastes no time in getting rid of one -LRB- if the bimbo does n't have enough sense to leave the building instead of corner herself and become a slab of bloody meat , then she deserves to die -RRB- . Not that any of the other girls are any smarter or interesting . There 's Paige -LRB- Denise Richards -RRB- , Kate -LRB- Marley Shelton -RRB- , Dorothy -LRB- Jessica Capshaw -RRB- , and Lily -LRB- Jessica Cauffiel -RRB- , and from the get-go , they do absolutely nothing of interest to us or of importance to the movie . After they attend the funeral , they get some insider information from a detective who has a horny eye set on Paige . That , coupled with some very unconventional Valentine cards and gifts , and they begin speculating as to who could possibly be the murderer.If there 's one thing I hate , it 's a blonde trying to figure out a murder mystery , especially when the rest of the group ca n't seem to help her out . As if the whole thing is n't blatantly obvious to the audience , yet the characters are required not to piece it all together too soon because this is a mystery , and we have to find out piece by piece who 's behind the supposed mayhem.There 's just one problem
 Brilliant as ` Scream ' was , look what it did to our nice teen movie market industry ! First there was ` Urban Legend ' , now there 's this , which is much much worse . It remains a mystery to me why David Boreanaz , who was so good as Angelus on TV show ` Buffy The Vampire Slayer ' , wanted to branch out into movies with such an awful role . Furthermore , the teen actors are terrible . Denise Richards is so terrible in every movie that she 's in that you begin to wonder whether the director was trying to be ironic . Still , her eyebrows reach new heights of acting in this film.The deaths are all spectacularly stupid and every clich&eacute; is employed to maximum use . So the question pops up again - is this a self-knowing , clever teen slasher flick ? Maybe the director was aiming for this but he left out any actual scares or any of the black comedy that the ` Scream ' movies were jam-packed with . Obviously every recent teen horror movie is going to be contrasted with ` Scream ' and then it obviously ca n't compete . But this movie just has nothing likable about it , and the trailer even told us who the killer was anyway !
 unless you are a 15 year old adolescent boy who likes to look at full figured female bodies , dont bother
 Okay . I originally gave this movie 1 star , but changed my mind . I 'll give it 2 stars , just for the sheer fact that any movie with a cast of beauties like this ca n't be all bad.I was stoked about VALENTINE . Denise Richards , Marley Shelton , Katherine Heigl , Jessica Capshaw , Jessica Cauffiel & Hedy Burress all in the same movie ! How could it possibly be anything but good.Not a bad concept . A series of murders centered around a group of girls that have been friends since grade school . I wo n't give anything way . . -LRB- even though there is n't much to give away -RRB- , but nothing is done with it . The story is straight forward . I 've never seen a horror movie that was so void of suspense in my entire life !! I 'll just say this . If anybody ever walks off by themselves ... . kiss 'em goodbye . yawn ... Oh ... and despite all the beautiful people involved in the film , it 's also void of anything sexy or remotely risque.I 'm a writer , and either the original writers idea was butchered by sensors and executives , or Hollywood has proven once more that it is n't what you know , or how well something is written , but who you know.If SCREAM brought horror movies back to the theatres ... then VALENTINE took them right back out .
 I was so disappointed with this film . I had hoped this movie would show off David Boreanaz 's talent . Who knows . Maybe he does n't have any , beyond what we see on Angel -LRB- I doubt that though -RRB- . This role was a re-hash of Angel . Brooding and skulking . Do n't ask him to try something new . Do n't take advantage of his obvious comedic abilities . The ending was so obvious about 5 minutes into the film . Of course the ugly boy will become the handsome , sexy male . Gee , who 'd a thunk it .
 Jamie Blanks ' 2001 `` Valentine '' is a recycle bin of a ridiculous psycho-killer plot seemingly pasted together from several previously made films , predictable `` boo ! '' moments , character stereotypes , bad jokes , stale dialogue , and unoriginal killings . Not that I actually expected much from this movie , coming from Blanks , responsible for 1998 's `` Urban Legend '' and starring a bevy of Hollywood C-listers including the dude from `` Angel '' , David Boreanaz , Denise Richards , Marley Shelton , Jessica Capshaw , and Katharine Heigl.In this horrendously bad faux-horror flick , we start off at Valentine 's Day 1988 when a bunch of nasty girls make a poor geeky kid , Jeremy 's , time at the V-Day school dance absolute hell for him through rejection and embarrassment . Fast-forward to 2001 when the girls from the dance are now being tormented by a psycho-killer -LRB- obviously Jeremy -RRB- and slowly killed off in successively dumber and unoriginal ways . The execution of this stupid-yet-still-had-some-potential-to-be-scary-script is simply awful.Where is the suspense ? Where is the empathy -LRB- or at least interest -RRB- for any of the characters ? Where is just an ounce of intelligence , people ?! I know that this is a slasher flick and you 're supposed to suspend disbelief to a certain extent , but this pathetic plot soon degenerates into an utterly ridiculous mess that will insult your intelligence if you are anywhere over the age of ten .
 Something like an episode of `` Sex and the City '' directed by Wes Craven , this mercifully short teen flick ca n't decide if it 's a girl-power sex farce or a by-the-numbers thriller . It hedges its bets and settles for being plain bad . It might have worked if pre-release buzz had n't identified the serial killer . But if you know who it is , the whole thing 's rather tedious . Denise Richards does her usual thing , as does David Boreanaz with one pleasant exception - unlike in `` Angel '' , he 's occasionally allowed to smile .
 this movie really is n't as good as I thought it would be . I only wanted to see it because I am a big fan of Katherine Hegil but shhe ws in the began of the movie for like only 7 or atlest 10 minutes . After that it really was n't scary as it sounds . The BIZAR part of the moive was in the end . Go seee it for yourself but for Katherine Hegil the and atleast stay awake for the half of it .
 this movie really is n't as good as I thought it would be . I only wanted to see it because I am a big fan of Katherine Hegil but shhe ws in the began of the movie for like only 7 or atlest 10 minutes . After that it really was n't scary as it sounds . The BIZAR part of the moive was in the end . Go seee it for yourself but for Katherine Hegil the and atleast stay awake for the half of it .
 Your typical , average , unoriginal masked man killing off people that he does n't like . Not only that , People that do n't like him . That do n't love him . This whole things has been done to death and I 'm sick of it . Enough with the killer 's in masks . Many others have come before this one . Some where more entertaining than others but still , give it a rest already . Nothing is done different and everything is flawed in this movie . It 's a complete waste of time.Here 's a list of all the others that seem EXACTLY similiar to this undying tune :1 . I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER2 . I STILL KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER3 . SCREAM4 . SCREAM 25 . SCREAM 36 . HIGHSCHOOL DEATH7 . THE ENTIRE JASON VORHEES SERIES8 . THE ENTIRE MICHAEL MEYERS SERIES9 . URBAN LEGEND10 . URBAN LEGENDS
 I have to say , was n't Angelus Evil enough that they have to give away Adam too?I am really Angry with the writer!all though i liked the way the killer killed and the Sexyness of the party , and the Dromatic killing scene of Paige -LRB- DANISE RICHARDS -RRB- and especially the killing scene of that girl , you know arrows , Falling into the garbage box , and i really liked the killing scene of shelly , it was really scary and looked painful , one slash and kill finished.Anyway , i did n't like this insult of Boreanaz , so i ca n't give it more than 2 stars .
 It is a real toss-up whether to give this One Star or Two Stars . In my opinion , I give it 2-3 stars for the first half of the movie , 1 star for the last half , and -1 , for the ending . this movie starts out decent , including a funny ` speed dating ' segment . The movie just spirals downhill getting worse and worse until it finally ends in a STUPID UNINTERESTING INSULTING MESS . Denise Richards is beautiful , but her character is really very dull . This is basically a cheesy teen slasher that insults anyone with even half a brain . I gave it two stars because it had some decent moments in the begining . I 'd pass on this terrible movie . You should see the director and his commentary -- he is terrible . I ca n't believe he could actually film a movie : - -RRB-
 Wow , it has been a LONG time since I have seen such a BAD movie ! The acting was bad , the story was bad and I do n't recall ever being scared . What are they thinking . You would think Hollywood can do better then this . If you think about it , most of the scary movies , I mean REALLY scary movies , are the old ones , classics , NOT this ... ! I would really like to see some good horror movies come out . This unfortumately is not one of them . A well deserved 1 star for this one !!
 So , who was the killer ? Was it the kid they picked on ? Was it Adam ? -LRB- was he the kid they picked on in disguise ? -RRB- Was it Dorothy ? What about the psycho guy in the beginning -LRB- Jason -RRB- ? Why does he show up later ? What point does the neurotic chic that keeps bugging Cameron have ? Talk about loose ends ! The cast was great and showed great talent , but I think that talent was severly wasted on pointlessness . The movie could have had great potential , but really kinda wanders off and does n't make any sense . It 's basically a big gore-fest . If you do n't have to pay for it , watch it all you want , I do n't suggest wasting the money to rent it .
 Jamie Blanks , graduate of the VCA in Australia . Pretty poor endorsement of that schools film department . He directed Urban Legend , which was average at best , now he 's inflicted us with Valentine . I wo n't mention any actors in this film , I 'll save them the shame , even though some might be well known , they really should n't be heard from again after this garbage . Some geeky kid is picked on at school by 5 girls , they wo n't dance with him at the grade 5-6 prom ?? And ultimately embarrass him , he 's sent off to the nut house and all is well for the next 15 or so years . Amazingly the girls are all still friends since grade school . And start getting offed by some loon in a Valentine mask . Here 's where the film might take off , the scare factor . However Blanks used all the dumb directorial techniques which made it obvious where the killer would be and what he 'd do . The scenes between killing were sparsly populated which added to the terrible acting in making the movie look like expensive porn , without the sex . Blank 's might have saved his movie somewhat if he went down that road and had the girls take off their clothes and it all could have been justified in the campy horror/slasher/nudity take . Blanks decided to take it all too seriously , hoping this might help his career -LRB- on a shocking nose dive -RRB- . Ultimately this is studio driven trash , fronted by a few pretty stars -LRB- and a few not so pretty -RRB- and helmed by a director who 'll do what he 's told .
 Okay , so I 'm a bit older than what I assume the target audience for this film to be . BUT - this movie -LRB- which perports to based on a novel -RRB- is nothing but rip-offs of low budget slasher films from the 70 's and 80 's . We open on a middle school dance -LRB- later we will find out that this was supposed to be a Valentine 's Day dance , but it is never mentioned as such at the time -RRB- . And since when do you where masks at Valentine 's parties ? Anyway , a school nerd is traumatized by having red punch thrown on him -LRB- nod to Carrie -RRB- and then humiliated -LRB- ala Prom Night -RRB- . Years later a girl is killed while working on a cadaver -LRB- this is supposed to be a unique situation I suppose , but is nothing more than a slight rip off of the Reanimator -RRB- . More girls , more deaths , more boys , more deaths - each one is so predictable and quite frankly , boring . I 've seen all these deaths before in Friday the 13th , the Burning , Nightmare on Elm Street , etc. ad nauseum . Are we to assume that the characters in this movie have never before seen a horror film ? If so , please tell us this important tidbit of data . Otherwise , Denise Richards wandering off in the middle of a party to take a bikini clad dip in the hot tub is just a bit too droll . We know she 's going to die . And we know how - the moment she gets in . Girls wander off to empty rooms only to die via whatever obvious implement of death was there one second and gone the next . Oh my !!! Did you see that - the axe was there a second ago , but now its gone - gee , I wonder if he/she will survive !!! If you react like this , then you 've been living in a dank room for the past twenty some odd years . There are even a couple of really really bad `` did you get that ? '' lines . David Boreanz , who plays the vampire Angel on the television show of the same name plays one of the girls ' boyfriends . She says of him , `` I know he 's no angel , but I like him . '' Come on - puleeeze ! I do n't want to give away the killer to anyone brain dead enough to actually not see it a mile away , but it seems odd that he wears a coat just like Angel . Do n't bother ! If this had n't been a free rental , I 'd have been really ticked . If I had paid to see this miserable dreck in the theater , I 'd have been even more ticked .
 This 2001 movie is not what it could 've been . It would love to be a classic holiday slasher film like `` Halloween '' , but it will never amount to anything like that . Five girlfriends horribly embarras a poor geeky kid years ago in school . Now , the girls are all grown up and are all still friends . Naturally , their all hot babes too . What a shocker ! . Anyways , a cherub masked killer shows up and starts knocking each one off one by one . Is it the poor kid they tormented in school ? . Is it somebody else ? . I think the answer is pretty obvious right from the start . I ca n't imagine anyone not figuring it out . It has all the deep mystery of a Scooby Doo cartoon . Besides it 's faults , there are some good points this movie has . The first one , is the women . Their all lovely to look at . The second is the producers ' attempt to make the characters more grown up . Out of high school and actual career business women in the real world . The opening sequence however , is quite nice . It 's a shame that David Boreanaz from `` Angel '' had to pick this as his first major film role . He 's a good actor with incredible presence and that should 've been used in a much better film debut . Some of the kills are quite fun if you like that sort of thing . The ending is definitley no surprise . Trust me . Director Jamie Blanks , as he 's shown in his last film , the far superior and fun `` Urban Legends '' , has a nice eye for detail .
 Well , I do not say it is not entertaining , however there is a long way before I call it ` horror ' etc. . Actually it is addressed to teenagers rather than adults . When I went to see this one , I was expecting murder cases with investigations , like I read in some mysterious - horror books by skilled authors . Then it turned out to be the sort - creating horror by force so the customer will think it is horror and get scared , which it is not so.All based on girls ' valentines - this movie is just an empty plastic bag with some nice colours .
 THE ACTING , THE WRITING , AND THE DIRECTING ARE ALL LESS THAN AVERAGE . THE PLOT IS A BUNCH OF RECYCLED IDEAS THROWN TOGETHER . I 'M GIVING IT TWO STARS BECAUSE
 This movie is awful . It is an insult to everyone who saw it . I can not believe I sat through this entire movie , in the theater no less -LRB- then again , I 'm not one to waste money . But then again I saw this movie , so it 's like a double edged sword on that one -RRB- . No suspense . No thrills . Absolutely NOTHING scary about it . The plot is as thin as the paper it was written on -LRB- a waste of paper if you ask me , someone needs to call Fraud , Waste and Abuse on these guys -RRB- . The acting was halfway decent , and that 's not saying much . If you have seen this movie , then I feel for you ... however , if you own this movie , you should be executed for being such a sucker . Anyone who dares compare this movie to such classics as Halloween , or even The Exorcist etc. . . needs to have their head examined -LRB- how dare you insult John Carpenter like that ! -RRB- I could go on about how bad this movie was , but It 's not even worth it . If you have not seen this awful movie , then RUN !!! Run as far away from it as possible ! It 's that bad . Later
 This movie is another `` teen slasher '' movie . It is just the same instead of Denise Richards . You wan na watch Denise Richards ? Buy this movie . . You wan na watch a good movie ? DO NOT waste your money please . -- Let me tell you the movie
 After ` Valentine ' concluded I was at a loss for words . It took four screenwriters to write this absolutely atrocious mess ? Not only is the script highly unoriginal and ridden with embarrassing plot holes , but it also sports some of the worst acting in the horror genre.Have you seen the excellent thriller `` Halloween ? '' Which is coincidentally another horror movie with a ghost faced killer , that slowly stalks it 's victims , was tortured during his youth , has parents that died under mysterious circumstances , was in an insane asylum and the happenings take place on a purely commercial holiday ? Well than you 've seen `` Valentine '' and you 've seen it done much better . `` Valentine '' is the horror movie for the brain-dead TRL generation that has no patience for originality in any form.I 'm gon na summarize the four credited screenwriter script in 3 sentences . Ugly kid gets bugged when he was young by pretty people . Fast forward thirteen years and pretty people start dying . Pretty people wonder who 's doing it while dealing with half realized sub-plots . The story not only rips pages shamelessly from `` Halloween , '' but also many other horror movies . For instance similar to the ominous note giving in `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' the main characters get Valentine cards saying such things as `` Roses are red , violets are blue , they are going to need dental records to identify you . '' That 's just the tip of the iceberg.Let 's talk about the acting in `` Valentine '' because the dialog honestly sounds like a first-time script read-through . Denise Richards is especially dreadful . You thought her acting could n't get any worse than her outing as a possibly handicap nuclear scientist in the Bond flick `` The World is Not Enough ? '' Well , unfortunately for her , it does ! Her line delivery is honestly worse than the Olsen twins when they were 5 years old on Full House . The other actresses are nondescript blondes that look frighteningly similar to one another from a far . They are neither remarkable nor unremarkable actors ; they are just there to eventually die in an unimaginative manor . One blonde gets a threatening Valentine and does n't even seem to care . Another eats maggot filled chocolates and does n't seem to overly mind either . On top of that , neither calls the cops . That is just stupid , plain and simple . Lastly , the killer is so painfully obvious even from the promos that there is no point in watching this movie at all . The predictability is tremendous.Don ' t bother with `` Valentine . '' It 's a huge waste of time . I would go as far to say it is one of the worst movies I have seen in my life . That 's saying a lot considering I used to work at a movie store and I 'm a big horror movie fan .
 I finally saw this lame excuse for a slasher movie just the other day ! And what can I say but this `` Valentine '' should definitly be returned to its sender ! I mean the suspense was barely existent , the characters were all one-dimensional unrelatable bores , the movies low budget was just too noticable , there was no nudity , the pacing was seriously uneven , most of the acting was nothing to brag about , and as if that was n't bad enough the characters were much too pretension and wooden ! And the endind to say the least was too damn confusing ! I mean who actually was the killer , I do n't know ! And was David Boreanaz Jeremy Melton or was n't he ?! And c'mon that poor lowly , loveless , nerd gets stripped almost naked at the school dance and brutally hazed and somehow their are no grown ups there to break it up ?! Yeah Right ! And let 's see a past misdeed coming back to haunt some people years later ! Let 's see does n't that sound like the same tired premise already inherent in `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' , `` Tamara '' , and of course the original Prom Night ?! To name a few ! All I 'm getting at is you want a slasher that 's done right you can find that in most of your `` Halloween '' movies and your `` Friday the 13th '' all 3 Prom Night sequels among others ! But the ideas used here not only do n't work but are only good if you ca n't sleep one night ! ZZZ !
 Let me sum this movie up for you : Bad ActingHorrible ScriptingTerrible CastingOK Set DesignBad ThemeOver the Top KillingsPut this on the shelf and never take it down !
 Dumb revenge flick most-likely inspired by a writer 's negative experiences with women . I recommend playing this while waiting for your flu medication to kick in . Might be an okay movie to have on as background noise . Other than that , avoid this one .
 This is possibly the worst book to movie transition I have ever seen . Whereas the book was a five star thriller , the movie is just another cheap slasher film with absolutely nothing to redeem it from the crap that it is . I have been disappointed many times by movies made from books I have read , but never on this grand a scale . Tom Savage has written only a handful of books , but they are all edge-of-your-seat thrillers , so I was very excited to hear `` Valentine '' was being made into a movie . And if it had been made properly it would have been good . Instead , a horrible script in the hands of a truly terrible director turned this masterpiece into a shameful mess . I urge everyone who saw this movie and hated it as much as I did to read the book . It is nothing like the movie . In fact I recently reread the book and realized , with the exception of the title , the book is an entirely different story . If you have not seen the movie , do n't waste your time , read the book instead .
 I was very excited to see another Valentine horror movie coming out ; the last one I remember was My Bloody Valentine about some Cole Minor named Harry Nabob or something like that , very bad film . But Valentine looked like it would be good and it was actually until the ending.The pretty boy being the killer again is just played out . Scream was good everything else is just redundant . Imagine if the geeky boy who was attacked by the bullies actually got burned or his face was horribly deformed in a fall or something like that . He goes to the mental institution and years later he escapes or is released into society , but escaped is much better . This masked figure then chases down the mean kids and kills them one by one , then the climax when we see his face it shows the reason he is so angry and deranged.I give it 2 stars because it could have been so good and I can always pretend the ending was good .
 This is probably one of my least favorite horror films ever . What really makes it bad is that it could 've very easily been a modern horror classic if there had been just a few changes because this movie really had some good stuff in it but the good just did n't outweigh the bad.PLOT : The plot is simple enough . It revolves around a group of five women who have been friends since middle school . At a sixth grade valentine 's dance they were particularly mean to a nerdy kid named Jeremy Melton . One of the friends who used to be fat got caught of guys making out with him and she says that he attacked her to avoid embarassment . The boys that caught them then pour something on him and rip his clothes off down to his underwear and beat him up . Well years later the group of friends start receiving threatening Valentine 's cards in the mail and are then routinely picked off one by one.CAST : Denise Richards -LRB- Paige Prescott -RRB-
 Come on guys , why use your acting talent on an average script like this one?David Boreanaz basically transplanted his Angel good-guy persona onto this movie . We never see him being bad . He is capable of much more complex work , as he showed several times in the Angel TV series.The same can be said of Denise Richards . She is beautiful , and she plays the vixen well , but the complexity is beneath her talent.The script is average , and the premise is tired . I know you moviemakers and team all have to earn a living , but we live for your work , so do n't disappoint us so !
 This is a routine slasher movies that lacks the stylish murders that Argento or Bava would have created .
 I am a huge horror fan and was expecting a really good horror but instead I got a boring thriller . The death scenes are so boring , there is no action the killer just kills his victims and there is no chase . I mean the story was okay but it did drag a little and you could tell who the killer was right away.I think Denise Richards did pretty well but her death scene was too cheasy . I feel her character was a pretty strong woman but her death was weak , they could 've used a little more action on her part . Also there is a character named Lily who I enjoyed and then she died it was so stupid because the killer shot her with arrows and she just stood there . The ending was so stupid and way too dark believe me this is one valentine you will wan na skip .
 Jamie Blanks is a fan of slasher films and was trying to pay homage to people like Carpenter and Craven with this film . But it just goes to show you that just because you toss in a few name actors it does n't guarantee that you 'll have a good movie . The film is technically sound and looks pretty good , but it 's filled with all the overdone slasher cliche 's , is ridiculously predictable , and rather dull.As the story goes a nerdy 6th grader is laughed at by all the girls in his class . He 's unjustly sent to reform school and we cut ahead 10 years where presumably the killer is back for his revenge on all those that wronged him . Whooppeee ! I got laughed at by plenty of girls in the 6th grade . What boy did n't ? Did n't send us off on a murder spree . Well two of the girls are murdered after receiving death threats in their Valentines cards -LRB- cool -RRB- and the rest throw a Valentine 's party . Great idea right ? Get all the targets together in one place . So much easier to kill all of them , all the while wearing an oh so cute cupid mask.Denise Richards is along as the ubiquitous horror film eye-candy but do n't get too excited . There 's nothing to be seen here on the part of any of the women and one wonders just what the `` R '' rating was for . She does die a fairly neat death though . I liked David Boreanaz as Angel but he 's essentially playing the same , stone-faced , single-expressioned pretty boy here as he did in Angel . It would have been nice to see a little depth.Technically the film looks good . It 's filmed well and they try to throw a lot of red herrings at you to disguise the killer 's identity but if you 're a slasher film vet you probably wo n't have too much trouble figuring it out very early on . Valentine is not entirely horrible , but it 's so unoriginal that you 'll be sure you 've seen it a dozen times already .
 This movie is one of the worst ` horror ' movies I 've seen -LRB- believe me , I 've seen a lot since I 'm a horror movie fan -RRB- ... Truly , the only good thing about this movie is its soundtrack , that 's about it .
 It 's a shame that Valentine is the first big-screen appearance of David Boreanaz -LRB- that I know of -RRB- , because its one of the more dismal offerings in the post-modern slasher flick genre . I noticed in the credits that `` Valentine '' is based on a book , and I can only wonder about it , given the hogwash the film turned out to be.If this chap Jamie Blanks is such a fan of the genre , he sure does n't show it , since he ignores both the tricks of the genre and innovative twists on them . Cupid or Jeremy Melton or whatever the masked killer is supposed to be called lacks the meance of even `` Scream 's '' Ghostface , let alone one of the titans like Michael Myers . Blanks dispenses with the ways in which said menace can be established , as well as the ways in which Scream turned the nature of the killer on its head by keeping the villain all too human . No reason why the killer wears a mask or kills the way he does is ever given . Further , the killer seems to be something of an amateur , taking lives in ways that are neither efficient , horrifying , nor ironic . The relationship established between Boreanaz and the killer in the final minute of the film is , in turns , both painfully obvious and a let down . Its too obvious for the film 's ` big star ' to have this relationship.The character building of the five lead actresses is a nice touch , but we 're never given a reason to care for them , and , thus , never give a damn about what happens to them . The audience could identify with Jamie Lee Curtis or Heather Langenkamp all too well , but with these ladies , not at all . Its only the strong , if unsympathetic , preformances by these actresses and the high production vales which keep me from giving `` Valentine '' a single star.Keep trying Jamie . Michael and Jason and Freddie do n't have anything to worry about just yet .
 I still ca n't believe that Jamie Blanks -LRB- the director of Urban Legend -RRB- directed this movie !!! This movie failed in every element to provide a scary movie . The first weak element was the directing.The second weak element was the plot . The story did not deliver anything new . It was a big failure , because it was just a bad mimic for the best scary movies Halloween , Scream , Urban Legend & I know What You Did Last Summer.The third weak element was that everything was very much predictable , even the ending too was weak & predicatable.The fourth weak element was the lack of suspense . Of course when the directing , plot & events are weak how can there be suspense ?!! Simply this movie was not creative at all . I 'd recommend `` Jeepers Creepers '' instead .
 There have been audiences for horror films for generations . In the 1930s Dracula and Frankenstein were so popular they spawned sequels , which were rarities in those days . Valentine 's origins do n't go back that far . They date to the 1970s , when cheaply produced movies like Friday the 13th and Halloween were making producers rich . These were so called slasher flicks , in which cute and not very bright teenagers were done in by predatory fiends with unearthly powers . Valentine 's characters are a bit older , but they are also cute and rather dimwitted . As movies in general go , it is n't that good , but judged within the horror genre , which has fallen on hard times lately , it 's decent enough.The movie starts in a school gymnasium where a group of sixth graders are attending a dance . The class geek asks several girls to dance with him and is quite rudely rejected . Later , a much less attractive girl agrees to dance with him . They wind up smooching under the bleachers . A rowdy group of boys catches them , and when the frightened girl says the geek attacked her , they beat him up . The poor kid winds up being sent to reform school . -LSB- Horror buffs already know where all this is headed . -RSB- Thirteen years later , we find out that the girls involved in the incident have grown up to be best friends . Life is good , and all of them have bright futures . Or they think they do . Someone , however , has held an awesome grudge all these years and is out for murderous revenge . Is it the boy or is it someone you 'd least suspect ? The movie does a reasonably good job of keeping us guessing until the very end . That ending is not nearly as clever or as logical as the movie 's makers hoped it would be , but it 's no sillier than others in films of its type.The cast is somewhat above par for this sort of thing . The most interesting performance is given by Jessica Capshaw , whose mother , Kate , is Mrs. Steven Spielburg . It 's a bit unsettling to see Denise Richards in yet another horror flick . She 's proved several times she can do better career-wise . Director Jamie Banks , who also did Urban Legends , keeps the action moving at a brisk pace and provides a reasonable amount of jolting moments . Much of the movie was filmed in someone 's huge house in California . Its rather Gothic decor makes a suitable backdrop .
 Well , being a fan of genre slasher films , I decided to give this a test run . Not only was I disgusted at the simple-hack - 'em - up plot -LRB- a la the two stars -RRB- , but how it mercilessly rips off much better and more suspenseful horror flicks . `` Valentine '' is basically about a nerdy high-schooler who was beaten and humiliated at the junior high prom who gets sworn revenge against the five women who have rejected him twenty years after . A simple plot for sex , beautiful women and plenty of gore . `` Valentine '' has some good points about it . One is one of the bitchy girls , played by the always sexy Denise Richards , who enjoys chewing on the scenery and the wafer-thin dialogue , while David Boreanaz gives the movie a fresh look and feel , while still wearing his traditional `` Angel '' smile . The last good thing mentioning about this movie is that it has about some good moments of suspense that go along with its constantly meandering plot . Not enough for a five-star rating , but it 's enough . `` Valentine '' is a dumb , brutal , merciless and predictable slasher film , only highlighted with some -LRB- only a few -RRB- moments of suspense and the enjoyable performances by Denise Richards and David Boreanaz.Rated R for strong violence and gore , sexuality and for language .
 I rented this movie expecting something much more then I got . Maybe I just wanted to see it because of its female cast , or I expected another scream , but there were so many things wrong with this script . First comes the part when Shelly runs from the killer and into the morgue , then hides in a BODY BAG . Predictable and forshadowing about what will happen to her in the next moment . Next , when Lilly dies after being shot with three arrows and falling from a balcony into a dumpster , no ever knows she 's dead but the killer . Then comes the part when people who had nothing to do with Jeremy in the sixth grade start getting killed -LRB- like Dorothy 's boyfriend and Kate 's crossdressing neighbor -RRB- , which proves that the killer is in fact NOT Jeremy . And when exactly did the detective get beheaded and have his severed head thrown in the fountain ? Finally , the worst part was when the killer is shot dead before the mask is removed , so you have no idea what the motives were , and when Kate and Adam hug and nosebleed , the blood comes out at an awkward angle , displaying a poor job on special effects.Now the film is not atrocious like I Still Know What You Did Last Summer , so it could be worth watching more than once , and any red-blooded male can dig Denise Richards , maybe more so than Jennifer Love Hewitt , but good-looking actresses can not save the film when it is poorly written . Hell , I think I could have written a better script and storyline . I 'm also real bored with all this `` nu-metal '' that dominates the soundtrack . -LRB- I Think -RRB- the underground of extreme metal features much more skill , but the general public hates it and when the script is already meant for the paper shredder , a bunch of uncommercial death and black metal will not get the film the audience that Hollywood craves .
 Remember when the Farrelly Brothers made funny films ? Remember `` There 's Something About Mary '' ? Their new film `` Hall Pass '' desperately wants you to remember this connection . `` Mary '' seems to be the watershed moment in the Brothers ' career and raised our expectations too high , I guess they hope we will be fooled into believing `` Hall Pass '' is as good ... Is any good ... The new film is funny , at times , and contains the required necessary Farrelly gross out gags -LRB- which are also funny -RRB- , but you expect more from the Brothers ; many , many jokes do n't work , the film stars Owen Wilson who is spectacularly miscast and the film looks like it was made at an old shopping mall . The film is a wash , a mess and a trial to sit through . . Rick -LRB- Wilson -RRB- , a realtor , is married to Maggie -LRB- Jenna Fischer , TV 's `` The Office '' -RRB- and is best friends with Fred -LRB- Jason Sudeikis , `` Saturday Night Live '' -RRB- , an insurance salesman , who is married to Grace -LRB- Christina Applegate -RRB- . Both men are adults who act as mature as the horny teenagers they wish they still were . Rick watches an attractive young woman walk by while he is with his wife , upsetting her . The two women talk with their friend , Dr. Lucy -LRB- Joy Behar , WTF ? -RRB- who mentions that she gave her husband a ` hall pass ' many years ago . He did n't use it , but the idea of it reinvigorated their marriage . After much discussion , Maggie and Grace decide to give it a try . Rick and Fred are ecstatic and their circle of buddies , Gary -LRB- Stephen Merchant , Ricky Gervais ' producing partner -RRB- , Hog-Head -LRB- Larry Joe Campbell -RRB- and Flats -LRB- J. B. Smoove -RRB- want ringside seats for the week of debauchery.There are a few laughs in `` Hall Pass '' , but these seem few and very far between . When you are sitting in a theater , watching a comedy , and you sit for long periods of time without laughing , what happens ? The film seems very long . Worse , when you do find yourself laughing at the silly , stupid humor and the gross out gags , you remember back to `` There 's Something About Mary '' . These filmmakers once made a film that was so funny I had to watch it again to catch all of the jokes I missed the first time . `` Hall Pass '' does n't suffer the same fate . What happened between the two films ? Did they forget how to make us laugh?When we first meet Rick and Fred , there seem to be a lot of opportunities for laughs . But these opportunities seem to evaporate in thin air . I think a lot of the problem arises from the casting , Owen Wilson is miscast . Rick is supposed to be the moral center of the film . Yes , he jumps at the chance to use his hall pass , but he also seems the most conflicted about it . Wilson usually plays the schemer , the mover and shaker , the liar and this provides him with something to so , no matter how annoying it may be . In `` Hall Pass '' , he does n't have this and it makes him seem boring . He ca n't do anything with the character to make him seem interesting and worth watching . He simply whines through most of the film.I have n't really liked a lot of Owen Wilson 's work in the past few years , have I ? Yet , I keep going to his films . He seems to continue getting work with filmmakers I admire or hope to enjoy , yet he is often the worst thing about the film . In `` Hall Pass '' , he is n't the worst thing , but he does n't add enough to redeem it either.Jason Sudeikis plays Fred who , unlike Rick , does n't seem to have a moral compass . Or at least he does n't seem to care as much about cheating on his wife . And he relishes the outlandish things Rick does . And these antics provide most of the laughs in the film.Jenna Fischer and Cristina Applegate play the wives . I 'm not sure if these roles are supposed to be completely humorless , but they are . The two women realize that if there husbands get a hall pass , they should get the same . So they head to the shore . There , they meet two guys who start to pour on the charm . The husbands are cheating , why ca n't they?There are two or three gross out gags providing the most memorable moments in the entire film . But that 's a bit of a double-edged sword . I 'm thankful the gags are there , but it is disappointing they are the best and most memorable bits of the film . In a better film , they would only be an accent . But that would be in a better film.A lot of the little story lines and some of the characters seem to go nowehere . Rick is attracted to a beautiful , younger Australian woman who works at the coffee shop he frequents . Her co-worker , a nerdy guy who looks like he would be at home at an open mike poetry night , takes offense and an instant dislike to Rick . He sees him oogling his co-worker . Every time Rick comes in , the male barista tries to stand in his way . Again , an amusing idea but it does n't go anywhere . The filmmakers are only interested in getting Rick and the young woman together . And this seems to take forever.The Greek Chorus surrounding Rick and Fred are a mixed bag , It is an amusing concept ; three nerdy , equally childish men trying to live vicariously through their ` heroes ' . But nothing really develops and they disappear for at least half of the film . Stephen Merchant is the most memorable and has a funny moment during the credits . Honestly , if the entire film were of the same quality as these last few moments , we would have another `` There 's Something About Mary '' . Richard Jenkins plays Coakler , a man both men revere for his skills with the women . Fred and Rick refer to him many times throughout , their circle of friends also seem to revere him . But when he makes an appearance , very late in the story , he is completely forgettable . It was n't worth waiting for him and the anticipation only serves to highlight how disappointing this usually very talented actor 's participation is.Joy Behar pops up as a published author . I guess she is supposed to be modeled on Dr. Laura , and friend of Maggie and Grace , Why Joy Behar is in this film is beyond me , way beyond me , a space galaxy beyond me . She is n't funny and does n't seen as though she is supposed to.Perhaps the most perplexing thing is how cheap the film looks . It seems like the entire film was shot in a shopping mall because every scene seems lit incorrectly , it appears harsh , fake and the light washes out all detail giving everything a flat look . I do n't normally comment on such things unless it is really noticeable or really bad . In `` Hall Pass '' it is both . `` Hall Pass '' is a big misfire . The few jokes do n't make up for the interminable amount of time spent waiting for them to happen . The Farrelly Brothers ' next film is `` The Three Stooges '' . Originally , Jim Carrey and Sean Penn were going to star . That would be interesting . But both dropped out . Now Andy Samburg is the big headliner . Should we take a cue from Carrey and Penn and get a `` Hall Pass '' for the Farrelly Brothers ' next film ?
 Worst movie I see this year the trailer was better then the movie . It just gets lamer as I watched and the movie is 40 min too long . For a hall pass movie you would expect to see some nude females but this movie is PG when it comes to females then it has a scene with two naked guys showing it all this is the reason it is Rated R but come on . Except for that jokes are those you taught were funny in high school , the guys pretend to be super stupid and lame whats with all the nasty bathroom humor and I mean real defecation , do not while watching this or you will be puking next out of nastiness rank 10 out 10 on nastiness level .
 I do n't know what the heck is going on but I ordered this movie on Black Friday when they had a special going on . On that day the description for this movie was , Blu-ray/DVD , Digital Copy . So I ordered it , it was a great deal.Received the blu-ray and low and behold , I get a blu-ray with one disk ! The disk as the theatracal version and the extended version.So in my order review I click on the link and all of a sudden the title has changed to , 2 Disk set basically.I contact Amazon , they say they are sorry and they are going to send me the proper one.I received this disk overnight and guess what , it is the same disk ! One dang disk in there . So I go back to my order that they `` corrected '' and clicked on the link , and YET AGAIN the description has changed to , Hall Pass -LRB- Blu Ray -RRB- . No mention of 2 disk , digital copy , etc. . . , etc. . . To say I am beyond frustrated and upset would be an understatement . I do n't know what the heck is going on , but I want my original order which was for a blu-ray/dvd digital copy , not this one disk crap .
 I think the producers , directors , and actors were n't on the same page when they made this movie . It seemed like they were trying hard to go the Hangover route , but also trying to make it into a good-hearted comedy . Similar to the 40 year old virgin . which is probably why the two main guys were such geeks . I did n't find myself caring much about them and their situations.I do n't mind the raunchy crude comedy , but if you are going to go that route . You need to go all the way and be over the top . The whole thing seemed too scripted and did n't really flow.Also , this movie should not be an hour and forty five minutes long . They need to have a director 's cut and throw out about 20-30 minutes . I actually stopped it at an hour and thirty minutes.I should have stopped it a lot sooner.Although I did n't know what happened at the end and wasted all that time watching up to that point . I really could n't care less , but If I had to guess , I 'm sure I could figure out the ending .
 Most of my favorite actors have already abandoned Hollywood and are wisely pursuing their own careers . The rest , of course , have signed on to this mess of a movie . This film contains every single actor and actress that are still aboard and rapidly sinking with the ship.Sure , there are very talented writers out there trying to pitch their ideas to Hollywood , but Hollywood is still going with horrible scripts written by their first cousin 's brother-in-law . And their lack of vision shows . Nay , it shines!Inspired by a book of 100 dirty jokes , this flick fails to amuse , and least importantly , completely wastes your time . Instead , I encourage everyone to turn this stupidity off , and go out and do some good in the world !
 I order this item , and it is not a blu-ray/dvd/digital combo pack . I only received a blu-ray disc . That is it . I love the movie , and was extremely disappointed when it arrived . I have processed a return , but I do n't know how to get the combo pack , since this is described as a combo pack ???
 This is one disgusting film . I felt violated after seeing it . And Owen Wilson is not funny . In fact , he must feel like a real low-life for taking the money for making this film ... it is called stealing . In fact , anyone who sees it should be paid to see it , not the other way around .
 unable to view purchase . Not formatted . apparently a burned DVD . As it was a present , and only 3 dollars , I disposed of the paperwork , otherwise it should have been returned .
 I have n't read any reviews that pointed this out yet but it 's bugging the crap out of me while watching the film . It seems like the whole plot was meant to make you buy things companies spent a lot of money to advertise and the writers did n't give two craps about covering that up . There is a scene where the guys talk about how awesome Applebee 's is and make it seem like a great place to hang out and be cool . Then they throw in a reference about how you 'll get laid by all the hot chicks at Chilli 's . All of this is repeated several times throughout the movie . Frankly product placement is n't all that unusual these days so I suppose otherwise you would n't notice it but the plot and acting is horrible . The actors dont seem to give a damn about trying hard and again the writers did n't give them much to strive for . So many movies these days fail to make you like the protagonist before they start the plot going and this is another in that line . Bathroom humor is again borne out here and I really have a hard time finding the laughter in this childish work too.Finally im sick of this marriage is lame Hollywood kick . What happened to just creating bold characters instead of weak willed losers . Ugh . Avoid this movie at all costs .
 Last night 's bargain-rack movie was the `` Hall Pass '' DVD . Yaawwwnnnn ! It was a frivolous but mildly amusing story of a couple bored married men longing for the party , party , party days of their younger single life . Somehow , I felt as if I 'd heard that story line before . Yaawwwnnnn ! I might add that the parties they longed for seemed as boring as the basic plot of this movie . After a few routine marriage-type clashes with their wives , it was proposed that they be allowed to be free from marriage for a week break , what was called a `` Hall Pass . '' It was proposed by the wives and , of course the husbands leaped at the opportunity to be free and unmarried , at least for a week.The movie chronicles the events of the Hall Pass week and it bored me to watch it unfold in a predictable fashion . I might add , that I was single for over five decades and know the single life well . It 's not as glamorous and fun-filled as Hollywood depicts . I think memories are filled with the pleasant times and the less-pleasant events fade away . Anyway , night after night of the Hall Pass week went buy with the main result of them getting tired and longing for home and family . Some of the incidents depicted are amusing to watch , but most of them are just embarrassing . Is that good comedy ? Being embarrassed by what you 're viewing ? Well , I guess that 's some people 's idea . This movie was so cliche-ridden and predictable that I began to long for the ending . Meanwhile , the wives also had a marriage-free week , something the husbands had devoted little thought to , and they fared somewhat better . All in all , the movie was tiresome , albeit with amusing parts here and there , and I guess that 's the kind of movie that fits the end of a long busy day.Gary Peterson
 This seems like a great potential story
 Another comedy with no actual comedy . Who watches this trash ? The IQ level is sub-moronic . Now , I like gross-out humor as much as the next guy , but , please , entertain me while doing it . This mess never gets off the ground . The concept is dumb , as two middle-aged white guys get a hall pass from their wives to live it up like they are single for a week . Chaos and boredom ensue . ZZZZZzzzzzz .
 This movie had plenty of laughs , but I lost all interest after the two naked men pull owen wilson from the hot tub . Could have totally done without seeing that . If you can overlook that scene then I guess it was an alright move , maybe 31/2 stars .
 Totally disappointed . Not even worth for single star . Too crap script and no laugh at all . Recommend not to buy this movie in any means .
 Not worth the cost of rental . No , you do n't watch this for the acting or the amazing writing -- which is good because the acting and writing are horrible . You watch it because it 's supposed to be funny . There were maybe 2-3 truly funny parts , but they are so few and far between it makes the rest of the movie painful . I nearly just turned it off and abandoned the movie three times . Not worth your time !
 Besides a poorly designed and viewer unfriendly DVD menu -LRB- e.g. lack of chapter or subtile options -RRB- the next obvious criterion for quickly discerning the quality of a movie is the number of songs used as a filler for lack of acting , story , script , directing , etc. and this production had 42 , yes 42 songs of mostly poor unknown quality at that . Possibly a record for any movie in history thus far . The over 17 rating forewarning at the beginning tells of `` crude sexual language '' that plus filler music plus the principal theme of old guys looking at young females should tell us something about the value of 90 minutes of American time . The only explanation is that these rom-coms must be produced for lonely dissatisfied American men and women still stuck in some adolescent fantasy world.The only surprise is that neither a N.Y. or L.A. studio was the customary cash cow assembly line source for this well worn redundant genre . Money speaks and Atlanta listened .
 they ruined the careers of some fine actors . Everything was bad , even the lighting was horrible like I had a bad copy -LRB- no this is NOT special effects -RRB- . The acting was as if they said , here read your lines . Out of an hour and a half I maybe laughed for one minute . While the idea would make for a great story , it was like a home movie trying too hard .
 I never write a review ! But be warned . This movie was disturbing.I 'm a fan of comedy but REALLy ? This was just gross !
 Item description said that this was the Blu-Ray + Digital Copy , the product I received did not have the digital copy ...
 Dear Warner Bros , Thank you do much for the 11 minutes of previews before the movie . It is so nice of you to have deactivated the menu and chapter skip buttons so we have to slog through them with the fast forward .
 If you loved this movie and want the DVD for the outrageous special features you ca n't get on rental DVDs - outtakes , bloopers , commentary , interviews , behind the scenes , etc - DO N'T BOTHER ! The `` special features '' -LRB- which I ca n't believe they had the nerve to make plural -RRB- include ONE deleted scene . ONE . Why even bother ??? Save yourself some money and buy a previous rental copy . Note to the studio
 Another movie with good actors but a stupid , predictable plot.Did I mention it was horrible and a complete waste of time .
 Horrible ! Just horrible ! If you think Owen Wilson is funny you should be shot . I would n't recommend this movie even if it 's just to waste time .
 hall pass had a somewhat cool concept , but could 've done way better . it had a couple laughs here and there , but it was n't anything super hysterical or anything i would bring up to someone in conversation . about 3/4 into the movie i was over it and just wanted it to end . i probably would n't watch it again , even out of absolute boredom . worth a try , but it wo n't be anything spectacular .
 The men of the movie take their wives for granted so the wives grant them a hall pass - do what they want for a week . Of course , the men are so out of practice and completely tame from years of marriage that they really do nothing ... a little unbelievable , given the married men I know . Of course , the wives have an effortless time getting something going with new men , so the Hall Pass kinda backfires . It was funny in places but the ending is bad , with one of the characters getting away with her transgression a little to easily to be rewarding . Not the Farelly Brothers best .
 The idea of getting a ` Hall Pass ' from marriage sounds great , who would not like that ? After watching the movie my wife told me ` absolutely not ! ' , there you have it.There were few parts that were funny , but I would not consider this movie a comedy . Maybe it was the script that was bad . It really is not a family movie to watch with children.For those of you who have idealistic opinions about marriage with children , you should see this movie to see how it is like in real life . Yes , men will do all of those things portrayed in this movie -LRB- perhaps women too , I would n't know -RRB- , except the crass conversations .
 Love the actors , but the acting -LRB- probably because of the script -RRB- was horrible ! The babysitter did the best acting job - seriously . Some say it makes the men look like idiots , and somehow the women ` win ' in the end . Honestly , I 'd have to believe someone in this movie was real before feeling offended . There is gross out toilet humor , a couple of boobs , and what I think to be -LRB- but who knows -RRB- a fake male body part . If you 're of age , and that sounds good to you , save yourself some money and just rent it . Obviously not for kids .
 What does it say when the best parts of a film are in the outtakes?Pathetically derivative screenplay and predictably average direction . Pretty much what you would expect mixing ` Fried Green Tomatoes ' with ` The Hangover ' . The best gag
 Be cautious about Warner Brothers movies that include a digital copy -- they EXPIRE quickly , and it is not obvious on the packaging . I had purchased Inception from Target on June 12 , 2011 for $ 29.99 . When I attempted to redeem the digital copy , I found it had expired on May 6 , 2011 -- over a month before I had purchased it . I contacted Warner Brothers about what had happened , and the representative told me there was nothing I could do because they adequately posted the expiration date on the DVD insert , the redemption Web site , and on the box . Two of those methods are moot because you have to open the box before finding out the information . The expiration date is on the back of the DVD in fine print , meanwhile the '' + digital copy '' is in very large print on the front of the box . How many times do you look at the back of a movie before buying it ? So obviously Warner Brothers was n't helpful , and Target would n't take the movie back even though some of the `` product '' had expired before purchase because I had opened it . I have unsuccessfully tried to resolve this with the corporations involved , so I 'm warning the public directly now to prevent it from happening to other consumers .
 This movie fails on many levels to deliver on what I expected to be a much funnier outing for Wilson . The movie falls down on humor and really overall quality . Do n't get me wrong - there are some funny moments but they are few and further between than I would have liked . I did n't like the characters enough to care what happened to them and I did n't believe what happened to them when it did happen . The blonde is not believable and she is unlikely as the realistic sexual interest for Owen Wilson -LRB- unless he is OWEN WILSON - ACTOR and not the character in the movie -RRB- . This is not a movie that I will watch again . Better than Bad Teacher - MUCH MUCH MUCH worse than Wedding Crashers -LRB- my benchmark film in this genre -RRB- .
 You 're 40ish . In your dumbest hour , do you go to Applebees to pick up easy women ? So so dumb . The couple of laughs ca n't save this sad excuse for a comedy .
 Not nearly as funny as I expected but there is some very humorous dialog . I would like to have given it 3 stars but I ca n't because of one revolting sight gag and the presence of the talent-less Joy Behar . Okay to rent not to own . I doubt that I would ever watch it again .
 this movie is for people over 40 who are married and are not happy with their marriage . has to be the stupidest movie ever made . do n't not recomend buying . if you want to buy it , email me and ill trade it for blue ray transformers one . azboarder23 @ yahoo.com
 Dear friends
 I usually like Owen Wilson , but this was just awful . It was predictable beyond reason , it was so predictable maybe a computer wrote it . I do not think we laughed one time , which is pretty sad.A good cast , Wilson , Fischer , Applegate , Campbell and so on just completed wasted . Do n't bother with it , more hype than results .
 whats up with hollywood ? what a big disappointment . I want watch another movie that Peter Farrelly directs or if he 's even is involved with it .
 repetative and boring . One of their first movies that I actually could not finish . I 'm not going to write a huge script as to why this movie does n't work , just know that it did n't . I am very easy to please when it comes to movie selection and almost always love movies that these actors are in but through this movie it was just lame . sorry .
 I was disappointed that this movie used unnecssary nudity and graphic language about sex to get a few laughs . It would have been just as funny without them . I will not recommend this movie to any one . The story line could have been better . Do guy really want to be portrayed as stupid sex addicts ?
 I have seen each of the main characters shine in comedic roles before , but the script for this film was highly lacking and so were their performances . A couple reviewers said `` laughed til I cried '' or `` hilarious '' -- what movie did you watch ? I mean , I am being completely earnest right now when I say those viewers must have been drinking heavily or smoking some really interesting things before watching this . I read mixed reviews beforehand , so I knew it might not be great -- but I really was n't prepared for how much I would actually hate it.Let me just say , I am not a comedy snob . I laugh at everything . I 'm rarely offended . Also , I watch SNL , which is why I love Jason Sudeikis , but this movie just fell short at every angle . What could have been a clever plot that set up loads of hilarious situations was instead boring , slow , and unimaginative . I constantly felt like I was waiting for something funny to happen , but it NEVER did . The lackluster dialogue between actors Wilson and Sudeikis truly let me down the most . Each attempt to be funny morphed into something disgusting -LRB- once again , not offended by this , just revealing that you should expect projectile diarrhea . -RRB- Only it was n't funny-gross , it was just sad-gross -- like watching Kathy Griffin live life on the D-list ... and that analogy directly correlates to the movie , in case you do in fact , watch it.That 's all I 'm saying
 I basically agree with marcus t brody . He had the most helpful review . The trailer looked awesome . the barista girl was extremely hot . They should paint her and hang her up in a art museum . The movie was a huge let down and did n't really fit the plot description it was a lot of dead air and i do n't think i laughed once ! Owen wilson definitely took a step back in his career with this film and i love the guy ! Do n't ever pay to watch this film . For the people who watched this film there are more people saying this movie sucks and the ones who say it 's funny probably had a lot of alcohol before watching it !
 Good thing i only spent 99 cents for this movie . There were only a couple of scenes that I found funny and the rest I only felt obligated to see because I spent money on it .
 Some funny parts here and there , but mostly sucked . It definitely was n't worth paying to watch , I would n't watch it again , but if you could get it free , it might be ok .
 couple funny parts but for how good the idea was the movie just does n't deliver . It 's like the film ca n't decide if it 's serious and heartfelt or just trying to be over the top funny . Ends up being neither , Ending is dumb , some of the most repeated jokes are n't even funny .
 There are lots of movies touting stupid acting guys -LRB- and an increasing number of gals - way to fight for those equal rights , ladies ! -RRB- , overflowing with bodily fluids , sophomoric sexual one-liners , random acts of nudity , and usually some kind of mind alteration . These movies used to just be scenes strung together via dumb jokes , but thanks to The Hangover and its inexplicable Oscar nomination , now they try to pass off as farce . A farce needs clever writing and insightful satire to work well . However , the writing has become so awful and lacking in creativity that no matter how much I prepare myself for movies like this ; they always let me down because they end up far more stupid than funny , and far dumber and juvenile than I anticipate . How low should expectations be?The latest movie in this growing genre is Hall Pass , a movie I proudly lump with Step Brothers as
 The Farrelly brothers hit a high point with Dumb and Dumber -LRB- which is kind of sad since that was their debut as filmmakers -RRB- , but it seems like they 've been on a downward spiral ever since . There 's Something About Mary was probably more popular and there was a little bit of buzz surrounding Me , Myself , and Irene , but everything else the Farrelly brothers have done have either fallen under the radar or everyone has forgotten about for a good reason -LRB- i.e. Shallow Hal -RRB- . So along comes Hall Pass , the first Farrelly brothers feature film in four years . The trailers and TV spots did seem to give the impression that the film would at least be fun and entertaining and the film turns out to be funnier than some may expect , but Hall Pass tends to come up a little short in its execution.As you can probably guess , Hall Pass gets pretty over the top and raunchy at times . The Farrelly brothers have become notorious for that type of humor . So if getting high off of pot brownies and defecating on a golf course or trying to figure out what `` fake chow '' means does n't sound like a good time to you , then Hall Pass probably is n't the type of movie you want to see . You 'll probably be walking out around the time Rick wakes up in the jacuzzi at Leigh 's gym or once you realize what `` Knight Rider '' refers to . The film also felt like it was trying too hard to get laughs the majority of the time . There would be this big elaborate scene where Rick and Fred would try to get laid and it would backfire , but it did n't feel genuinely funny . I found myself laughing at the way certain lines were said in the film and facial expressions more than anything else . The finale of the film also feels really anticlimactic . Events in the film escalate in ridiculousness as the film progresses . The Hangover made something like that work , but you at least had a naked , Korean guy in the trunk waiting to hit you in the head with a crowbar and make the rest of the film fairly unpredictable . Hall Pass tries to cram action , drama , sex , a car chase , and a heartfelt speech into its conclusion . It was like the Farrelly brothers wanted to add a little substance to an otherwise , run of the mill R-rated comedy , but decided to throw in everything they could think of instead of sticking it out and making that one comedy as strong as it could possibly be.The cast is pretty decent . The chemistry between Owen Wilson and Jason Sudeikis is what 's front and center the entire film . Watching their confidence slowly crumble as they realize picking up women is n't as easy as they remember is one of the key elements to the humor in the film . Christina Applegate is just as funny and is used just as much in Hall Pass that she was in Anchorman while The Office 's Jenna Fischer does n't seem to stray too far away from her Pam Beesly character . Steven Merchant 's Gary is used sparingly in the film , but he has some pretty hilarious scenes that steal the show more often than not . His extra scene during the credits of the film is easily one of the highlights . It has all of the outrageous antics that just transpired in the film and then some condensed into about two minutes . The sad part is Gary 's fantasy may have made a better movie . Richard Jenkins is probably the highlight of the cast though . He was such a straight shooter , businessman type in Step Brothers and assisted a vampire to feed in Let Me In . To see him go from characters like that to Coakley , a sex-hound who can get any woman he wants , is kind of incredible.Hall Pass is more than a little disappointing overall . Its vulgar and outrageous humor will win over most who go to see it and , to be fair , it is funnier than expected . However , the film seems to try too hard to get laughs and insists on pushing the envelope far beyond its limits . Meanwhile , the rather action packed finale feels out of place and the last thing Rick says to Maggie makes the entire `` hall pass '' concept a waste of time . All in all , Hall Pass is n't completely terrible but it comes up short in actually being worthwhile .
 i had read the novel years ago but had never seen the film version , so when it was offered here , i ordered it with great expectations . maybe i forgot the story & overestimated it , but this is one of the Worst films made . Sigourney Weaver is Awful , a very stilted performance , awkward and spooky , slow , not moving , unsympathetic , not at all how i would have cast it . so i did n't watch it to the end . someone told me several yrs ago that it was n't good but i wanted to see for myself.sorry i invested in it , should have looked for a rental , but even that would 've been too much money for this pic .
 `` A Map of the World '' adaptation of Jane Hamilton 's novel is a sad story of bad luck changing the life of a woman and her family living in Wisconsin country . Snip
 Weak film all the way around . Screenplay and direction are a mess .
 I was really disappointed in this movie . So disappointed , in fact , that I could n't watch more than the first third of the movie -LRB- I kept hoping it would get better -RRB- . The overall feel of the movie was flat . I do n't know if it was the way it was filmed or the lack of background music in many parts , but I could n't get into the emotion that should have come with the movie . Some of the scripting was preposterous such as when some investigators just show up at a school meeting . That just did n't ring true . After that , I quit watching . I could n't imagine that things would get better .
 This is a movie by a couple of artists who later learned to do much better . You can , however , see the beginnings of their genius in this film.The plot concerns Barton Fink , an up-and-coming New York playwright whose recent successes attract the attention of a major Hollywood mogul . After signing a lucrative contract he finds himself holed up in a creepy Hollywood Hotel.What 's unfortunate about this movie is that many scenes which probably worked quite well on paper come off as somehow not right when you see them on the screen.An example of this would be the scenes where Barton interacts with the hotel staff . This probably seemed a lot more clever in the script , but when you see the scenes you do n't know what to make of them.Perhaps the best aspects of this film are the scenes with the William Faulkner character , whose tenure in Hollywood was , in fact , as bizarre as it is depicted.But in most of the rest of the movie , the directors seem to have ideas but not know what to do with them . For example using John Goodman as a satanic angel of death provides the odd chuckle , but it 's hard to see what he 's doing in this movie . I have thought that the main thrust of the film was to explore the angst and futility of a young , soulful writer trying to put his heart on the page in this business that simply did n't care . The fact that this movie turned into a murder mystery about half way through really ended up scuttling that.The Coen brothers , of course , later proved themselves masters of creeping an audience out , and , at least in this department , they do n't disappoint in this film . The problem is , unlike in their later films , the creepiness seems to be for no purpose and to go nowhere.I believe the whole idea of a studio smooshing a passionate writer certainly held promise . But there is so much extraneous matter floating around this film that what could have been thoughtful and meaningful ends up being blunted in every way .
 I 'm a big fan of the Cohen brothers as well as John Goodman and Jon Turturo , but I did not enjoy this film . They wrote the film while they had writer 's block during the creation of Miller 's Crossing and it shows . The plot is incredibly flat and slow . The climax with John Goodman is completely predictable and that makes for a boring ending to an incredibly boring film .
 Barton Fink is a poorly written and directed film . It is a string of random clich&eacute;s with some bad language and a little violence thrown into the mix and little more . Calling this a movie is an insult to the real movies out there.My advice is save your money and buy almost anything else . A more descriptive title would be `` Rotten Stink '' John Goodman is a fine actor and this is the worst film I have ever seen him associated with . I am also a fan of the Coen Brothers , but this is just a bad movie.The movie has no action , it is not funny , it is not romantic , it is not intellectual , it has no plot and it just sort of flops around on the screen like a fish out of water .
 This was possibly the worst movie I have ever seen . Do not watch it . Save two hours of your life . Trust me .
 Hey , the acting is good . And thats about the only positive mentionable in this entire ` movie ' . What good is acting without plot , without a cohesive story , with endless scenes that culminate in ... nothing . This is one of those rare movies judged not on itself but on its makers , and therefore has not been judged objectively but with the extreme bias of the typical wanna-be . `` I wanna-be in Hollywood , so I will praise a movie that laughs at Hollywood '' . Nary an interesting character in sight . A dull plot about writers block , I wish the Coen brothers had writers block when scripting this mess . Or maybe they did , and this was just the first thing that came to mind . One reviewer said `` it was a little slow in spots '' . More accurately , `` it was a little quick in spots '' , and the remaining 2 hours were slow . And France loves it ... If you want to see a good film about screenwriting , watch `` Adaptation '' . If you want to see a good Coen movie , watch `` Fargo '' . If you want to say `` huh ? '' a lot in between napping , watch `` Barton Fink '' .
 This movie is total Bull ! anybody who claims to like it , is probably faking it . The people who appreciate this movie , are probably like those who go to an Art Exhibition and appreciate Picaso 's paintings , even though they know that the paintings are total Bull ! hahathe other movies of Coen Brothers rock ! but this movie is total bull!I hope nobody goes thru the same pain I did while watching this movie.Bottom line
 Barton Fink is a film that feels a little scattered and slow in its first third , and ends on an even slower note . John Turturro , gives an amenable performance as the title charter but I never really feel like all his acting ability is challenged during this piece . With a murder mystery plot catching my attention a ways into the film , I finally started to care about the story line , even though I could have cared less about the characters . Not to say that all the performances in this film where wasted on fantastic actors ; John Goodman gives a stellar performance as a crazed serial killer playing an innocent friend and sales man to Barton . Steve Bushimi , though greatly under used , pulls off that crazy but creepy persona once again.Over all , this movie fairs about to be the same thing that it makes Hollywood out to be , full of the glitz and glamour on the outside with a dark and hard inside . Its a Coens ' brothers film so it should live up to the great ideals they had set for themselves at this point in their careers , but I find it lack luster . I would , however , consider watching this film again once it is released on DVD ; the lighting and color used in this film were very beautiful and were not done justice on VHS.Overall , not the Coens ' best work but there are a lot worse films out there to watch . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Watch this movie to see several fine actors give fine performances . John Mahoney , John Goodman , Judy Davis , all do good work . The cinematography , art direction , costume design , special effects , sound mixing
 Do not be fooled by this movie . It pretends to be Deep , but it is far from having any depth whatsoever . The movie progresses well until halfway through the movie when suddenly a plot twist comes out of nowhere , and instead of developing some of the characters further , they get bumped off . How convenient . The writers obviously did not know how to end the movie and the audience is left with no resolution and no plot . It sets a bad precedent for future movies . It 's not enough to be able to come up with a bunch of interesting , and bizarre , characters . There needs to be a plot , character development , and redemption or resolution , as well as foreshadowing if there is going to be a complete 180 degree turn in the plot . Otherwise , you are left with a movie with no meat on its bones , and no real point to watch . And I certainly do not enjoy being manipulated - I like a little `` hmmmm , I wonder what 's really going on ... '' and not something completely off the wall just because the writers have reached a stone wall and are throwing something in to pick up the plot ... . Character develpoment is always much more better than a twist that makes no sense whatsoever.Don ' t waste your time on this one .
 I wo n't retread what 's already been covered well about the new DVD release of Barton Fink . But I did want to expand on it . First , this is a great looking , well-acted , well-written movie . All my negative comments below must n't be taken with the film itself in mind ; only the lack of quality of the DVD release of said movie.Second , while the sound is good , I was surprised we are only given a stereo Dolby track . When the location of audio events is so key as in a film like Barton Fink , I would think 20th Century Fox would take advantage of the later surround technology and do a 5.1 or 6.1 remix.But the most disturbing issue I had with the DVD is for first time viewers of the film . If there 's any way on your player that you can skip the opening segment leading into the menu , and the menu itself , do so by all means . This gives away a key scene late in the picture and is a spoiler all by itself . Just play the movie . I wo n't elaborate for those who have n't seen the movie , just do not look at the menu until afterwards ! I ca n't imagine what the folks at Fox responsible for this DVD were thinking and I was completely annoyed by this solution to a menu subject . Hint for special edition menu
 What was in the box?How did he take off the handcuffs?Was John Goodman real ? or is this like the fight club thing?Why was the fire accommodating him , is John Goodman the devil?Why did the last scene look like the picture in his room?Who killed the girl?What the heck did I just watch.I 'm not going to pretend I understood this movie just to sound smart or cool . I did n't understand it , it was boring and that is my opinion .
 I originally saw BARTON FINK years ago and I just did n't get it . The Coen Brothers put out films at a fairly regular pace so it 's easy to forgive them for missteps and move on . But I just watched BARTON FINK again to see if I missed anything , if there was more that I got this time.No . Not really.BARTON FINK never has the momentum or mastery of Billy Wilder 's classic Hollywood masterpiece , SUNSET BOULEVARD . It never has the fun or focus of Woody Allen 's BULLETS OVER BROADWAY , another film about a pompous East Coast playwright who learns about humility -LRB- instead of John Turturro staring -- literally -- at wallpaper peeling , Jon Cusack is forced to face the fact that he is n't as talented as the Mafia goon sent to keep an eye on a Mob boss 's girlfriend acting in his play -RRB- . The setting for this film is n't anything new , obviously , but that BARTON FINK chooses to remain so inaccessible makes it an ultimately frustrating experience.Did John Goodman kill the girl ? Why ? What was in the box left in Turturro 's room ? What did the final shot mean ? I thought this was movie about Hollywood in the 40s and then quite suddenly it 's a serial murderer crime story.The Coen Brothers can always be counted on to make visually interesting films and BARTON FINK is that . But it 's also alienating and remote -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . And pretty slow in some sections .
 This film had been recommended to me for some time , so I finally got around to renting it . Unfortunately , by the time it was over I just felt angry at how manipulated I felt . The Coens seem to take special glee in how `` profound '' they can appear by leaving the viewer in the dark as what the point of it all is . I believe the term is `` intellectual masturbation . `` To its credit , the production qualities are all first rate
 barton fink is one of my favorite movies . i flip-flop between the big lebowski and barton fink as my favorite coen brothers movie . however , this dvd could have come with more extras . we 've waited a long time for its release.the 8 `` deleted scenes '' are the same familiar scenes from the film with the odd line re-inserted here and there . it adds up to maybe 30 seconds of new stuff and if you have the coen brothers screenplays vol 1 . it wo n't be new to you at all.where 's the commentary ? come on coens , you did a commentary for `` the man who was n't there '' . this movie won the palm d'or for pete 's sake . is n't there some cannes footage you could have stuck on here at least ? or have the cast revisit their work in a new interview?i bought the movie anyway , and it 's not a bad price for what you get , but i 'd have paid more for more .
 For me , there are two kinds of Coen brothers films
 For me the movie seemed like a soap opera and was very disappointing . Perhaps because I had seen the earlier Godfather series my expectations were too high . In every way this movie is inferior .
 The acting was alright , but i read the book and while the movie remained true to the text it did not give any reason as to why Athena 's husband was after her . Its these kinds of details that hurt the movie . It also was a little averdramatized .
 I remember this movie from when I was a kid ... was a television min-series type deal . If you really like mafia movies , this one is adequate , but not spectacular . The characters come off almost goofy at times , and the acting is a bit over dramatic . It 's certainly not close to Godfather quality ... but taken for what it is , I 've definitely seen worse movies too .
 The book is pretty good , though nowhere near as good as the Godfather . While the book keeps a secret that brings everything together until the very end , the movie bizarrely gives the secret away in the first 10 minutes . I realize you do n't have as much time to work with in a movie/TV series , but this makes everything fairly predictable . Lots of lame acting as well , even by otherwise-good actors .
 Every customer reviewer ahead of me has given this movie five stars ! They must be confusing it with THE GODFATHER Parts 1 and 2 . Either that , or they would give THE GODFATHER PART 3 five stars ! Danny Aiello sleepwalks through his part . Joe Mantagna is inconsistent from scene to scene . The movie as a whole is extremely inconsistent , but it does n't matter , because the people who saw it as a mini-series were seeing blaring ads intersperced throughout and were watching it over several nights -LRB- or even missing a night in between , without noticing anything missing ! -RRB- A miniseries on TV is a hit if every seven-minute episode packs a punch , and this one does , except that if you remember the earlier punches , the later ones fizzle out . For example , Aiello does n't mind if his own mob kills his own daughter , even though she posed no threat to him -LRB- it turns out she was n't shot because Mantegna has one of his inconsistent changes of heart -RRB- . But when it comes to Aiello 's grandson , who Aiello knows is posing a lethal threat to the entire family , Aiello ca n't bring himself to order the hit , because `` well , he 's my grandson . '' Great sir , but what about your daughter ? The interesting thing here is that it does n't matter to those who saw the show on TV ; they will have forgotten the beginning by the time of the end . But if you see it all at once , as I did , then you 'll have these problems . I do want to say that the movie has its entertainment value if you suspend disbelief in the characters and the plot . I think it 's a very solid two star attraction . Any more stars than that ? Well , maybe if you 're awarding bullets instead of stars .
 This movie is full of inconsitencies , lousy acting and cliche use of Italian mafioso stereotypes . It drags throughout and is a total waste of money . Mario Puzo totally lost it on this one . This movie makes The Godfather III look like an Acadamy Award Winning Masterpiece and a classic that will live for eternity which everyone who has ever watched the Godfather Triology knows is absolutely false.I would n't waste a nickle on this flick . I was really disgusted with it and wish I could give it less then a one star rating .
 This movie is a disappointment , stick to earlier works by these artists . Danny not used much , mostly as a narrator , no character delineation . Main characters are young kids growing up in the mafia .
 As far as made for TV movies go this was a decent movie , and for a Puzo book based movie I give it credit , but anyone that compares `` The Last Don '' movie to `` The Gofather '' is crazy . I would rather watch `` the Godfather part III '' , ok no I would n't this movie is really not that bad , but its close . If I had not been such a big fan of the book I would have more then likely skipped watching this . I HIGHLY ADVICE READING THE BOOK FIRST IT REALLY DOES RIVAL `` THE GODFATER '' . This fits the text of the book great , but the actors were very wrongfully cast in my opinion . I pictured the Don as more carasmatic , Pippi as more of a brut , Big Tim a little less big , Boz more of an athelet , Athena alittle less man-ish , Georgio with a bit more of a leaders personality instead of a book worms , and Donte a bit shorter , for someone who was said to wear his hats to make him look taller in some scenes you can see the hes taller then alot of the cast . Cross is the only one that seem to fit pretty good . Over all , even with lack of performace , the movie is fair even if its 3hours of poor acting and 1.5 hours of real entertainment .
 THIS POWERFUL MOVIE WAS WELL ACTED BUT , IT HAD A VAGUE PLOT AND TERRIBLE SCRIPTS , I DO RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE THOUGH
 The pledge could be used an instructional film to show actors how to handle the challenge of poormaterial . Nicholson tries his best to swim , but most often , the cement shoes of a script sinks him.The film begins by showing that Nicholson 's character has gone around the bend . The story is supposed totell us how he lost it . I did n't buy it.For one thing , I could n't believe this guy could have ever solved a case before . He uses really dumb tactics.Setting up a swing near the highway to try to lure the killer with his girlfriend 's daughter ? Then he forgets tostake it out ? Hello ? Also , has n't this guy ever had a tough case before ? Have all of his cases been really easyto solve ? The first tough one drives him nuts ? `` There 's no evidence and my dumb absent-minded tactics are n'tworking and I promised I would find the killer , oh no I 'm losing it ? '' How did this guy last as a detective ? In the big ambush scene , he 's popping his head out , yelling to other policemen . How can you be a detective and not know the basics of hiding ? His girlfriend shows up and -LSB- bawls -RSB- him out in the middle of his `` stake-out ? '' She goes home with the bait -LRB- the little girl -RRB- . Does n't he think these things might have given the trap away ? How does he know at that point that he 's never going to solve the case ? `` If I ca n't solve the case with a really sloppy ambush , I 'll never solve it ? '' Why did n't heinvestigate the truck that was on fire ? Do n't buy this unless you like yelling , `` sheesh ! '' At the screen every few minutes .
 I was sadly disappointed by this film . There 's an amazing amount of talent that was involved in it , and I had very different expectations . I admit , I 'm a sucker for Hollywood endings and neatly packaged films . However , I also like movies that explore characters rather than follow a strong plotline.This film was a character study . The serial killer plot was really secondary to the psychological exploration of Jack Nicholson 's character . However , as is a real danger with this type of movie , I found it to be excruciatingly slow and unsatisfying . Penn teases you repeatedly , making you believe that there will be a conclusion , that the killer will be caught -LRB- or at least , will kill again -RRB- , then never satisfies you . By the time the movie ended , I was frustrated and saddened . If you 're just looking for a two hour escape from life , you probably wo n't enjoy this film . .
 I once knew a 13-year-old kid who decided to enter a short story contest by writing a piece of fiction about a bank robbery.The story was pretty simple and straightforward . Four disaffected teenagers want to buy a car and drive out to California , but they do n't have any money . One thing leads to another , and they rob a bank , using toy guns . They buy a car , drive to California , and live on the beach near Santa Monica , having completed the perfect caper.Once the kids get to California , the story ended , sort of like this
 This movie is quite boring as for most of the movie he is watching his back and and getting freaked out . Nothing really happens until there is about 15 minutes left . The storyline is somewhat good but there should be something happening for the first hour and a half .
 I do n't even know where to begin here . I will start off by asking `` WHY are there so many GOOD reviews for this movie ?! '' Was anybody paying attention to this thing ? It was bad . I mean really bad . This is the 2nd move to ever really anger me . The first being `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? `` When I saw the trailer for this movie I was excited , although I did n't get around to seeing it in the theater . So when a couple friends had said they rented it and were going to watch it , I was all for it.We put in the DVD and away we went . Hours later , we were cursing the movie , Sean Penn , and how it was nothing but a big waste of time . Not only was the story and content of the movie pointless , but technically it was very bad . It consisted of horrible editing and pointless shots . At one point there is a slow zoom in on this camera in the interrogation room as if to say `` HEY ! LOOK !!! There 's this other camera still here ... see it ... you see it ? ... you still see it ? '' They try and point out things that anyone over the age of 5 would already notice . There were also pointless `` creative '' type direction trying to be pulled out of this movie which just ended up being crap . If you want to watch a truely great director , watch Sam Raimi flicks . That is real style , of which Sean Penn lacks . He should stick to acting.So after the movie we end up checking out the movie trailer for the film to see what on Earth possessed us to want to watch such a BAD movie . The trailer misleads the viewer in a major way . So much so , that I bet someone could sue , which is what 's happening as of this writing with `` The Animal '' . I curse Sean Penn and everyone else associated with this movie . If horrible movies like this can be made then I think I 've just about had it with movies in general .
 When I first saw the previews to this movie I was very excited . I went to see this movie and was very disappointed ! Not only do you sit through this movie wondering if there is a serial killer , but you wonder if you care at all . And when you do find out and it brings your interest somewhat back the ending kills it ! -LRB- Spoiler ahead -RRB- I usually like surprise endings , but this surprise was terrible . Why would you throughout the whole movie be waiting for a serial killer and then him not showing up because of a terrible traffic accident . I mean it could happen , but when I go and see a movie about a serial killer you eventually get to the point where you want to see who it is and why ? Neither of these questions is answered . Only that Jack Nickelson 's character goes nuts , because the serial killer got killed and did n't show up to his ambush . I really thought this was going to be a different movie , in the likes of `` Seven '' . It was n't even close . Also , it could have been at least a half and hour shorter . Jack is really good in a film that really goes nowhere .
 We all know Nicholson can act . And tha '' s the only thing worthwhile in this movie
 If I had to guess , the screenplay for the Pledge was a partially realized early draft . I has the muddle characterized by speed-writing , and a lack of careful , thoughtful introspection and analysis . One reviewer said the film is not for `` dolts . '' Aside from the being irrelevant and a rather ham-handed attack at the film 's detractors , that is beside the point . Clearly , the Pledge has some high concepts and ambitions , but the story it tells fails in providing coherent characters , as well a muddled story line.What , then , is the ultimate message ? Is it that life 's circumstances can go irrationally , tragically wrong ? That a man 's `` pledge '' -LRB- an ill-advised one at that -RRB- , despite being borne of the noblest motives -LRB- it appears -RRB- , can result in a life spiralling out of control and leading to alcoholic psychosis ? Frankly , we never learn enough about any of the characters to understand their motives , and while some of the acting performances resonate with potential -LRB- Benecio Del Toro in particular -RRB- , they are arranged in a sloppy jigsaw.I left this film quite certain of one thing -- it was n't really worth the time to watch , despite the good intentions and interesting ideas that did n't cohere .
 This movie starts off like a mystery/thriller , but quickly becomes a slow-moving and ultimately unsatisfying attempt at a character study . Do not watch it expecting to see a cop movie , or anything other than nicholson playing drunk .
 Yikes ! Who convinced Nicholson that was a good script ? Jack and Sean must be drinking buddies , because Jack would never have agreed to taint his name with this one sober.I have seen more than one director talk about the pain of having to cut scenes out of a picture to meet time restrictions . This leads me to believe that the nature of movie making is make the film much longer than you think it needs to be , then trim the extra bits , leaving only the most important aspects . This monstrosity views like it originally panned out to about fifteen minutes , and then spliced in two hours of fishing scenes to fluff it up . No offence to Bill Dance and his fans , but if I wanted to watch fishing , I would turn on The Nashville Network.The directing is mawkish , the cinematography is boring , the music stinks , and the story itself is filled with one anti-climax after another , until we reach the ultimate unfullfilling anticlimax , about an anti-hero , in what should have been an anti-movie . I was n't tired after watching this film , I was bored.I originally intended to give this movie two stars -LRB- as I did actually make it through to the end -RRB- , but after writing this review it is apparent to me that it really could not have been any worse . One star it is .
 I liked this movie up to the point that I realized that he was using the girlfriend 's daughter as bait for a serial child murderer . After hearing about all the horrors that happen to children today , I did n't need this .
 First , I never write reviews ! However , I must warn you DO N'T BUY , RENT OR OTHERWISE SPEND MONETARY UNITS ON THIS MOVIE !! Despite all the previous reviews , this is the most accurate because I 'm a professional couch potato . Now that I 've just finished wasting MY time with this movie , let me save you what seems to be days of horrible film footage . Honestly , giving 1 star to this movie is just too generous . Anyway , choose as you will , but realize you 've been warned !!
 My boyfriend and I could n't believe it . At the end of the movie we just wanted to call Sean Pean and ask him how he could do this to us ! What a let down . I ca n't believe we will never know who the killer is . After all that suspense . What were they thinking . Even though we enjoyed the movie while we were watching it , the end was such a let down that it 's not worth it . Jack is great though ...
 I THOUGHT IT STUNK . I THOUGHT WITH JACK NICHOLSON IN IT IT WOULD BE A GREAT MOVIE . SEAN PENN HAS DIRECTED BETTER . THERE REALLY IS NOT MUCH TO SAY OTHER THAN THAT.JACK NICHOLSON 'S CHACTER COMES ACROSS AS A DIRTY OLD MAN , AND A CHILD PERVERT . THE MOVIE DRAGS ON AND ON . YOU WOULD HAVE A BETTER TIME WATCHING THE SQUIRRELS RUN AROUND IN YOUR BACKYARD .
 Penn uses a bunch of stale directorial cliches , including the opening shots of Nicholson . Anyone who has ever seen a movie knew that this was foreshadowing of the ending of this picture . As a result , I spent the entire movie trying to figure out how -LRB- and when -RRB- Jack would end up in that scene . I say `` when '' because this is a long drawn out affair.I generally like dark , intelligent films , but this movie tries too hard to fit that through cinematography and character study . As a result , the actual storytelling suffers and is weak . There are significant holes in the storyline and ridiculous scenes to fill other holes in the storyline . A lot of good books fail to make the cross-over to film , especially those movies that are deep , third person character studies . I have not read the book but imagine that it is far better that the movie.I respectfully disagree with other reviewers who imply that people who do not like this movie `` just do n't get it '' . This is simply not a good movie in my opinion .
 This movie is a great idea for a story , but so poorly executed that I ended up turning it off to watch an old Marty Feldman flick because I just could n't take it any more . The whole movie can be summarized by this
 When first popping this little number into my VCR I had very high hopes for a film with such talent as Jack Nicholson , and Vanessa Redgrave . But my hopes were raped , tattered and torn as I was made to suffer through over 2hrs . of pointless , poorly-edited , bad music-driven montages which were mostly composed of images of Jack Nicholson -LRB- retired cop -RRB- fishing ... and fishing ... and fishing ... Granted , I like fishing just as much as the next person , but my god ! There 's only so much a guy can take !! Anyway , the rest of the film was adorned with an empty plot and ludicrous details which the director -LRB- Sean Penn-who should stick to acting -RRB- believed were legitimate `` twists . '' I 'm not sure what Mr. Penn was trying to achieve with this film . And if he accomplished his goal , well , congratulations to him . I hope he enjoys his success while those of us who witnessed his badly composed opus are left retching in our popcorn.My advice to the movie-going public would be to stay away from this movie . It feels longer than `` Titanic , '' -LRB- if THAT 's possible -RRB- and is more pointless than every Paulie Shore film ever made . This film is Jack Nicholson at his worst . I gave `` The Pledge '' only one star because I 'm a big Benicio Del Toro fan , although he was grossly underused .
 Recently director Penn lamented the gun culture of contemporary cinema . Seeing as ` The Pledge ' is arguably a horror film , albeit the horror slowly dawning on the audience from an unexpected source , is n't the picture merely one big gun pointed at the audience 's head ? I really do n't know what attracted him to the frankly emetic story line , but this is n't necessarily less pernicious than a lot of other Hollywood product , especially that uncalled for moment in the church .
 An incredible cast with incredible acting lost completely in this drawn out droll of a movie . This looks to be a typical Sean Penn movie with a long , dedicated storyline leading nowhere . A serial killer of young female children seems to have been caught but Jack Nicholson , a retiring detective , believes otherwise and pledges to the child 's mother to find the killer . He retires to fishing and pumping gas in the area where the serial killer is expected to re-appear . Clues abound for the killer but are unrecognised by the one expert who should be paying attention . His relationship with a female bartender and her daughter develops wonderfully and then deteriorates when a set-up to catch the killer using the daughter as bait does not materialize . Why !! The killer has been killed in a car wreck on the way to the sting operation . The relationship that you admire is shattered by mistrust , and the killer is never exposed . In between all of this is boring , meaningless daily life that leads to nothing worthwhile for the story . What happened to the pledge and its fulfilment for the grieving mother . Who knows !!
 Of course , it 's all a matter of taste and everyone is looking for something different . It is subjective as to what leaves you spellbound . Some movies are heavy and deep , others appeal to you because they are fun , picturesque , exciting , or nostalgic . Some are great , but you would n't want to watch them often . Others are movies you can watch again and again.This movie is trying to be deep and artsy , but there is nothing to be dramatic about . It 's sorta like two hours of hyping the complexities of a degenerate , living in a worldwhere police work is more like a sitcom version than reality.I love most genres and types . Slow movies , fast movies , classics , courtroom dramas , action , suspense , independent , thrillers , foreign , nonfiction . This movie has no redeeming qualities . Everything about it is awful . The subtleties are n't subtle , they are rubbed in and cheap . The atmosphere falls apart . There is emphasis on trivialities and no substance . It is emotionless and the story is pointless . You walk away with nothing . No sadness or sympathy , no happiness , no thought-provoking situations , no ambiguity , no sense of meaning . It is dead air .
 The Pledge had some moments to it but really could not stay focused on the film for some reason . Got a little lost in the middle of it and did not take much away from it which almost never happens in any Jack Nicholson movie I had seen . The plot seemed to be interesting at first but could not follow the movie well . Maybe for the die hard Nicholson fan but otherwise did n't think was one of his better performances.Peter J. Miller
 Nicholson 's mannered portrayal of a man in a leather flying helmet polishing furniture was practically telephoned in . Penn seems to have fallen prey to a fundamental misunderstanding in his direction of Nicholson 's character development - that was Mr Sheen , not Pledge.The disappointment was ameliorated somewhat by the trailer for Penn 's next film - a CGI animation for all the family inspired by the lady in the Shake n ' Vac commercial .
 The title says it all . Makes no sense . Obtuse . `` Artsy '' in the worst way possible .
 I thought when I was going to the theater to see this , I said hey it has Jack Nicholson in it , how bad could it be?Well , it was really bad , and really long and boring.Jack Nicholson is usually a pretty good actor , but not this time .
 This has to be the worst movie I have ever seen . I went with my family to the theatre to see it . We all hated it , but said nothing through the movie , figuring it had to get better . It did n't . The plot stinks and the movie is boring even though the subject matter is intriguing . A retired detective who ca n't let go of a case he was working on - that of a serial killer who slays children . Sounds good right?Well , I ca n't even begin to explain how the director and writer took this idea and turned it into this movie . The whole thing is full of Jack Nicholson living in this little town with a woman he just met and her little girl . The town is depressing and dark , so is the woman and her little girl and for that matter so is Jack . That being said , that is the main crux of the movie - how dark and depressing everyone and everything is with just a hint of this serial killer mixed in.The ending is unbelievably stupid for a movie that is for entertainment purposes only . All in all out of the thousands of movies I have seen in my lifetime , this is the absolute worst . I would have demanded my money back at the time but I just wanted to get the heck out of the theatre by then !!!!!!
 Man , what was I thinking when I saw this movie ?! I mean , from the previews and such , I thought that `` The Pledge '' was going to be a really good movie . But now , when I saw it on DVD , I began to question myself as to why Jack Nicholson even bothered to make this movie . I have n't seen Nicholson ever since `` As Good As It Gets '' and really , I just have to say , `` Why , Jack ?! '' I 've seen better Jack Nicholson movies than this , such as `` As Good As It Gets '' , `` Batman '' , `` Wolf '' , and `` The Crossing Guard '' . But `` The Pledge '' has to be among the worst ones . And I really do n't know what to say about Sean Penn 's directing in this film right now . In conclusion , this movie may be great for renting , but it is not great to own , whether it 's on video or DVD ! And by the way , `` The Pledge '' ? Looks more like `` The Plunge '' if you ask me .
 This movie was quite the let down . I 'm not just talking about the ending here either . It starts with a good premise , then drags on at length with a less than entertaining story of an old man.Don ' t get me wrong , it 's well acted . The fact that the ending was disappointing is n't all that bad either . It 's more the fact that you get slowly dragged along , waiting for the interesting/exciting part . Afterwards you 're left to think about the film and reflect on what little went on . Some people turn that into `` boy this movie is great because it 's different from other movies . '' Originality does n't mean entertainment though . The `` lesson '' it leaves you with is not very powerful or thought provoking . You 'll come out feeling a little sad , and that 's about it .
 I 'm not too sure why people gave this movie good reviews or any stars . I mean , I 'm not trying to be a jerk or anything ... I respect Jack Nicholson as an actor , but this movie was cut bad or something . Maybe it just went over my head ! The movie seems to be leading up to something and ... nothing , it ends ! I do n't write any reviews on here , this movie was just bad enough to make me do so .
 I can not overstate how much I disliked this film . Despite what appeared to be an all star cast , the plot and dialogue of this film is depressing and pointless . It is one thing to be melancholy when there is a point to be made or human aspect worth exploring . The sole purpose of this film , however , appears to be the infliction of the writer and director 's morose outlook on the human condition.The plot of the film takes forever to develop , then goes nowhere . The characters are not at all engaging , and the filmaking is a disjointed mess.I would not recommend this film to anyone . It has no redemming value whatsoever . I should sue the film company for the 2 hours they stole from my life , I want that time back .
 I wo n't even honour this movie with a lengthy review , but suffice to say it 's an awful , terrible movie . It shows some promise and then just as one starts to think `` uh oh , I hope this movie does n't go where I think it 's going '' it does . Skip it . It 's brutal . In fact I ca n't even sell it for $ 3.99 including shipping on ebay with the wrapping still on it -LRB- somebody gave it to me as a gift after I 'd already seen it -RRB- . It 's that bad .
 The Pledge is an overly long and overly slow film that demonstrates that Sean Penn is no better in front of a camera or behind it . The writers do their best to add a twist to the overly predictable ending . The film is also a two hour long ad for the cigarette companies . Almost everyone smokes and they smoke constantly while awake . But , `` everyone smokes in hell . '' Jack Nicholson gives a good performance and is the only cement that holds this film together . There are lots of cameo appearances from big name celebrities . These appearances do nothing for this film other than add some well known names to the DVD box in hopes that you buy it due to `` star power . '' We purchased The Pledge as a part of a two-for deal with The Departed . The later is a fairly good film by Leonardo DiCaprio , the former by Sean Penn is a flop .
 Whenever a film-maker adapts a book , especially one by a major writer , he has many different layers or angles to choose from . In Friedrich Durrenmatt 's rich and suggestive novel ` the Pledge ' , Sean Penn could have chosen from
 I have said it before , and I am saying it again I DO N'T LIKE MOVIES THAT MAKE ME DEPRESSED ! -LRB- real life is depressing enough ! -RRB- The only good thing about this movie was the acting , and the basic plot concept . Benicio Del Toro was in this movie for all of 5 minutes -LRB- so do n't see this just for him -RRB- . The first scene of the movie shows you exactly how it is going to end , yet I was stupid enough to sit through it anyhow . Good concept , Great acting , VERY Bad Movie
 Typical excellent acting by Nicholson , but the movie was SLOW , poorly organized and had nothing besides Nicholson . The ending was very poorly done .
 This movie was a waste of money . It had big name actors and a good plot , they should have done more with it . My advice is
 This movie is bad . very bad . I think the problem was they started the movie and did n't know how to end it . You keep waiting thinking something exciting is going to happen but nothing ever does . This is the plot . A young girl is savagely raped and murdered . They find a retarded suspect -LRB- Benicio del Toro -RRB- , and after his confesses , he commits suicide . Until there the movie is good . Retired Detective Jerry Black -LRB- Jack Nicholson -RRB- instantly thinks something is wrong , and he goes on the search . Then the movie goes off . Nothing else happens . You keep thinking something will happen , but nothing ever does . The ending is awful . Sean Penn had the knowledge and resources and a good story to make a good movie , but instead he makes an awful movie . The movie is slow . At the end we really do n't know who murdered that girl , we get sort of an idea , but nothing for sure . If you are looking for a suspenseful thriller that will keep you entertained , do not see this movie . I expected something good .
 Oko , I 'm not going to spend much time on this , a s the movie already wasted two hours of my life . It starts off with promise , and then the story goes absolutely no where . All you need to know is that there is basically no climax to the story . The movie just ends after torturing you for hours with pointless scenes , in , perhaps an attempt to be artful ? The story is virtually non-existant after the premise of a retired detective unable to let go of his last case . Then he goes fishing , and that 's the movie . Aargh ! I ca n't believe how bad this movie was .
 I am not one to knock a movie and say that it stinks without giving it some credit.Yes , this movie has Jack Nicholson and Robyn Penn in a thriller tragedy movie . That made me rent it.Here are the reasons I wo n't be viewing this film EVER again :1 -RRB- The beginning grabbed my attention ! I wanted so bad to see this down-and-out Detective search for the killer . -LRB- Thus , this very inviting intro leaves one unsatisfied by the end -RRB- .2 -RRB- Slow moving . How many times do I have to see a curved road and a car driving on it ? 3 -RRB- I get it already -- Jack is a poor shmuck who does n't have any ` pull ' at his old job .4 -RRB- Porcupines . I think this was so ground into the viewer that it was all I could think of and look for .5 -RRB- So what ... he 's a fisherman . He is familiar with bait . Enough said . Do n't blame him for that .6 -RRB- Finally , the ending . This ending BITES . I did not like it . ... this really leaves the viewer wondering , `` Why did I just waste allllllll this time watching this movie ? `` That 's all . I can not recommend this movie . I will not recommend this movie . Remember , sometimes you just have to say `` No . `` This is one of those times .
 This movie has generated reviews from both sides of the spectrum . Those who really love it because it 's so different and those who disliked it because it was so different . In other words what it comes down to is a movie that is so different that depending on what you are expecting , it may or may not please you.Before I go into my personal feelings of the movie , I will have to agree that Nicholson 's performance of the retiring police officer was good . Many people wonder if the man can continue to do a stellar performance and it 's evident that no matter how old Nicholson is , he will always be a talented actor . What I disagree with is this film being one of his prized performances and movies.Second , I agree that Sean Penn did very well as a director in this movie , the cinematography was indeed beautiful but unfortunately a stellar performance , good directing , good music and good cinematography can not make a great movie with a storyline that leaves you feeling empty and making you say `` Is that it ? `` This movie will go in my list of reviews of movies with strong potential but with a purpose to be different that will attract some moviegoers but more than likely will alienate people . In this list are movies such as `` Arlington Road '' and `` Juliet in Love '' . As with my review of `` Arlington Road '' , I give the the movie credit for being different and for having an ending so unlike what many people would expect but does being different mean good ? Perhaps to some people . Some people found `` Arlington Road '' brilliant . Some people found `` The Pledge '' brilliant because both movies are different . Not me.As for the DVD , video and audio is good . The music sounds good but this is more of a dialogue film , so it 's not one of those that you will expect to be testing out your receiver . As for special features , this movie only features a trailer and cast info -LRB- not for the whole cast ... was this DVD rushed ? -RRB- . So , if you are in the mood for something different and have a craving for a really good recent performance of Nicholson , check this DVD out .
 This movie had all the ingredients of a great film
 I 'm glad I did n't pay to see this movie at the theatre but still regret the time I spent watching it . Jack Nicholson is , as always , very good and he 's the only reason I stuck with it to the horrendous end . What a pompous piece of work this is ... thanks to Director Penn. . I should have watched `` As Good As It Gets '' ... again ... actually watching ANY other Jack Nicholson movie again would have been a more entertaining way to spend this rainy afternoon .
 The suspense is built up well of a serial kidnapper who preys on little girls in small towns . However , the movie concludes without any resolution , except a vague circumstance .
 This movie is supposed to feature Sam Shepard , Helen Mirrin and Vanessa Redgrave . The truth is , the cumulative screen time for these three fine actors is less than five minutes total in a 2 hour film ! That 's box office bait and switch . What we get is 2 hours of uncomfortable grimaces of Jack Nickolson 's old ugly face . What ever happened to that man ? This picture is is advertised as being from the thriller genre . That 's a lie . This flick is nothing but a bummer . If you like movies that are completely depressing downers , well you 'll love this one . But only a handful of people go to movies to walk out feeling like having a stiff drink . A gallon of vodka could n't wash this stinker away .
 The 1994 original movie `` The Cold Light of Day '' is significantly better than Sean Penn 's interpretation . I knew `` The Pledge '' was a bomb when a couple of viewers in different parts of the theater remarked on how lousy it was . The film left the Houston area about one week later headed for box office oblivion . Sean Penn made a horrible mistake in in keeping secret the identity of the sex deviate . This was frustrating to say the least and made the rest of the film seem pointless . Jack Nicholson did a good job as the alcoholic retired detective who pledges to a mother that he will find the killer of her daughter . However , Penn has Nicholson play the role of Jerry Black in such a manner as to suggest that the police officer committed himself to the case not so much as to solve it , but because the man has nothing better to do . Nicholson 's character comes across as an existentially challenged individual who needs to find a purpose to make his life worth living . The murdered girl is merely an excuse to justifying getting up in the morning.Penn 's real life wife Robin Wright Penn is very convincing as the mother who accepts the generosity of the much older retired officer . Initially she seeks only a relationship which will secure a loving home for the young girl . A sort of romance soon develops between the two adults which seems only to bewilder and overwhelm the man . Was n't the recent Academy Award winner Benico Del Toro , you might ask , also in the movie ? Del Toro merely has about a five minute part indulging in histrionic mannerisms as a mentally retarded man falsely suspected of a vile crime . Penn essentially wasted this great actor 's enormous talent . The other actors do little to balance out the deficiencies of Penn 's directing.I can give `` The Pledge '' only two stars . Only the true fans of Jack Nicholson will find it worth viewing . The previously mentioned `` The Cold Light of Day , '' though , is highly recommended -LRB- four stars -RRB- as a something of a hidden gem . Rudolf Van Den Berg aptly directs this virtually unknown movie in an intelligent and exciting manner . The audience actually gets to understanding the sick motivations of the child killer . Van Berg 's direction is not pretentious , and he accomplishes a lot with almost certainly a smaller budget . Sean Penn should seek instruction and guidance from Van Berg before he attempts another film .
 Mediocre minds can become famous and powerful
 Not only is this drawn out and frankly , boring -LRB- despite a fabulous cast -RRB- the end literally cheats you out of even the slightest satisfaction . Be prepared to fast forward .
 I ca n't believe how this movie started out fairly interesting and plunged into a downward spiral from there !! What a waste ! I ca n't believe so many people like it , as well as they did . For those who have n't yet seen this movie -- beware of the totally dud ending !!
 Jack Nicholson turns in a great performance in this slow plodding movie.Jack clearly made this movie as a favor to his friend Sean Penn.Penn should stick to acting.The cut aways the distracting music , very disapointed .
 Okay first the whole reason why I went to see this movie was because I am a BIG fan the director and some of the actors in the film . BUT THIS WAS ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES I EVER SAW AT THE SHOW ! If you like Sean Penn like I do then rent Carlito 's Way or The Game ; If you like Jack Nicholson -LRB- and who does n't -RRB- then rent The Shining , Hoffa , and A Few Good Men ; Finally if you like Benicio Del Torro I have to go with Way of The Gun , or the Usual Suspects ... I was soooooooooooo disappointed with this movie , I am really trying to refrain from usual foul language to really describe how I felt as I left the theater ! I can only compare watching this film to being forced to sit in a classroom with someone raking their nails on the blackboard ! This was probably a much better book then a movie . One question why the hell is this on DVD and Hoffa is n't ????
 I did n't like this movie at all . At first , I was captivated by where the story seemed to be going , but the ending was so , and the only way I could voice is , dumb . Its as if the movie director wanted to put in a different sort of ending , instead of the usual crime is solved , killer caught . I found the ending a big let down . It would have been a great movie ...
 I am one of the most avid collector 's of Jack Nicholson 's work . I have to date all but 2 films he has EVER done . I was completely and utterly dissapointed in the lack of continuity and direction . 1995 's Crossing Guard was a far superior collaboration between Penn and Nicholson . The Pledge drags throughout . . is much to vague in its point and manages to accomplish nothing . Nicholson 's performance is solid , if not off kilter . Even the emotional struggle within the character was much more defined in The crossing guard . overall I was very dissapointed in this movie I had impatiently waited for . But of course I 'll have to buy the DVD simply for the collection = -RRB-
 Please do n't waste your time with this movie . The only people who like it are the `` artsy '' types who will like it simply because the unwashed masses hated it -LRB- we do n't understand `` art '' -RRB- .
 Although it is a well acted and well filmed film . I found it pointless . If you like sad tragic endings then buy this , otherwise buy something else .
 Imagine my surprise ; after sitting through a two + hour movie , paying rapt attention to what might be clues that lead to what is sure to be an exciting ending , I am not only SORELY disappointed by a hideously poor wrap-up , -LSB- ... -RSB- I do n't even know where to start in terms of this film . There are SO MANY loose ends , so many details focused on over and over that ultimately lead nowhere , story lines begun that are never followed through on -LRB- including the title `` pledge '' -RRB- . I am all for endings that leave something to the viewer 's imagination - but I really got the sense that the cast and crew just got bored , chucked the script and called it quits.Overall - in spite of moments of impressive acting and cinematography - extremely disappointing.And that , my intelligent and unintelligent friends alike - is my OPINION !
 I can understand how this was much more than a simple crime-story movie . It just dragged for such a long time , and I felt too much was never explained . My husband and I thought the killer was two different people , and much to my disappointment , we will never know . Was it the priest ? The faceless man from the Christmas store ? The snow plow guy ? A woman ? The movie just ends . I can look back now and see a few things that make this more artistic , but I still feel strongly that I was mis-lead about what the film was about , and was robbed by the ending , or lack thereof . I loved Memento , and thought that was a fascinating and incredible movie , so I 'm not only into flashy Hollywood films . But this movie I thought was a waste of time . And if someone knows who the killer is , please let me know .
 As several reviewers have rightly pointed out , the movie starts out with promise but completely fails to deliver any resolution . The screenwriter was apparently unable to figure out a satisfactory climax to the story , and simply gave up . What a shame -- the acting is fine , and the story generates plenty of dramatic tension , but then the movie just fizzles out.This was one of the most disappointing films of 2000 .
 This is a good movie and it is an interesting story and it flows well from the beginning . It is n't predictable at all which is always good also . I was enjoying the movie until it got to the end . I understood the ending , I got what they were telling me but all I can say is it was stupid !!! The end of the movie wastes the rest of the movie for me . Until the end the movie was probably a 4 for me , the ending was a 0 so I gave it a 2 . I would n't watch this movie again and I do n't recommend it for others .
 This is a very brooding , slow remake of the 1994 movie `` The Cold Light of Day '' . Although I liked the original film quite a bit , this one was too slow and the ending stank.This version had Jack Nicholson playing a retired detective tracking a child-murderer . The acting was good and I was interested half-way through the film until I realized that this was an almost carbon-copy of the 1994 film.I had a real problem with the ending too . I think it was a mistake and made the whole exercise really pointless . Not to give anything away but to me , it would make more sense if Nicholson 's character had to really deal with consequences of his actions with his newly found family.This movie is not really that bad , it just could have been better . A lot better ...
 The critics thought this was Jack 's best pic , but I thought it `` bit the big one '' . Jack Nicholson has more talent than this . It did not do him justice . I LOVE Jack Nicholson , but hated this movie . I did n't think there was a JN movie I would dislike , but here it is .
 If you do n't want to know the ending , do n't read this.If you want to know why the ending is absurd , stay with me . The final sequence has detective Jerry Black -LRB- Nicholson -RRB- setting up what we think might be the climactic ambush . However , en route to the scene , the killer gets into an accident and he and his truck explode into flames . Nope -- this is n't a joke . Then , because of the killer 's absence -LRB- do killers always show up ? 100 % attendance at every ambush ? -RRB- , Nicholson 's detective goes literally out of his mind -- even though he does n't know why the killer failed to show . How can the killer 's death be a catalyst for Nicholson 's descent into madness while the writer contrives to keep him ignorant of the killer 's participation in the crash ? Does n't make sense.Is the ending a surprise?The film opens with a shot of Nicholson mumbling incoherently to himself and then back-tracks to tell us how hegot into such a state . The killer commits heinous crimes against children . We know from the beginning that Nicholson will end up crazy and we expect the villain to be exterminated . There 's no ambiguity to the Killer 's fate . He is dispatched in a ball of flames . How many times have we seen that ? The only twist then , is that the villain is sent to his doom by the writer rather than the detective . After that , there is some mild frustration that Nicholson does n't see the big fat clue staring him right in the face -LRB- the burning truck -RRB- . But , I would argue that this is the same kind of frustration one feels in a cheap horror film when a character goes into a dark basement to check out a noise . It is the kind of frustration that comes uniquely from plot contrivance , not the frustration that comes from the messiness of real life .
 After a long layoff after his huge hit in , `` As Good as it Gets , '' Nicholson re-appears in Sean Penn ` smoving , and gritty suspense film.Nicholson makes a promise to find a child killer before he retires , and he truely sticks to it - to the point of him becoming vigilent beyond belief . He takes in a battered wife and her child . -LRB- Sexy Robin Wright is n't too sexy as a punching bag in this film . -RRB- Wright thinks there may be a future between her and Jack , while Jack does n't seem too interested , maybe because he smells a problem involving Wright 's daughter being watched by a strange man . Jack eventually uses Wright 's daughter to bait the murderer , and Wright flips out ! The ending is realistic , like the film , and reality can be cruel - according to Penn 's interesting direction . But , just when this film picks up , it gets slow again . Too slow at times . And once again , Jack seems crazy from square one . Disapointing ending , at least for Jack 's character , and you wish he would 've succeeded in proving his point . Penn tells it like it is in this hard core drama , but his pace and rythm needs to be more upbeat
 I enjoy Jack Nickolson . There is a great message in the movie about `` strangers '' and kidnapping-even in a small town . However , I think the movie was too long and too drawn out . Nickolson 's character was suffering from paranoia about the little girl being kidnapped and killed . He made a promise to one of the girl 's mother to get to the bottom of it and not to quit until they find the person that killed her little girl . He keeps -LRB- or at least tries to -RRB- his promise and even though he was now retired , he still continued to search for the person that killed the little girl ... paranoid and all . Not worth my time . I do n't recommend the movie , to long , to predicting . You 're leave the movie with NO sense of closure , just like Nickolson 's character . Pass on it .
 While the cast of characters , setting and storyline all indicate a fair amount of promise for this movie - it is hurriedly directed . The rush to plot resolution leaves critical pieces of the storyline like Nicholson 's decent into insanity and his increasing manipulation of mother and daughter hanging out as disjointed scenes . Without the development of Nicholson 's character the sequence of events that lead up to the movie 's end make it difficult to suspend disbelief . Very disappointing .
 This was perhaps one of the worst movies I 've seen in a long time -- movies like this help me appreciate good film making . A painful drudgery to watch , The Pledge is downright ridiculous in places , most unforgivably in the places that are central to the plot . Rather than drag the viewers along like a bad joke with meager , contrived , pathetic attempts to maintain suspence , Penn would have done better to help us understand the characters involved and their role in the story . The scenes with the murdered girl 's parents and with her grandmother left me astonished that an actor as accomplished as Nicholson would allow himself to remain invovled with such idiocy -LRB- a mid-western turkey farmer 's wife turned voo-doo witch ???? and why was the passage the grandmother read about dead children becoming angels significant to the murdered girl -- we know it makes her death oh so much more poignant ??? -RRB- , not to mention that he allowed himself to play this retired cop with a Dirty Harry sense of justice turned blabbering idiot . Nicholson 's performance was decent , but relied too much on his vest-grabbing and smug-faced trademarks rather than on exploring his character . Too bad talent was wasted throughout this movie . The scenery sure was nice .
 A plot can not be resolved with a coincidence ; that is something any writer can tell you , but they tried it anyway ... This movie has no resolution . When it was being written the writer obviously got tired of his story and just ended it . It could have been a good movie , but it is n't . Let 's apply the methods used in this film to saving private ryan , and at the end of the movie a comet just happens to collide with the earth and kill everyone . Would that be a good end to the movie ? Would it resolve the problem of finding and saving private ryan ? NO ! Because you ca n't end a movie with outside interferance.It just makes me mad that I wasted so much of my time watching a movie without a real ending .
 If you want to watch a film that 's fairly decent all the way until the end , this is a good choice.At the end I felt like I 'd wasted the entire time I 'd spent watching it , which , obviously , is n't a good impression to have lingering at the end of watching a movie.I highly recommend renting this one first , I ca n't possibily imagine seeing this one twice .
 The plot of this movie is completely formulaic , the cop on the verge of retirement is pulled into one last case , he makes a pledge to the girl 's mother to catch the killer , becomes obsessed with the victim , has information , but no one will believe him . Jack Nicholson and Robin Wright Penn are asked to act such implausible scenes with such leaden dialogue -- you feel sorry for them.When the film languishes , which is most of the time , Penn tries to goose you with cornball action scenes . Example ; Nicholson 's character , Jerry , sets up a swing near the highway so that the sight of his live-in lover 's little girl swinging will draw the killer so Jerry can swoop in and catch him . But , our supposedly obsessed inspector seems to forget his plan . He 's upstairs when he hears a truck slowing down outside . OH , NO ! Will he get down the stairs in time ?!! By the time he gets there the truck is driving off and he just ca n't run fast enough to catch the suspect , who has left the girl behind -- I guess so the movie can last longer.This is a perfect example of what is wrong with this movie . This is a cliche so tired you ca n't believe Penn could get himself out of bed to film it . You do n't usually get such cheap and clumsy tactics outside of , perhaps , a Friday The Thirteenth knock-off . The film school camera work only makes the sequence more ridiculous.Handling formula material badly is not the same as challenging formula . Tacking a weird ending onto a long cliche ridden movie is like putting canned plum sauce on spam.Sean Penn is one of our most talented actors , but as a director , one has to wonder why he was drawn to this material . Was it to attempt a `` Treasure of Sierra Madre '' type of ending because it was so cool when the Coen Brothers did a variation of it with Fargo ? Maybe it was just an excuse to hang with Jack.Lots of great movies leave you suspended . This one leaves you asking , `` are you kidding me ? `` Save your money ...
 This looked on its face like a promising movie . Jack Nicholson , Benecio del Toro , Robin Wright Penn , should be good , if not for plot for acting , right ? Oh so wrong . Benecio del Toro did a fabulous job as a developmentally delayed man acccused of a horrific crime , but his performance is the only bright spot in this blight of a film . His performance was not enough to rescue the film from a frustrating plot line , Jack Nicholson wandering around for half of the movie looking confused , and some continually convoluted reference to the `` real killer '' somehow involving hedgehogs . In summary , find a different movie for movie night , this one is waste of time .
 Considering the talent this is a very disjointed movie . Benicio Del Toro is only on for five minutes . The same for Helen Mirren.The great Jack Nicholson is wasted . This is NOT a happy ending movie . Sean Penn has a very disapointing directing style . It is slow and disjointed . My wife liked it . -LRB- there is no accounting for taste ! -RRB- In my opinion this is NOT a TWO hour popcorn movie .
 How could such a star-powered cast have ever agreed to act in this bomb ? Did they even read the script ? And what was Sean Penn thinking ? How many nature shots do we have to have to substitute for plot developments ? What heavy-handed directing , particularly the storm clouds gathering ! Duh . The camera , as always , loves Nicholson but that does not make up for a real bad script and a really bad job of directing . I do n't know how many times I looked at my watch , anxious for the ending , which , in itself , was a flop as well .
 This movie was a big disappointment , and a waste of time . I was pulled into the plot at the beginning because it was fast paced , and suspenseful , but as the movie progressed , I was really starting to get bored . After the ending -LRB- Which was really strange and very unsatisfactory -RRB- , I was kind of mad , at having wasted a perfectly good weekend with my friends watching this . I suggest you definitely rent this one before even thinking of buying it .
 Other reviewers have noted the brevity of several great actors ' scenes , but Mr. Del Toro 's scene at the jail was at least twice as long as it should have been.There was some fairly good work here by some excellent actors -- which was outweighed by ridiculous camerawork and editing . The attempts at surrealism were more often tedious and annoying . There were just too many such `` Oliver Stone Moments '' , which gave me the impression that the main focus of the directing was on gimmickry -- rather than on story-telling . Speaking of the story , that was a bit weak , too . Why did the film end the way it did ? I could see no logic or cause/effect relationship between the events in the final scenes.What motivated the detective to run to the child 's mother ? Either he thought there was danger , or he did n't . Wierd , and disturbing ? Yes . Thought-provoking ? Yes.It provoked the thought , `` Why have I wasted my time and money ? ''
 The Pledge -LRB- Sean Penn , 2000 -RRB- Watching this movie after reading the book upon which it is based has the distinct feeling one gets while watching a brand new Ferrari speeding towards a brick wall at a hundred twenty miles per hour . You know from the moent it comes into your view that something is terribly wrong , and you know what the outcome will be , yet you continue to watch in hopes that the driver will turn the wheel at the last minute and survive the spectacle . Unfortunately , The Pledge is like the Spyder that Elias Koteas used for the James Dean recreation in the film Crash -- you know that the guy behind the wheel here not only wanted the crash to occur , but that the crash was ultimately the main reason for the existence of the situation . From there , the best thing you can do is pick it apart and take a twisted fascination in seeing how everything went so horribly wrong.In this case , you can sum up what went wrong in one easy sentence
 I liked this movie when I saw it in the theater , but ... this is n't the movie I saw in the theater . Hey , if a director wants to get his or her jollies by recutting a movie , go for it , but at least make sure the original theatrical version is available . I 've seen this movie many times , but the additional mish-mash of scenes on the bloated director 's cut detract from the drama and tension of the original . Historical inaccuracies aside , this was a thought-provoking movie when it was released ; Now , in it 's current incarnation , it only provokes . When I see the director 's cut , I am taken out of the movie with thoughts of how much better it used to be .
 Oh my goodness this is a bad film . There are n't any gnomes . What in the world !?!?!?!? Show me the money ! watch jerry miguire instead . It is more truthful to the jfk assassination than this movie .
 Walter Cronkite said that `` Oliver Stone has foisted garbage on an unsuspecting generation . '' And he 's right . Okay , the greatest crime of this film may be Kevin Costner 's inept southern accent . I always wondered why did the police go after Lee Harvey Oswald in the first place ? Why did that officer , whom Oswald shot , stop Oswald ? IT 'S BECAUSE THERE WAS AN EYEWITNESS WHO SAW OSWALD SHOOT AT KENNEDY FROM THE BOOK DEPOSITORY WINDOW . But you never read this fact in a conspiracy theory , because it totally blows a hole in those theories . Read the truth of the assasination in Gerald Posner 's book `` Case Closed . '' This witness who saw Oswald shoot at Kennedy can be seen standing on the corner below and opposite the depository window in film footage from that day . After seeing Oswald shoot at Kennedy , he went to a policeman near by , and gave a description of Oswald . THERE WAS AN EYEWITNESS TO THE SHOOTING . That the witness was black perhaps gives bigots and racists reason enough not to believe his testimony . Pitiful and shameful . The film JFK is total crap , and slanderous and libelous against those smeared by Jim Garrison . I do n't think it is any small thing to falsely accuse someone of murder !! Which is what this movie does !! To see all these high ratings for this movie is disturbing . Garrison himself was likely a paranoid psychopath , who felt disturbed by his homosexual impulses , and so went after homosexuals like Ferrie and Shaw , as a defense mechanism , like the homophobic marine in the movie AMERICAN BEAUTY . If you pissed away the three hours watching this movie , then I implore you to INVEST more worthy hours in Gerald Posner 's book CASE CLOSED . I could go on and continue to make my case , but Posner makes it so much better -- with well-documented evidence -- in that book . Stone is now working on a movie about the assasination of Reagan . God knows , he 'll probably present the case that Reagan arranged to have himself shot . Stone is loopy enough to do such a thing . God help us all !
 I have no love for this film and i have no love for JFK as either man or President . I 've watched this film several times including when it was playing in the theatre that i owned . The dumming down of America started with JFK . Why were people impressed and why do people even care who shot him ? I was about 16 when he was killed , , , it had no impact on me at all . Actually anyone who was brought up properly would of had the same reaction as i did but somehow that generation of people fell in love with basically a sex symbol to many women and men loved him because he appeared to be athletic and said things that they thought was impressive . The famous quote `` Ask not what the country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country . '' I love this country and i believe in taking care of this country but that stupid statement was the start of bring in the new order of corrupt political leaders and has put us in the worse shape we have ever been in . I 'm not talking about anything outside of the walls of the US . I 'm talking about the United States low class thinking , uneducated kids , trailer trash type of attitude when it comes to sports heros , the what 's in it for me thinking . Yes people you can thank one jerk for the start of this and his name was JFK .
 A total work of fiction and a sham . ` JFK ' is the lie perpetrated on the American people . It has contributed to the nonsense that there was a conspiracy - it is convincing when it presents the ` facts ' but this film is full of errors . Also , as an artistic film , the strength of the story / emotional drama etc. . . is carried by the gravity of the evidence / material but one you realize this is all a fake and a Hollywood bastardization of the truth it falls apart factually and artistically.This film has more holes than a wicker canoe . True , some of the evidence was ` gospel ' when the film was made but many errors and half truths made it into the film as absolute fact . Some examples : - Oswald was a lousy shot
 This film is without question effective and engrossing , done by a very talented director.As a history of the Kennedy assassination , however , it is a horrible joke , all the worse because people take it at face value . Stone comes from the ` throw-it-all-at-them ' school of conspiracy theories , where he 's completely unconcerned whether all of his facts are correct , fit together , or even contradict each other ; he just wants you to accept something , anything.He had been a hero to me before this film , with ` Salvador ' , ` Platoon ' , and ` Wall Street ' , but he lost me completely and forever with this cynical pack of lies . He surely knew that much of what he was putting out here was false but did it anyway . An absolute disgrace.To go through all the evidence here is , naturally , impossible , but perhaps one typical example would n't go amiss
 I always find Stone and Costner movies overblown and their supposedly knowledeable insider views misleading at best . This movie is for conspiracy and other nuts only . It assumes that it is right and a realistic view of history . I 'd like to see a JFK movie without the opinions and based upon fact , at least that which is know or can be realistically supposed . Turn your brain off when you watch this movie and it may be alright . I ca n't get past the santimonious attitude .
 As movies go it does n't get any better than JFK . This imo is a masterpiece . It 's well acted , well scripted and the movie itself is riveting . The characters are as interesting as they are complex , each woven in as part of the very intricate tapestry of the events of and leading up to 11/22 / 63 . There 's just one minor problem . It 's presented in documentary form and it 's historically 99 % bulsh * t . Yes , there are shady characters that really existed like David Ferry , Clay Shaw , Guy Bannister and a host of others but Stone himself admits to taking quite a bit of poetic license with these characters . After reading about the event and seeing a few scientific reenactments of the shooting itself , the only conclusion you can come to is that Oswald did the shooting . Yea . . Jack Ruby is a major problem for the Gerald Posners of the world who deny even the possibility of a mob link . . but if you are making a documentary/movie about the JFK assassination you might want to stick to the facts and leave your poetic license in your wallet .
 As a political progressive with a lifelong interest in forensics - perhaps triggered to some extent by my childhood experience of the Kennedy assassination - I do n't know which dismays me more
 `` Director 's Cut ? I do n't think so - unless Stone is as sloppy as some of his plot ideas are questionable .
 Okay , the film is very entertaining . There , I 've said it . Now on to the serious stuff . Some people think that even if you do n't believe the conspiracy theories about the JFK assassination , it is worth seeing this film because `` it makes you think '' . The tragedy of this view is that it destroys people 's belief that there is something like `` the Truth '' and encourages mental laziness by not pushing people to look at the evidence , and the evidence clearly shows that the Warren Commissions conclusions about the roles of Oswald and Ruby are correct . Many former `` conspiracy buffs '' like Norman Mailer and Gus Russo did this and admitted they had been wrong.Oliver Stone 's disregard of the truth is appalling . First off , JFK and RFK were no `` liberal saints '' that were out to overturn a `` corrupt establishment '' . JFK was the best friend the `` military/industrial complex '' ever had . He poured huge amounts of money into it by carrying out the biggest peacetime military build-up in history and by giving the go-ahead for the Apollo program to put a man on the Moon by 1970 . JFK moved very cautiously on civil rights and appointed segregations judges to the Federal Courts . After the Bay of Pigs , he felt the CIA should be more tightly controlled and so he put in brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy as unofficial overseer of the organization , taking a VERY active role in Operation Mongoose which was to remove Castro from power in Cuba , by assassination if necessary . Kennedy was making contradictory statements about Vietnam , but there was no real indication he had a concrete plan to pull out , and it must be remembered that President Eisenhower also decided in 1954 not to get involved in helping the French there , thus allowing a Communist takeover of North Vietnam and yet the CIA and the Establishment did n't decide to rub him out . We see that JFK and RFK were no threat to the `` establishment '' and even if he was , they could have easily gotten rid of them by leaking information about JFKs poor health or his scandalous womanizing involving women who had Mafia or East German connections , all of which FBI Director J Edgar Hoover and many others including journalists knew about but handled discreetely , so there was no need to come up with the ridiculous assassination scheme Stone invents in this film.In the ridiculous trial of Clay Shaw -LRB- who was acquitted by the jury after only a few minutes deliberation-showing how effective a prosecutor that charlatan Jim Garrison was -RRB- Garrison quickly points out that there were `` several teams of shooters '' in Dealey Plaza . Where is there any shred of evidence of this ? Yet , this is presented as fact . This is symptomatic of everything that is wrong with this genre of film . It is unfortunate that this anti-intellectualism and cynicism is spreading throughout modern society leading to things like Holocaust denial , racism , support for international terrorism and the like . I hope everyone takes note of this and steers clear of this film and its ilk .
 I realize this movie was made in 1991 , before a lot of research had pretty solidly confirmed the Warren Commission 's findings , but that does n't excuse the dishonesty presented in this fictionalized ` documentary ' . When the president and the governor are placed in their ` properly assigned seats ' -LRB- Kennedy seated to the right a few inches of the governor and leaning out the window , the governor sitting on a ` jump seat ' a few inches higher than Kennedy -RRB- the need for a magic bullet disappears . There have been at least 2 moving car recreations -LRB- with real live dummies pretty closely resembling not only the size , but also the inside bodies of Kennedy and the governor . -RRB- In one of these recreations , the bullet wounds on the dummies match exactly the wounds on the actual bodies , minus the wound to the governor 's thigh . -LRB- The bullet hit an extra ` rib ' inside the dummy , and therefore did n't have enough momentum to injure the dummy 's leg.Some other less than honest claims ... that Oswald was a poor shot . Not true . That Oswald could n't get 3 shots off in 9 seconds . -LRB- A few marksmen were able to get off 3 shots , hitting the intended targets , in just under 9 seconds . -RRB- That he could n't make it down 4 flights of stairs in 90 seconds without being winded . -LRB- A man of similar size and fitness was able to do it in 48 seconds without being winded . -RRB- That he could n't make it to the point where he had the confrontation with the cop in under 15 minutes . -LRB- In another test , the same man was able to get to the destination in about 11 minutes . -RRB- There have been a handful of documentaries shown on the Discovery Channel , History Channel , etc. . Each of the above points , as well as many others , are demonstrated fairly clearly ... Unsolved History
 First , as a movie , you ca n't do better than JFK . In fact , it would be hard to do better than Stone , period , in terms of movie making . This guy is a fantastic director -LRB- and writer -RRB- - imaginative , original , courageous and much more . This movie will absolutely keep you riveted to your seat . In many ways , like Stone 's `` The Doors '' -LRB- a five star effort -RRB- , it will blow your mind . Stone 's creativity , compared to the crap spewing out of Hollywood these days , is truly remarkable.So , why two stars ? The allegations this movie makes -LRB- and do n't be fooled by Stone 's baloney that the movie gives multiple points of view - Stone 's point of view , not subtly delivered , is that the U.S. government whacked Kennedy -RRB- are so absurd , when compared to the actual facts , as to be comical . The completely unfunny part is that many in our illiterate society - particularly the young - will take this crap as real history . The threads of coincidences , etc. which Stone , through nut-case Garrison 's character -LRB- well played , as usual , by Costner -RRB- , tries to morph into facts are so blatantly ridiculous -LRB- if you have taken any time at all to read about or study the Kennedy assassination -RRB- that your mind may be blown in this respect , also.To hear Stone tell it at the time of the movie 's promotion , Kennedy was killed and the Warren commission illegally and under-handedly threw out the lone gunman as fact and no one in positions of responsibility ever challenged that conclusion -LRB- an assertion Dan Rather did a great job of exposing as false in an interview with Stone -RRB- . It would be easy , but probably boring , to point out all of the absurdities in this film - for they are legion . So , my advice would be to 1 -RRB- enjoy the flick , but give it no more credence as history than you would The Wizard of Oz ; 2 -RRB- if you are interested in the Kennedy Assassination , refer to the plethora of great books , documentaries , etc. , which are available from all points of view ; last , as with all things Oliver Stone , consider the source . He is a genius in many ways , but not one who has ever been a champion of truth ... oh , and that Joe Pesci - HOLY COW !
 Take a subject that has been exhaustively examined numerous times . Add wild speculations . Do crude re-constuctions . Shoot everything out of focus , with endless jerks of the camera , and constant flashbacks . And you get this worthless movie .
 I understand that when DVDs first came out we wantedd to get all of our favorites ASAP - Right Stuff , JFK , Total Recall , etc. . I name these three because they were all released and then re-released with new stuff . The new stuff was cool , and it came much later than when the DVD was originally released . However , this is the third JFK DVD to be released already . How many more should we expect . What makes this one anymore special than the Director 's Cut . I appreciate trying to get as much stuff on the DVD as you can , but why could it not have been done on the second one . These DVDs are becoming like computers , as soon as you buy on you better beware because a new , sleeker model will soon be on the way.It boggles my mind !!!
 Ordered this title for my growing Blu ray collection as I really enjoyed this movie on theatrical release and DVD . Took nearly a month to get to me -LRB- I live in New Zealand -RRB- but was a couple of weeks earlier than Amazon had estimated so a bonus I guess.I found this Blu ray version of JFK to be of very average quality picture wise but rather than blame a poor transfer I think it was more to do with Stone wanting to invite the viewer into to an emotional laden storyline than worrying how good this movie would look in 1080p . -LRB- Of course Blu ray was not mainstream when this movie was released -RRB- but as this version was released in 2011 it perhaps couldve been a chance for Warner Bros to really give this film the once over that I believed it deserves.The 5.1 Dolby THD soundtrack is also of average quality but better than my DVD version but there seems to be a small technical glitch where the sound and picture appear out of sync in several key scenes of the movie . I have a 2011 Panasonic Blu ray player and a PS3 and it did this on both machines so maybe its due to the fact of a poor soundtrack transfer Im not sure but Im not impressed.Overall Im glad I have this movie in my collection now -LRB- Currently not available for retail in New Zealand at this point of time -RRB- however I do believe that this version could 've had benefitted so much more from a decent remaster -LRB- picture and soundwise -RRB- to enhance what is an enjoyable watch and arguably a great movie .
 First , I love this movie . I am also a huge fan of dvd . But give me a break . The director 's cut is horrible . Fans of the movie as they saw it in theaters will probably be disappointed by the additional footage . Furthermore , dvds are supposed to offer us variety and extra features . If they are not going to give us any special features , then the least they could do is make one side the director 's cut and the other side the far superior theater version . This is dvd at it 's worst , with the possible exception of `` Last of the Mohicans '' , another bad director 's cut .
 Walter Cronkite came up with probably the most accurate assessment of this Oliver Stone fiasco
 You need to go no further than the empirical evidence to show that Oswald acted alone . As a film , this makes a good story , but I hate to see young people buy into this nonsense as some sort of `` fact '' . It is nothing more than silly speculation and conjecture . With all the conspiracy theories being strongly refuted by computers and technology the last few years , It 's beginning to appear more and more obvious that Oswald did act alone ... no matter how un-exciting that may sound . Even historians that believe in a conspiracy will tell you that the one featured in this film is one of the weakest to be considered . Good filmmaking , great entertainment . Very irresponsible of Oliver Stone . Not history !
 The shame regarding this movie is that Oliver Stone purposely put inaccurate items in it . They were n't `` mistakes '' or literarylicense , they were just lies and biased `` story '' telling . I have to admit it was a fairly well made movie , but it is just propaganda . It would take too long to go over all the things that are wrong or made up . However , I will use one.The main premise of Stone , is that JFK was going to pull out of Vietnam and therefore the `` Military Industrial Complex '' had to kill him . Stone shows JFK in an interview stating that the fight in Southeast Asia was `` Vietnam 's problem not ours '' . Stone uses this to show that Kennedy was going to pull out of Vietnam . What he DOES N'T show you is that later in the SAME interview , Kennedy states that we can not allow communism to spread and must hold the line against China and the Soviet Union . This is what LBJ did and Kennedy most likely would have done the same , especially since he 's the one that sent the U.S. in there in the first place.There are dozens of similar items through out the movie thatStone `` conveniently '' omits from the movie . Unfortunately , the vast majority of the viewers of the movie know very little about the details of the assassination and will take this movie as truth and not a fictionalized verson of real events which is what it is ... You must watch this movie as a well made mystery having VERY little to do with the real world . And to have a good view of what happened in Dallas that day needs a lot more research . And a good start is Gerald Posner 's `` Case Closed '' , it 's a very well written documented researched book . And this despite the previous philistine reviewer that knocked the book , some people will only close their eyes to the truth.Just remember , to take the Stone 's JFK movie seriously you have to believe that the following groups were involved in theassassination of the President with NO ONE talking in 40 + years : Secret Service , FBI , CIA , Dallas Police , Lyndon Johnson , Robert Kennedy , along with support people at all levels of government . That would be tens of thousands of people with no one admitting anything , no deathbed confessions , no anonimous submission to a newpaper or the news ... NOTHING !!! Nixon could n't keep a secret within his cabinet but thousands of people keep the secret to the crime of the century ... . How ridiculous is that ... ?
 I finally watched this movie last night , however I saw the original and not the directors cut.I was annoyed trying to watch this film . Someone should tell Stone that 1 . Using recognizable actors for virtually every role is a major distraction , and 2 . Extreme close-ups of actor 's faces in the majority of the scenes are a poor excuse for film photography , and are a very lazy approach to directing in my opinion.When faced with a -LRB- somewhat -RRB- complicated plot like JFK has , it is imperative that you pay attention to everything spoken by each character . This became difficult for me early on , since I found myself playing `` name that actor '' every five minutes . Off the top of my head , these are some of the actors appearing in this film
 A total work of fiction and a sham . ` JFK ' is the lie perpetrated on the American people . It has contributed to the nonsense that there was a conspiracy - it is convincing when it presents the ` facts ' but this film is full of errors . Also , as an artistic film , the strength of the story / emotional drama etc. . . is carried by the gravity of the evidence / material but one you realize this is all a fake and a Hollywood bastardization of the truth it falls apart factually and artistically.This film has more holes than a wicker canoe . True , some of the evidence was ` gospel ' when the film was made but many errors and half truths made it into the film as absolute fact . Some examples : - Oswald was a lousy shot
 JFK , the worst of Oliver Stone , begins with General Eisenhower 's 1961 warning to America about the complex miscegnation of the military & industry . Eisenhower 's warning , which has totemic or iconic status on the Left because it seemed to presage a half-vast right-wing conspiracy , was apparently abbreviated for public consumption . According to the leftist New York Review of Books , the old general intended to denounce an unholy alliance of militarism , industry , and Congressional Democrats who berated Ike for Cold War bomber gaps and missile gaps that he knew did n't exist . One of the Democrats demanding more billions of dollars for useless armaments against the USSR was Senator John Kennedy , who almost certainly knew the gaps , if they existed , were in our favor , not theirs.Oliver Stone and his JFK fantasy are oblivous to truth and nuance ; they are deadly to history . Even as dystopian fantasy , letting a thousand rotten fleurs du mal of fever-swamp conspiracy wilt & die in the light of day , Stone 's JFK does n't work . That 's mostly because Costner does n't work as Garrison , Garrison does n't work as Warren , & Warren probably got it right the first time
 I find it incredible that anyone could take this badly directed , badly scripted piece of historical revision seriously . Even if you ignore the homophobic , paranoiac re-writing of facts , the film seems to be the work of an over enthusiastic college student . No , make that junior high school . Agonizingly bad writing , self-indulgent acting ... Oliver Stone used to be a decent film maker , but I wish he would just get his frustrations out on an analyst 's couch and leave the rest of us in peace .
 Persons who think this movie to be based on fact would do well to examine the evidence a tad more carefully than this travesty of a film does .
 Was VERY saddened to the fact that this is a two disc special edition and the second disc was MISSING !!!
 The most trusted man in America Mr Walter Cronkite called the film JFK `` a tissue of lies '' . Indeed , from the false opening scenes where a man cops a beating for ` snooping ' -LRB- he was actually beaten over a gambling debt -RRB- to the final scene where Garrison leaves the court with his family -LRB- he was actually in his office when the verdict was announced -RRB- , the film is a lie followed by more lies.We have scenes where a woman in a hospital warns about the upcoming assassination -LRB- never happened -RRB- to a co-conspirator and possible witness found murdered -LRB- never happened -RRB- . We have Garrison going to Washington to meet an officer that was in New Zealand at the time of the shooting -LRB- never happened -RRB- . The court statement that the shots lasted 5.6 seconds is false and the Zapruder film clearly shows that 9 seconds went by.The sound evidence about other shots being fired , mentioned at the end of the film , has now been found to be in error.But the best example of what a dishonest film and director we have here is the ` grassy knoll ' scene.Try as he might , director Oliver Stone could not find a gun that would make enough smoke to be seen by witnesses.Now , does it occur to Oliver Stone that if he could n't find such a gun then why would an assassin use one ? No , instead Oliver then got a man to blow smoke from a bellows to simulate the smoke . Some critics say that sums up the film , full of hot air.The film ends with a line written by a Hollywood writer-Garrison is shown saying `` let the truth be known or the Heavens fall '' . Mr Garrison was n't even at the court at the time of the announced verdict , he was in his office at the time.Mr Stone has the gall to talk about truth when he makes up facts.Oliver Stone has since made other films that have had their historical accuracy questioned .
 When you have a historical movie , I do n't think you can just judge it on its dramatic effect . I think you have to also judge it on whether it is accurate . On the latter , JFK fails miserably . If you read the best book on the assassination CASE CLOSED by Gerald Posner , you 'll see that this movie totally slanders Clay Shaw . Clay Shaw was found innocent in a court of law , the evidence since has held up his innocense , and that a paranoid like Oliver Stone should make slanderous crap like this and that people should praise it , is deeply deeply disturbing . I think the making of this movie was , in fact , a criminal act . -LRB- How would you like it if , after you died , someone made a movie about you , saying you had killed Nicole Brown Simpson ... and a bunch of people on Amazon.com rated it 5 stars . Would n't be too fun , now , would it ? -RRB-
 I really liked this film when I first saw it in theatres , even as I doubted a lot of methods in which Stone draws his conclusions and retells his `` facts . '' The cast is good and , to be such a long film , it holds together.But in the years since then , a lot more has come out about the Kennedy assassination -- and Stone 's film.I just watched a show on the History Channel last night that completely destroys this movie 's entire conspiracy theory . It WAS possible for Oswald to get off three shots from 88 yards -LRB- and an 89-year-old man did it nearly a dozen times to demonstrate it -RRB- ; the fatal head shot DID come from behind the president -LRB- as shown in the autopsy -RRB- ; the `` magic bullet '' DID create the wounds in Kennedy and Governor Connally without turning or `` hanging in the air '' -LRB- a computer recreation showed how everyone was sitting for that to happen -RRB- . Can these things still be argued ? I believe that anyone looking at all the data available now would have a hard time doing so . But I know they will . There 's a paranoid guy at work who 's passing out cheaply-made `` documentaries '' of what REALLY happened on 9-11 , so crazy theories about everything will always be around.It was also disappointing to find out that Jim Garrison , the crusading attorney played Kevin Costner , was revised by Stone for his movie -- and that Stone completely embellished his final speech in the film . Garrison never said that!I do n't really have much of a problem with that kind of artistic license , but only if it 's acknowledged . As long as Oliver Stone continues to insist that his version of JFK is reality , then it tends to make open-minded viewers a little squeamish . `` Well , if that 's not how it happened , then it should have ! `` That sounds more like something Michael Moore would say ...
 As someone who was born over twenty years after the assassination of John F. Kennedy , my link to this event is more historical than emotional . This is important , for I think it helps me avoid the biases and passionate assumptions that plague so many of my predecessors in the Baby Boomer generation . Everyone alive at that time remembers where they were on the day Kennedy was killed , and since the man represented so many hopes , it is of little wonder that so much emotion and conspiratorial thinking cloud this issue . Some of it is unintended ; Oliver Stone 's film seems to intentionally mislead.The fact is that everyone from Norman Mailer to Myth Busters has weighed in on the possibility that Oswald did not act alone , or did not shoot the president , or a patsy in the wrong place at the wrong time . Evidence and common sense have forced sources as disparate as these to one conclusion
 The real shame of a movie like this is that so many viewers think it has some relationship to reality.Don ' t get me wrong . I happen to be one of those people who believes that the Warren Commission version of the Kennedy assassination is full of holes . It 's probable that Oswald was part of a large conspiracy , and that , in his own words , he was `` a patsy . `` That does not mean , however , that Oliver Stone 's paranoid fantasies have any basis in reality.Jim Garrison , the character played by Kevin Costner , is a real person . He was really the DA of New Orleans . He really indicted prominent homosexual businessman Clay Shaw for conspiracy to murder John F. Kennedy . After a legal persecution that lasted for about two years , culminating in a trial that took weeks , a jury of sensible adults acquitted Clay Shaw of all the charges against him . They took less than an hour to review the paltry evidence before deciding in Shaw 's favor.In the years since the trial ended , gay rights organizations in New Orleans have erected plaques in various parts of the city commemorating Shaw 's contribution to the city 's economic growth . He was a victim , pure and simple . There was almost no evidence against him at all.Garrison 's entire career as DA might be looked at as one long publicity stunt . Right after he got elected , he indicted his predecessor for malfeasance , but the case was dismissed for lack of evidence . He staged a big crackdown on crime in the French Quarter , but got almost no convictions . When he accused a bunch of judges of conspiring against him , they charged him with criminal defamation and won . He accused the state parole board of accepting bribes , but could n't even get an indictment . Garrison was great at holding press conferences , but not so great at proving his numerous accusations.In my own mind , there are two ways to view Jim Garrison . One is that he was a glory-seeking opportunist . The other is that he was a glory-seeking nutcase . It is a travesty that any movie should be made about Garrison that features him as a hero . In fact , he was a paranoid manipulator of the legal system who victimized an innocent man . In the hands of an actor better than Costner , with a script that did n't sugar-coat the facts , this story about the wild ravings of a glory hound could have been a great comedy .
 One of my all time favorites is treated like dirt on DVD . A HORRIBLE transfer . Keep you VHS copy until they rerelease this . It also has next to nothing for extras and it 's a dual layer -LRB- flipper -RRB- disc -LRB- long movie of course but not long enough to warrant this since DVD holds 4 hours on each side -RRB- . This was one of the first films to be put on DVD so maybe all this is n't surprising and I 'm sure it will be rereleased ... but c'mon Warner Bros. , HURRY UP ALREADY!So if you are considering buying JKF on DVD - WAIT .
 The movie `` JFK '' was described by the most trusted man in America Walter Cronkite as `` a tissue of lies '' . Director Oliver Stone now calls this film `` an alternative myth '' such is the misinformation and inaccuracies in this movie . The line `` let the truth be known or the Heavens fall '' is from a Hollywood writer and was never stated . In actual fact , Garrison was n't even at the courts at the time of the court 's decision . He was in his office at the time . Indeed , there is little truth in this film as a lot of the witnesses and their fates were made up for this fictional movie .
 During the speech that Jim Garisson , played by Kevin Costner , gives towards the end of this film , he quotes Adolf Hitler
 Oliver Stone 's contribution to the Kennedy assassination will be similar to P.T. Barnum 's contribution to the discovery of mermaids . Oliver Stone 's movie `` JFK '' is virtually a lie from start to finish . Evidence pointing to the real assassin -LRB- Lee Harvey Oswald -RRB- is virtually ignored while every kooky theory to come down the conspiracy nut pipeline for thirty years is included . He adds evidence and characters that do n't really exist , he distorts the historical record , and he manipulates the uninitiated to the point that they see Oliver Stone as a modern Messiah come to free the world from the machinations of a corrupt government . His errors include -LRB- but are NOT limited to -RRB- :1 . Creating a false scenerio involving Rose Cherami , a drug addicted stripper who was struck by a passing motorist -LRB- not thrown from the car as Stone invented -RRB- and who told police that `` word in the underworld '' was that Kennedy was going to be assassinated . But offered NO further details . Stone 's version paints a very different -LRB- and untrue -RRB- depiction of Rose Cherami .2 . Stone totally ignored Oswald bringing the rifle to work on the morning of the assassination , he ignored the fact that Oswald 's prints on the rifle , he ignored that eyewitnesses placed Oswald inthe TSBD WITH the rifle in hand , he ignored Oswald 's clothing fibers found in the butt plate of the rifle , he ignores the fact that ALL bullets and fragments were traced to Oswald 's and ONLY Oswald 's rifle , he ignores the fact that most earwitnesses -LRB- 80 % -- 136 out of 172 -RRB- stated they heard three and only three gunshots -LRB- Stone postulates there were six shots even though only ONE witness agreed with this fantasy and THAT witness said that one of the shots came several MINUTES after the other ones -RRB- , Stone theorizes with no corroborating evidence that shots came from three different directions yet he fails to mention that among the earwitnesses there that day only 2 % said shots originated from more than one location . That means 98 % said that ALL shots came from one and only one location . Conveniently Stone fails to inform his audience of this uncomfortable fact .3 . Stone claims that the backyard photographs were faked yet no photographic professionals agree and as of 2010 not one speck of photograph evidence has emerged to support the theory of falsified backyard photographs . Additionally Sonte conveniently fails to mention that Oswald himself signed one of the photographs when he autographed it for his daughter . So to believe Stone , Oswald saw the phony photographs made of him by unseen forces but decided to autograph it anyway for his daughter to remember him by .4 . In `` JFK '' all of Stone 's assassination witnesses tell police and Secret Service that all shots came from the area of the grassy knoll . Yet not one , NOT ONE witness is seen to be pinpointing the shots as having originated from the TSBD where MORE witnesses claimed the shots originated than the grassy knoll . Stone 's ommission of this fact reveals his bias and his historical dishonesty .5 . Concerning Oswald 's murder of Officer J.D. Tippit , Stone creates the false impression that only one eyewitness identified Oswald as the killer . This is false . There were TEN eyewitnesses that either saw Oswald shoot Tippit or flee from the scene and actually only ONE witness talked of another gunman , and she gave her version only to conspiracy manipulator Mark Lane in 1966.6 . In `` JFK '' railroad switchman Lee Bowers is shown saying he saw a `` flash of light and smoke '' come from behind the stockade fence , however Stone fails to mention that on the DAY of the assassination Bowers gave two statements in which he said NOTHING about any flash of light nor puff of smoke . Again , his version magically changed after passing through the skillful and unethical leading of Mark Lane in 1966.7 . Assassination Jean Hill is depicted as rational and dependable in her testimony , however nothing could be further from the truth . The day of the assassination Jean Hill gave statements that she did NOT see anyone firing a weapon at the President and did not see the source of the shots . However twenty-six years later her story magically changed and now she saw a flash of light and puff of smoke come from -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- the grassy knoll .8 . Stone shows his audience a sketch drawn by conspiracy theorist Robert Groden that incorrectly places John Connally directly in front of President Kennedy which is both misleading and inaccurate . Connally was seated nearly six inches IN-BOARD from the side door and nearly four inches lower than Kennedy . But Stone fails to include an accurate depiction of the limousine knowing full well that such a drawing would prove beyond ALL doubt that the single bullet conclusion was correct.I could go on with more than twenty-five other dishonest and misleading tactics used by Oliver Stone in this distorted version of history -LRB- Oliver 's Twist -RRB- but this list is sufficient.If you want real history avoid `` JFK '' at all costs . If you want a dishonest , slanted , and inaccurate version of a relatively simple murder then THIS is the movie for you .
 As a movie , it 's fine . As history , it 's absurd.Based on one man 's neurosis -LRB- albeit , hard to tell if that one man is Stone or Garrison -RRB- , JFK purports to explain the `` conspiracy '' behind the Kennedy assassination . If you choose to believe it , you delude yourself . No good evidence exists that has not been explained logically in coherence with the single-assassin-Oswald theory . Sadly , many more people will believe Stone 's fraudulent tale than will ever consider investigating the details of the murder in a logical , un-hyped analysis.Better not to see it at all ...
 JFK . A movie that is so ridiculous , `` It 's an Enigma '' . oh poor Oliver stone and all the other silly people who think there is `` more '' to the story with all these hairy and wild plots . If you notice it 's actually a trait of the far left . the deranged far left . Watching this movie or any Oliver Stone movie is like getting a Root Canal or worst . A Great Revisionist story According to Oliver .
 When this movie came out everyone was talking about it . It was up for Best Picture against Silence of The Lambs , Bugsy , and Beauty And The Beast . Looking back at 1992 's Oscars , JFK should never been in there.The Acting , from great actors , is over the top like in so many of Stone 's films . Not everything is supposed to be like a Greek tragedy ! Too many cutaways , and too many half assed historical `` facts '' . Stone 's best work will always be Platoon . That movie had it 's over done scenes , but , it never went overboard like JFK , Nixon , Any Given Sunday ... well , all his flicks since 1987 's Wall Street.For anyone foolish enough to still retain affects from the conspiracy talk ... it 's just a movie from a bad director .
 If Garrison could bring his load of bull to court , I can see why their are innocent people in prison and on death row . Fools are easily fooled . I hope Garrison had to pay court costs for wasting the people 's money . SHAME ON YOU STONE .
 Think of this , I am Garrison , in this movie played by Kevin Costner , and my hero JFK has been shot , so what do I do ? In my position as a prosicutor I go on a fanciful investigation of this horrible murder of a much beloved president , in which I find no real evidence but , prosicute someone anyway . And then , at the end I run into this guy on the mall in Washington who no one else sees , says he is one of `` THEM '' , wears a dark suit and confirms absolutely everything I already knew but could n't proove . Thats It I prooved it you must now beleive me ! I am now smarter than the Warren Commision . Sorry for the sarcasam , the only thing that can be considered of any historical merit in this movie is the wonderful example of conspiricy theory mythology , which not only exists , but is held very sacred by some .
 Except for some fine performances , this examination into the Kennedy Assassination really does n't tell us anything new or different . It 's hard to be entertained or informed by a movie that simply presents the facts everyone has heard a hundred times . Not even good as a documentary because it 's been Hollywoodized . If you like Oliver Stone , watch `` Platoon '' instead because it 's a much better film .
 This is a great film except the only factual event portrayed by Oliver Stone was that JFK was assassinated ! Jim Garrison is one of the more despicable figures in American history , and Stone glorifying him is downright wrong . I find it interesting that Stone 's version of events stops short of Garrison getting hauled into federal court and ordered ... ordered ! by the sitting federal judge to leave Clay Shaw alone . If you do n't believe me , read False Witness by Patricia Lambert . She de-bunks the Garrison myth with actual facts . In fact , the History Channel just aired a documentary based on her book , and Oliver Stone refused to be interviewed for it . Read the book , throw away the movie . Distorting history like Stone did is shameless .
 If you want to watch Oliver Stone 's take on the JFK assasination , by all means , watch this movie . But do n't take this film version of events as gospel truth . Its a conspiracy movie , pure and simple . Oliver Stone 's version of what HE thinks happened.John F. Kennedy was a conservative democrat compared to today 's liberal democrats . I ca n't believe people actually considered this movie as uncovering the TRUTH . Give me a break . This film bored me to death .
 This is truly a bad movie ... The historical `` premise '' is incorrect . JFK expanded the war in Vietnam , and there is no reason to believe that he would have changed his mind if he had not been assasinated . The conspiracy plot is laughable . I did not think it was possible for me to feel sympathy for Lyndon Johnson , a failure as President , but the movie almost invoked those feelings by portraying him as a conspirator against JFK . Kevin Costner is awful as Garrison . His accent is amateurish , for example . Tommy Lee Jones is the only actor who puts in a credible performance .
 i read book after book after book about jfks assassination when i was in high school.then i saw the movie as part of this ongoing teach all school kids to hate the white people program the schoolboards are hung up on now.its so bogged down woth detail and specific information , youd have to be an expert to follow the story.basicly , at the end , you dont know anything more than when you started.hes dead.he got shot a long time ago.there was probably more than one guy involved but well never know .
 This movie is pure slander and libel against a man -- Claw Shaw -- who was found innocent in a court of law . Would those rating this movie highly care if , after they were dead , I made a movie claiming they had killed John Lennon or Tupac Shakur ? That this movie ever got a budget from a major movie studio is highly highly disturbing . But , of course , ... . will probably think my pointing this out is too controversial for my review to be posted . More controversial than Oliver Stone accusing an innocent man of murder . I 'm glad his and Kevin Costner 's movie careers have slid into the abyss . It 's what both men deserve for slandering Clay Shaw . If you want to read the true story of the Kennedy Assasination , read Gerald Posner 's book CASE CLOSED . Oswald killed Kennedy , and he was a lone gunman .
 JFK , Oliver Stone 's supposed masterpiece about the Kennedy assassination , probes the abyss of nonsensical conspiracy theory and never emerges from the black hole . Forty years after one of the darkest days in US history , facts now show how poorly done Stone 's movie was from a fact standpoint.In November of 2003 , the week of the fortieth anniversary of Kennedy 's death in Dallas , Peter Jennings tackled every pillar upon which Stone had based his arguments for conspiracy and totally wiped them out . Oswald a poor shot ? Nonsense ! Oswald achieved marksman status in the US Marine Corps . Not enough time to get off three shots ? Rubbish ! Jennings ' report clearly demonstrates that three shots were more than doable . The final fatal shot came from the front and right ? Hardly ! Never mind which way Kennedy 's body falls in the Zapruder film . Ballistics is the only science that can be trusted here , along with facts from Kennedy 's autopsy . Autopsy X-rays of Kennedy 's skull definitively show that the point of impact was from behind and above and not from the front . The spot on the back of Kennedy 's head could not have been hit by a shot from the grassy knoll unless conspiracy theorists are claiming a `` magic bullet '' of their own that hung in midair then turned sharply to the right in order to enter Kennedy 's head from the proper trajectory.Pristine bullet ? Magic bullet ? Secret meetings with conspiratorial assassins ? Jack Ruby working in a supposed conspiracy ? Fiction ! Pure unadulterated fiction ! Stone 's skills as a gifted moviemaker are there in JFK in rich abundance but he falls into the hole when it comes to history.Douglas McAllister
 This was one of the most boring and uninteresting movies that I have ever sat through . The message was just as dubious . `` Is the government worth preserving when it lies to the people ? '' My answer
 Oliver Stone managed to create a quilt of lunacy , fantasy , some facts , and downright lies . Anyone that comes away thinking that they saw some facts regarding the JFK murder , is actually fooling themselves . Do n't waste anytime with this tripe .
 If you want the truth , watch the Discovery Channel or the History Channel . They 've done some excellent documentaries on the subject.The only thing this movie gets right was the fact that JFK was shot in Dallas . The rest is a bunch of giant lies ! Stone should be locked up for passing off this fiction as truth . And what 's most unfortunate about it is that young people will believe this nonsense as what really happened . It 's not ! Lies ! Lies and more lies !
 I saw this movie in the theaters for its original release and have seen it a few times over the years since then . Being something of a paranoid leftist myself , I might be inclined , out of sheer desire to believe the worst of our government and `` the military-industrial complex , '' that this movie is A Good Thing because it is such a watchable film , with great characters , mostly great acting -LRB- Costner , of whom I 'm usually a fan , lagging behind his costars here -RRB- , beautiful score , incredible directing and a very compelling story.But it 's my opinion that this movie is in fact a Bad Thing , because it is such a transparent distortion of history . I think it 's irresponsible for a filmmaker who is doing a movie about a specific historical event to allow his own passions and prejudices to totally distort that history . I believe our government has done some brutal , brutal things . Some behind closed doors and some right out in the open . But in this case , it 's really hard to argue government involvement , if you know the facts . I urge you to try and find them for yourselves , do n't depend on this movie to teach them to you , because this movie is NOT an accurate portrayal of history , it 's Oliver Stone 's somewhat obvious and recurring pathology of the two fathers conflict that i 've notice crop up in at least three of his movies ... Barnes and Elias in Platoon , Michael Douglas and Martin Sheens ' characters in Wall Street and now Kennedy and LBJ in JFK . I think Stone dangerously simplifies history in this movie with his idolization of JFK and his demonization of LBJ and his portrayal of a vast sentient conspiracy within the federal government . Again , not to deny that such conspiracies exist and do evil , for I feel that they do . But not in this case.Go read `` Case Closed '' by Gerald Posner -LRB- an independent author with no ties to the Government -RRB- and tell me I 'm wrong.So the point of this review is that I feel that all of these other reviewers who , in their praise for JFK , blithely gloss over the fact that it 's not historically accurate either do n't understand just how incredibly inaccurate the movie really is or seem to be missing the point that it 's dangerous and irresponsible to portay history as anything other than as accurate as can possibly be done . Oliver Stone clearly did n't do that here . The Jim Garrison case was a disgraceful fiasco that ruined the reputations and lives of innocent men and has since been historically discredited . Maybe I 'm making too much of this point , but I 'm only doing so because I have n't seen anyone else in all these reviews really mention it at all .
 Oliver Stone has created a film `` monster '' that forsakes the facts of the Kennedy assassination , and focuses on a pure imaginary conspiracy that is the `` brainchild '' of New Orlean 's District Attorney Jim Garrison . Wow , does Stone ever take liberty with the facts to present Garrison 's deeply flawed and unproven theory ! Yet , because he is a good dramatic filmmaker , Stone makes this film very interesting and intriguing , and leaves the -LRB- uninformed and casual -RRB- viewer with the sense that a great travesty was inflicted on the American public with the death of JKF . In essense , Garrison 's theory was that Clay Shaw , a prominant businessman in New Orleans , arranged for the assassination of JFK and recruited a bunch of shady underworld characters to do the job for him , one of which was Lee H. Oswald . Garrison 's complex theory has Lyndon Johnson as the eventual source of the asassination , as Lyndon 's motivation was to obtain the power of the presidency . Of course , there is actually NO proof of anything in Garrison 's theory , and in a court trial -LRB- which is the film 's climax -RRB- , the case against Clay Shaw is dropped for lack of evidence and he is declared innocent.Garrison got a lot of press out of his theory and antics , and he was a media darling appearing on late night talk shows giving the audience nothing but innuendos and half-truths . Yet , the public was intrigued by a man such as Garrison who so confidently proclaimed he knew the REAL truth about the Kennedy assassination and would shortly break the news and case wide open . Of course he never did . What he did do was ruin Clay Shaw 's business and life , and all because Garrision sought personal fame and the spotlight . Garrison used Clay Shaw to elevate himself , destroying Shaw in the process.Kevin Costner is excellent as Jim Garrison , and because of Stone 's script and Costner 's performance , the viewer wants to believe that Garrison was a man who was after the truth and acted with honor and within the law . Unfortunately for reality , the cold hard facts say otherwise.Stone sets back the Kennedy assassination light years with his untruthful account and his impact on viewers who have had little exposure to the real facts about the assassination . This is why his book is a `` monster '' , as Stone has set off his eager viewers down a path that leads nowhere . If Stone wanted to do service to the Kennedy assassination , he could have least selected a conspiracy theory that had some basis in fact ; in this case , Garrison 's theory has been shown by several authors to be completely without truth or merit - a complete fabrication of Garrison 's immagination.While the acting and story are worth a 5-star rating , the real truth about the assassination takes a beating and I can not give this film a positive rating . If you want to view the film as a pure effort in fiction , then it could perhaps be rated a 4-star movie , however , it 's message is that Lyndon Johnson had Kennedy killed , and this is a charge that must be taken seriously and not lightly . Therefore , I say avoid this film . It will fill your mind with half-truths and conspiracies and will not point you to the truth.Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
 It looks to me as if Mike Rooker is in the same boat as James -LRB- Beverly Hills Cop , Extremeties , We 're No Angels -RRB- Russo . Bad Guy Bad Guy Bad Guy . Only with Micael Rooker it 's , Mississippi Burning , Sea of Love , etc. . It really was n't neccessary to -LRB- In this Version -RRB- expose The Character of Bill Brousard of being linked to The Conspierancy It Self . I Really Disliked that Airport Scene where Kevin Costner was giving holy hell to Mike Rooker . At least in the original version , Bill seemed to Genuinly be on the same side as Jim Garretson . Bil Brousard was the one who found out that Clay Shaw was Clay Bertrand , was n't he ? Also , it was clear that the FBI was Blackmailing Bill . Remember the scene where Bill is holding the umbrella , and the FBI guy approached him and told him to get in the car ? `` Oswald didd n't pull that trigger , Castro Did . But if that comes out , there 's going to be a war . Millions of people are going to die '' . Remember that line ? I also do n't believe that sentence in the credits claiming that it was discovered that Bill Brousard was working with the CIA from the get go . In my opinion that was just a bunch of Political Sour Grapes by Oliver Stone . This Movie was based on conjector not facts . And do n't ever get me started on that Dick Cavett Movie on Elvis . That was a classic example of `` Diarrhea of the Pen '' Anyway , is there anyone out there in Holliwood , come Christmas Season willing to give Michael Rooker a roll of Santa Clause . And lets see James Russo playing some aging detective . Bottom line , I do n't know who i sympathised with more , The character himself or the actor playing him .
 While the DVD was technically well done ; transfer was good , sound was good . The content was without merit . It seemes to strive for a Short Stories feel but it fell far short . I for one , do not need to see a bunch of `` walk-in '' scenes . They have no real dramatic effect.Do not waste your time or your money on this dog.D not waste your money on this dog .
 Although the other reviewers mention the meaning of the movie and the cinematography , I imagine few will consider these things when watching this movie . Most people will check this movie out just to see if there is as much sex in it as the title implies . It wo n't be anything more than a softcore porn . And for you folks into watersports , this movie may be worth looking into . It is quite possibly the only publicly released non-porno to feature pissing . I imagine finding actors to pee on film must have been very difficult .
 I read a few reviews here saying things like , `` brilliantly ambitious '' and `` not your mainstream movie '' ... how the movie makes you think and how colorful and amazing it is.Well , it 's not . I 've seen and enjoyed plenty of other silent , artsy , foreign , or otherwise `` non-mainstream '' movies , and this is one of the most dull and boring by far . Make that painfully boring . No message , nothing to chew on , no insight . How can a film be considered poignant when everything in it is so blatantly obvious ? Not to mention pretentious . The slow panning landscape shots were lackluster and poorly chosen reeking of a low budget and lack of creativity . The only moment that broke the mold was when full nude Adam and Eve urinated in front of each other . +1 star for WTF factor.I tried to like it , I really did . I sat through straight to the end thinking `` surely it has SOME insight ... '' . Alas , I was thoroughly disappointed .
 I am not here to critique any of the other reviewers who gave this film 5 stars , who called it `` ambitious and mesmerizing '' , which this film is far from . Just here to warn you that this self-indulgent , boring and `` Lynch '' wannabe should be viewed with a laugh track of its own . Maybe a drinking party game , where every time someone viewing this film says `` huh ? ' '' , you take a shot . You 'll be passed out in no time . And speaking of time ... do n't waste it on this one .
 i watched it tonight . i am confident that most of this film was shot without the benefit of a script or direction . most of the movie makes no sense ; the scenes play out of sequence and bear little relation to one another -LRB- except the adam and eve stuff -RRB- . there is a hilarious incident with a blind woman and her ... aware dog . i would not watch this movie if i were you , though .
 ... and you will be if you decide to make the same mistake I made.I kept hearing and reading good reviews about this films . Now , I knew that Mike Figgis 's work is not always accessible , but I never expected this kind of a mess . Not only does this film move at an excruciatingly slow pace , but it avoids making sense most of the time . The different stories sort of intertwine but they never really connect.Saffron Burrows acts as if she was bored throughout the filming ... All in all
 After his masterpiece `` Leaving Las Vegas '' I was looking forward to the next film from the talented Figgis but this is one of the most boring films ever made . I love slow , art-house films and having more music than dialogue was intriguing but this one just put me to sleep . A cure for insomnia . How could the twins at the airport not talk to each other ? Maybe I missed something .
 its a dull film - theres not nearly enough JRM in it as id liked and some unknown reason we keep getting these pictures of rivers and babies and this Adam and Eve duo ! does anyone understand what its about except the director ?
 I will grant that I do n't watch a lot of art or independant films , but I checked this one out because I think Saffron Burrows is a fine actress and incredibly beautiful . This movie seems to be trying to impress people with an `` artistic '' re-invention of the Garden of Eden tale woven with a more modern tale . I got what he was trying to say with this -LRB- or at least most of it -RRB- , but I thought the movie and its ' message just did n't work .
 This is quite possibly the most insufferably self-absorbed and pretentious film it has ever been my misfortune of sitting through , and the one time in my life that I did n't complain when the people in front of me started talking . Loudly . Pretty to look at , but utterly vacuous , This film is the sort that give ` art films ' a bad name , the sort of things you see parodied on sketch comedy shows . It 's visually impressive , but then so are most perfume commercials , and this has about as much depth as a perfume commercial . Playing like an overly -LRB- to put it mildly -RRB- ambitious installment of Red Shoe Diaries , The Loss of Sexual Innocence is actually painful to behold . Its woefully misguided premise that sexuality is the be all , end all of who we are is laughable and vaguely offensive . The performances are hollow and superficial . The pseudo-Camus ending is terrible , and the fact that the film 's longest stretch of dialogue comes when the over priviliged characters begin to talk , directly to the camera , about the plight of the third world was enough to make me want to demand repayment of the money I did n't spend on this mess . And I wo n't even get into the Adam and Eve sequences . I actually was looking forward to this after seeing the trailer and reading an article about it , but now I 'll be happy if I just never see it again .
 This badly acted botch of a film plays like a parody of pretentious 1970s arthouse movies which were , in turn , tired tributes to pretentious French movies from the 1960s . Lots of apparently disconnected scenes , scrambled in time , evolving at a glacial pace towards a pseudo-profound conclusion . Finally , and thankfully , the various strands are gathered together to make a few trite and adolescent points . Dreadful stuff . When I was 15 years old -LRB- in the 1970s -RRB- I would have regarded this movie with awe . Now , I simply wonder why a fine director would make such a silly and self-indulgent film so far into his career . Mr Figgis , please return to making movies for adults . Viewers , do n't waste your time .
 this movie was definitely a mind-engager . It is n't the sort of film you can chat through , or you might not understand it at all . When I purchased this DVD , I expected something entirely different ... This film has sort of a lost , lonely feel to it . The scenarios are loosely jointed and have little to do with each other , but the characters ' emotions are poignant and realistic . The `` stories '' within the movie just kind of fall together ; there is n't a climax of any sort . It was interesting , though-worth checking out just for the experience .
 The idea of this movie has got to be the biggest crock of * ! % # . Science tells us that the first woman and man were AFRICAN , so why do we have a White woman playing `` Eve '' ??? One can clearly see the explicit attempt to mock and separate the holy union between an African man and woman . First , the Egyptians were white and now Eve ????? Give me a break . I 'm just glad I have the knowledge to see through this trash .
 Yes this was dubbed and would have been much better with subtitles . The really disappointing aspect is the very poor quality of the video picture . The quality does not even rise to the level of an old VHS copy . It is not only very poor , but the picture tends to jump and skip . The colors are faded and the sound quality is also poor . The technical defects render this product almost unwatchable .
 This is a ripp off !! none of the special features are included in this dvd as per what is advised ? -LRB- Remastered in high definition from the restored original 2P negativeExtensive poster and still galleryOriginal U.S. theatrical trailerCollectible booklet with talent bios and reprint of the original Japanese press booklet -RRB- The picture quality is shocking !! this shouldnt be available for sale on amazon.ps i wouldnt have rated this at all , but you have to select something for this review to go through
 I 've seen many bad dubbings , but this just tops the cake . Everything about this DVD is just wrong and inexcusable
 I was misled by the review which stated that this was the DVD from NoShame . My fault , I did n't read the comments under the review . When I was about to order , I saw that the label should be Koch . I have several DVDs from Koch and am happy with the quality . The item I received is from EPI -LRB- Entertainment Programs Incorporated -RRB- . The movie is full screen , blurred , and dubbed . I was very disappointed . I should have bought the version released by Eureka . The movie itself was great . I love Vittorio de Sica works .
 `` Yesterday , Today and Tomorrow is very ` dated ' . I show movies in our apartment movie room to an audience of primarily over 70 's group so it not that we are youngsters complaining about the humor , the film itself and the aucustics . It is three stories : ; none of which have anything to do with the title . Of course , the film is old and hard to understand , it is also not believable ... any of it . I would NOT recommend this movie altho I am a fan of Sophie Lauren AND Marcle Maestranno ...
 This is an extremely disappointing copy of 3 great original movies . Looks as if it was duplicated on poor dvd equipment from old , used VHS tapes . No wonder it 's hard to find out who made this . I would n't want to take credit for it , either . Hard to enjoy in this poor format . My delivery took place in February , 2006 .
 Is there any better version of Yesterday Today & Tomorrow ? The movie is great . However the video quality is too bad . It 's a shame .
 Terrible ! It 's dubbed and you can only hear English . It 's advertised as having the option of listening to the original Italian but you ca n't . Do n't buy it
 Even though I am not a Sophia Loren fan , I thoroughly enjoyed her perfomance in these 3 different short stories about 3 totally different women . Anyone born before 1940 should enjoy them as well .
 I bought this DVD because of the new -LRB- 2005 -RRB- cover , thinking that it was a new release . Which , hopefully , would correct all the problems mentioned in previous reviews . The reviews were helpful , and the reason why I did n't purchase until now . What a scam ! The quality is just as bad as everyone said , only the cover is new . It 's bad enough what a travesty it is to do this to a great film , but to repackage the some old , same old is adding insult to injury ! Why ca n't Criterion get hold of a decent negative and bring this masterpiece out with their usual excellence ? The film itself is wonderful , the best of the best of Italian cinema . The DVD transfer is unforgivable . Do n't waste your money . Someone should sue ...
 Horrible transfer , horrible dvd menu , horrible overdub in english . This is a great movie that deserves much better . Do not buy this version .
 The DVD is new but the technical quality of the picture and sound is so poor that it 's impossible to watch the movie . It was a waste of my money and time .
 This DVD is of very low quality . The resolution reminds me of low-grade video tape . The sound is at times compromised by a low-level rushing , roaring sound . The color is washed out in places and several degrees off in hue at times . I 'm quite certain that Carlo Ponti -LRB- Producer -RRB- and Vittorio de Sica -LRB- Director -RRB- did not produce films of this poor quality . The DVD was judged to be unacceptable .
 The quality of both the video and audio of this version of this classic movie is absolute rubbish . The film is extremely grainy and the dialogue ca n't be understood in large segments . DO N'T BUY THIS POOR COPY . You will be out-of-pocket $ 10.00 for this made in a closet rip-off ! From now on , I 'm going to make sure I read the customer reviews of DVDs on Amazon before I buy - I see that many warnings were already logged prior to my purchse . Caveat emptor ...
 I am a Loyal Amazon customer from Australia with a large collection of Laserdiscs-DVD 's and Blue Ray Discs.This Dvd Yesterday Today & Tomorrow is the `` Worst copy of any format that i have seen even worse than a cheap budget VHS Tape , -LRB- Claims to be Digitally Remastered by EPI -RRB- i would not even give it one star for picture or sound.Please Amazon do not stock this Junk and send it to your customers.There must be a quality version available from a reputable studio.W.Davies
 I wish I had read these comments before buying . Amazon called it NEW so I assumed the quality would be good , but it looks like a copy of a copy . Imagines are blurred and color is terrible . Would n't it be better to tell costumers what to expect ?
 I watched this DVD for three minutes , then threw it in the garbage.The quality was that poor .
 The product was extremely disappointing in quality . The photography was sometimes blurred , the soundtrack uneven , and the editing uneven as well . For example , the famous striptease scene near the end of the film on this version on screen consisted only of a women 's stocking flying in the air from the right border of the picture . While stockings and belt are the only clothing items removed by Sophia Loren , the viewer does not see her take them off.I have seen other versions of this movie and bought this copy only because I could not obtain one of them . The copy I purchased compares unfavorably with the others I have viewed , especially the DVD copy I later borrowed from the public library .
 Buyers Beware-do NOT buy this item from the company advertising it at the attractive $ 10.48 cent price ! I did , and instead of the version from NoShame that the seller promises , what I received was a low quality dvd that was dubbed in English , with a completely different slimline box cover from an inferior no name manufacturer . I saw this dvd 2 years ago at the old Tower Records in the bargin bin for $ 5.00 ! I did ' t want it then , and I do n't want it now . Online sellers should n't advertise items that they have no intention of delivering .
 I bought this because it looked like a good deal but I had no way of knowing that it was dubbed . I had originally seen both films in Italian with subtitles ... and both truly are wonderful films -LRB- Sophia won Best Actress for Two Women -RRB- . If they only included the information -LRB- dubbed or subtitled -RRB- I would have been able to make an informed decision instead of taking a shot in the dark . Obviously , I 'm not happy with the dubbed version . Oh , and also , the quality of the video is less than great .
 I believe the Amazon.com Editorial Review is self explanatory . This film is a masterpiece , an important component of Sofia Loren 's filmography and one of her most admired performances.Now let 's address this DVD release ! It was apparently transfered from deteriorated film elements , horrendous -LRB- jolts -RRB- pan and scan with an annoying monophonic dubbed soundtrack . This DVD release does not do justice to this Italian cinematographic jewel . It should not be in the market . Perhaps it is best to visit Italy , buy its PAL version and play it back in one of today 's fine multi region DVD players . Do n't spend a penny on this monstruosity .
 Not paying attention to the reviews , I purchased the Entertainment Programs International release of Yesterday today and tomorrow . This is a classic of Italian cinema . Well worth owning for any fans of european cinema . I am however not impressed with this transfer and urge buyers to look to the widescreen , No Shame release . I own boccaccio '70 -LRB- another Italian classic -RRB- from No Shame And it has excellent audio and video quality .
 It is tragic to see that such a great Sophia Loren flick has beenreduced to this awful transfer on DVD.Don ' t buy this DVD , the picture quality is so bad that the entiremovie is out of focus , fuzzy , blurry and hurts your eyes.The sound is all distorted as well.This DVD is from a company called Entertainment Programs Inc. , in California and they have obviously transfered a pan/scan version of a really bad washed out VHS tape on this DVD.The Picture and the sound quality is worst than a VHS tape recorded in slow mode . I am surprised that Amazon is actually selling this junk.This is the worst DVD transfer I have ever seen.I have a VHS version of this movie and the VHS tape is muchbetter . Hope some reliable company will transfer this gem of a movie on a real high quality DVD , in the meantime save your money and watch your VHS tape . Do n't buy this DVD , it is really badquality .
 Do n't make the mistake i did by buying this copy of this classic ITALIAN movie.It 's a complete disaster with faded colors and grainy images.I ca n't beleive they put this one on the market.You 'll get to see the three sketches all right , but the transfer is simply amateurish and insulting.No subtitles , not even the original ITALIAN track , no gallery of photos etc.This is the worst dvd i ever bought.Luckily for others , a new version was released in 2005 which has the proper treatment.I just hope that VISCONTI 's last movie THE INNOCENT wo n't fall in this category when they released it someday.Let us pray for the preservation of LAURA ANTONELLI 's beauty .
 I love Sophia Loren as an actress however this DVD as 3 movies in one package is a very very very poor quality DVD . Colors are bad , picture is bad and the sound is even worse . do n't waste your money . My DVD copy was bought from Amazon.this is my advice
 One star is flattery for this awful dvd . The video was nothing more than a blur , the worst dvd quality I have ever seen . Thanks Amazon for the refund .
 This DVD is insultingly bad . You can only watch the movie dubbed in English . It 's 2008 , yet this manages to be worse than some of the DVDs I bought back in 1998 when I bought my first DVD player . I do n't need a 4 disc extravaganza for every movie , but at least give people the option of watching the movie in its original language . Find any other way to watch this movie that does n't involve this atrocious DVD .
 I ca n't believe Amazon allows the sale of such trash . This is clearly an illegal bootleg and it seems I 'm not the first to have found this out all too late . They should be getting fined for selling bootleg garbage such as this . That being said ; why ca n't I find a legit copy of this film anywhere ? It won an Oscar for gods sake , it should be easier to find than this .
 I saw this film once again on TCM and enjoyed it tremendously . I decided to go and purchase it , but unfortunately the only version that is currently available is a terrible transfer . The colors are faded , it 's full screen and not wide screen as the film was shot and it is dubbed instead of in Italian with subtitles . I find that this version is not worth purchasing . One should wait for a better version to be on the market .
 Films are good early Sophia but the DVD quality is terrible . Hesitation , washed-out color , unpredictable pauses and flashing color pixels make for poor viewing pleasure
 This DVD was so badly done , you will be wasting your time . BUT , if you want to see Sofia in her younger days , I guess you would be willing to purchase it . But be warned , the DVD quality is very bad .
 De Sica and Loren . Really three separate short films . Worth seeing but this version is not restored . The visual quality is terrible . I would n't recommend buying this DVD .
 I JUST RECIEVED THIS DVD TODAY FROM AMAZON , WAS QUITE DISAPPOINTED WITH SOPHIA LOREN DVD . FIRSTLY IT IS EXTREMELY POOR QUALITY , VISUALLY AND SOUND . ITS NOT WHAT I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE . I THOUGHT IT WAS AN AMERICAN MOVIE , AND ITS AN ITALIAN THREE SHORT FILMS WHICH SOPHIA LOREN STARRED IN . THOUGH SOPHIA IS AT HER COMICAL BEST , THE PICTURE QUALITY , NO SHARP TECHICOLOUR HERE , OR SOUND . THE FIRST FILM IS FUNNILY BUT YOU HAVE TO STRUGGLE TO UNDERSTAND WHAT THEIR SAYING . I HAVENT SEEN ANY OF HER FOREIGN MOVIES SHE MADE , UNLIKE HER AMERICAN PICTURES , WHICH ARE EXCELLENT QUALITY , AND PERFORMANCE . THIS DVD HAS DIFFERENTLY SHORT CHANGED SOPHIA LOREN . BIG WASTE OF MONEY.CANT GO WRONG WITH AMERICAN SOPHIA MOVIES , BUT BE CAREFUL WITH HER FOREIGN ONES .
 Not one original idea ! Which is the biggest shock , since this was written by David Webb Peoples , the on responsible for Blade Runner , 12 Monkies and Unforgiven . Here he is trying to cross the Sci-Fi genre with the Western genre and comes up with a boring knock off of every movie in those genres . And what should have made up in unorginal ideas in the script should have been the action scenes . But yet another surprise happens . These action scenes are no good , even boring . The surprise being that the movie was also directed by Paul Anderson , who directed the fun martial arts film Mortal Kombat , which was supported by it 's incredible martial arts scenes . Produced by Jerry Weintraub 's JW Productions , which also produced The Avengers , and like The Avengers , Soldier had everything going for it , and just collapsed by it 's lack of originality .
 Not one original idea ! Which is the biggest shock , since this was written by David Webb Peoples , the on responsible for Blade Runner , 12 Monkies and Unforgiven . Here he is trying to cross the Sci-Fi genre with the Western genre and comes up with a boring knock off of every movie in those genres . And what should have made up in unorginal ideas in the script should have been the action scenes . But yet another surprise happens . These action scenes are no good , even boring . The surprise being that the movie was also directed by Paul Anderson , who directed the fun martial arts film Mortal Kombat , which was supported by it 's incredible martial arts scenes . Produced by Jerry Weintraub 's JW Productions , which also produced The Avengers , and like The Avengers , Soldier had everything going for it , and just collapsed by it 's lack of originality .
 You know , if anyone has ever read any of my other reviews , you 'll realize that I 've got a horrible pet peeve about movies that have a lot of potential and flop miserably . I do n't think a movie has been made yet that exemplifies this more then Paul Anderson 's ` Soldier . ` This movie REALLY could have been mind-blowing had it not been held back by Anderson 's chronic lack of any imagination -LRB- see my other reviews of Paul Anderson 's work -RRB- . If this material was being molded by ANYBODY with any sense of vision or especially scope , this movie might have been as popular as the Matrix is now . ` Soldier ' was CRYING to be done on a grand scale . How cool would it have been to have seen a huge ` Saving Private Ryan ' meets ` Attack of the Clones ' - type battle scene ? Instead we get work that looks like it was done in a high school auditorium.Look at things like the horribly dull set designs -LRB- not bad per se , but just no creativity -RRB- , the poor lighting , the stereotyped lemming-civilian characters , and the clich&eacute;d villains . It 's awful how phoned-in this movie just seemed.The tragic part is that Kurt Russell was terrific in it and was just surrounded by people -LRB- actors and production crew alike -RRB- that just had no interest -LRB- or maybe ability -RRB- in trying to add flavor to the VAST RESOURCES they had at their disposal.I actually cringe when I think about just how cool this could have been compared to the body of work that everyone seemed content to turn in .
 I ca n't really bring myself to either like or dislike this movie entirely . Another entry in the `` future troopers '' genre , it uses science fiction to explore the notion of a fierce , unstoppable , but ultimately disposable form of combat soldier . Examples of this notion have ranged from the excellent -LRB- Blade Runner , Robocop and the Terminator -RRB- to the awful -LRB- Universal Soldiers -RRB- . This one 's okay.On first viewing , it reminds me of a larger-budget version of Enemy Mine , in which we get barely a glimpse of a war-torn future before the hero is dumped on a barely habitable planet , struggles for survival , and ends up in your basic action climax . Like Dennis Quaid and Louis Gossett , Jr. in that movie , Kurt Russell gives a performance better than his material deserves -- which is n't saying much , since a lot of Soldier plays like it was written for Stallone at the height of his Rambo misanthropy.The cast is generally good , particularly Russell 's finely understated performance -- his character 's lifelong conditioning has made him incapable of expressing emotion , or even speaking conversationally -LRB- he robotically addresses everyone but the enemy as `` sir '' -RRB- , yet he conveys enough in his body language to make more of his role than one might expect.Another reviewer called this a sequel to Blade Runner and compared Russell 's Sgt. Todd to BR 's Deckard . Without arguing too much , I 'd modify that by saying it 's more of a Blade Runner prequel -LRB- thematically , if not literally -RRB- . It 's essentially the backstory of Blade Runner 's Roy Batty , an enhanced combat soldier bred for offworld service but never regarded as truly human , who rebels against his shortsighted human masters and leads his followers to a prospective home on another world . Of course , Todd 's stoic efficiency bears little resemblance to Batty 's charismatic dark angel persona , but they 're flipsides of the same coin . -LRB- The fact that both films were written by the same screenwriter becomes clear long before the credits roll -- listen for the `` Tanhauser Gate '' reference . -RRB- Soldier is n't a great movie by any stretch . If anything , it has the feel of a script written back in the 80 's that had gathered dust on a shelf until someone felt like filming it . Take it on that level , and it 's watchable . Not great , but good enough to pass a little time .
 Soldier is one of those films that was just made to be poked fun at . Everything about this film is familiar . The plot is basically Escape From New York meets The Road Warrior . Russell and Busey deserve better than this . The action is a joke , and the acting is hilarious . Just watch this to laugh .
 The plot and content of the movie was very origional and different , and the director had a interesting way of showing scenes which was out of the ordinary . Kurt Russel says all of seemingly 2 or 3 words the whole movie `` yes sir '' and `` No sir '' . Wow , that really exictes me . Dont ask me why they thought that having Kurt Russel practically mute and socially completely retarded would make the movie more entertaining . I would have thought it would have been cool if he learned how to get along with everyone and actually start to speak at one point , but I was let down cause this never happened . The action in the film was exciting and different , but the movie ended and I was like `` Thats it ? '' Its a movie to rent , not to buy .
 Well , the previous reviewer , I categorically disagree with you
 I thought this film would be with the likes of Blade Runner or Starship Troopers -LRB- Which was n't that bad ! -RRB- . It was n't and I apologize to both Ridley Scott , Philip K. Dick -LRB- May he rest in peace -RRB- , and to Paul Verhoven for thinking that this gory trash could compare . The plot I never found . Kurt Russel shoots people , a lot of them . After the first scene , War of the Six Cities I believe , the gunplay got annoying and disturbing . Everything is just annilihated or gunned down in no interesting way . If they insisted on having all this pointless and depressing death and copying every better film , could n't they have recycled the eccentric death of Dr. No or Hugo Drax ? Have I said enough ? The violence got to me in twenty minutes . I 'm one of the many people who thinks that people are somewhat smarter than to kill people on the streets since they saw it at the movies . I popped the cassette out of the VCR and would 've burned it if I did n't need to return it . If I had the choice of watching this film again , I 'd chose to be one of the many people who are gunned down .
 We love this movie and it was listed as 1:77 in size . When we recieved it the size was 2:35 . This is call bait and switch . Shoppers don , t buy this movie unless you want to watch the movie with the heads cut off .
 A big disappointment for anyone but the most die hard Science Fiction and/or Kurt Russell fans . Take out the action & special effects and there is nothing left to see .
 If you ever saw that terrific B-movie , `` Cyborg '' with Jean-Claude van Damme , then you 've seen `` Soldier , '' one of the worst big-budget action movies ever made . Do n't blame Kurt Russell . Maybe in pre-production it looked like a winner . I finally got so tired of these long , LONG close-ups of that battered , empty face staring , staringing into the camera , I had to close my eyes . So maybe I missed a few things . What was really hysterical is that Russell took out a complete platoon of Universal style soldiers , all of them wearing bullet-laser-rocket-proof suits with just plain old guns . The poor children and woman did nothing but simper and look at him longinly . This is the movie that was turned down by first -LRB- 1 -RRB- Ahnald Sch . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Bruce Willis 3 . Jean-Claude Van Damme . Why , oh , why did Russell take it ? This is what Van Damme does in his sleep . Down to the corny , choreographed fight scenes with a villanous muscle-head . HOrrible in every way . Understand they chopped out the best scenes , reshot others and still came up with something that makes even that Greatest of All Bad Movies `` Armagaddon '' look like `` Lawrence of Arabia . ''
 Well after watching a wonderfully violent , strangely poetic ending I found myself liking this film alot more than I did the first hour into it . They try to make us like the main character who has no personality and they try to make us care for the community he falls into , but the film is so full of cliches and poor characterization that the first hour meanders and the ending though fun and exciting , a bit more hollow than I 'd like .
 If there 's only one reason that I 'm giving 1 star to this movie that 's because I could n't give it ' 0 ' star . When I went to see this film with a couple of friends I almost died laughing . The acting is terrible . Kurt 's character 's word repertoire does n't pass 10 words during all the movie . I 'm thinking that with my Commodore 64 I could have done better special effects when I was 6 years old . And I 'm still asking myself -LRB- and everyone who watches this movie -RRB- `` Why someone had to produce a film like that and why did Kurt accepted to play this movie ?
 Kurt speak not , no no . Brave man , though he say afraid . He save some people .
 Kurt was pulling a arnold job . I think he had about two lines of dialoge through out the intire movie . The story is pretty good.I 'm sorry I purchased it . Should have rented it first .
 Avoid this movie like you would encountering a dog foaming at the mouth
 After watching stuff that 's thrilling and full of details and lush tones like `` The Fifth Element '' or `` Star Wars , '' `` Soldier '' seems too dull . In fact , it 's also TOO boring . Never was I interested in what was happening in this film , I just wanted it to end . First , we have a cheap script by the writer of , can you believe it ? `` Blade Runner ! '' The story is badly crafted with some uninteresting characters or characters that we have already seen in previous films . Kurt Russell is basically wasted in this movie . All he does is stand around giving people pissed-off looks . He never even gets decent dialogue ! `` Soldier '' also desperately lacks imagination . All we get is a desert planet that 's just full of trash . Even the desert planet in the equally dull film , `` Stargate , '' was more interesting than the one in `` Soldier . '' And when there finally is action , it 's predictable and just plain boring . Paul Anderson should have added more , more to the sad scenery and poor screenplay . We are a culture that starves for new images like `` Dark City , '' not boring , unexciting material like `` Soldier . ''
 Well , except for Ed Woods movies . This movie was almost unwatchable . The acting was about as good as a high school play . The storyline was a diaster . This movie could have been so much more . Then there is Kurt Russel . What on earth was he thinking when he accepted this part . Reel Two Dialogue Two - Shoot , Soldier Grut . Shoot , Soldier Grut . Well , that about sums it up for this diaster . I waisted my $ 3.00 on this video . Thank goodness I did n't drop $ 7.00 dollars at the movies .
 I watched this film with some friends a few weeks ago , and it was memorable due to the fact that it was the first time we all had ever agreed on anything . We all agreed that we had just witnessed a truely terrible film . The laughable plot is cliched from beginning to end - we were able to guess major ` twists ' throughout the film without much difficulty . There is no depth to the story - the makers seems to have picked up the book ` How to make an action movie ' and made a film -LRB- complete with villian with twitchy moustache -RRB- that followed it to the letter . The film was just so bad in the end it left us whincing . If you do n't believe me , then buy the film and you 'll see what I mean . Kurt Russell has no shame .
 I 'm sorry but I feel the need to protect the general public from this movie . Bad story , Bad acting , Bad action . Just bad . Do n't waste your time .
 I ca n't believe anyone could enjoy this film , theres nothing there to enjoy . The storyline is virtually non-existent , the acting minimal , dialog ... . what dialog ? I think Russell must only say about 10 words total in the whole film.If you like pyrotechnics then you 'll like this film , otherwise avoid at all costs . Absolutely dire .
 The producers and directors should of known better that this film was going to be a flop long before the cameras started to roll . Kurt Russell in my mind the most underused & underappreciated actor in Hollywood Plays Todd , a loyal Army solider who after a lifetime of faithful service is replaced by a genatically superior effcient soilder Caine 607 Todd loses a fight to Caine 607 and is soon discarded by his surperiors and dumped on a waste disposal planet called Arcadia . And in time with the help of the locals he regains his strength and gets his rematch and kills Caine . With all the massive spectaular visual effects ca n`t save this film from repeating the same cliches other films in the genre have done , and baseically this type of subject has otfen been explored enough in UNIVERSAL SOLIDER 1 & 2 . Unessecary vilolence and preditabillty make this film unbearble to watch Russell with his own unique acting talent and ability can do so much better . This film is a waste of time .
 Down below you 'll see the commentery of my comerade Tevfik with whom we 've seen this movie together . He already talked about how funny it was to see a very bad movie.I consider this movie as the worst i 've ever seen in my life . The movie doesnt mean any thing and it doesnt have any good points . Some movies have good points and bad points , you can say the script was very bad but special fx saved the day . But it is not like this at Soldier . You can see better sepecial effects while playing Atari version of Moonpatrol.I generally like Russle 's acting but in that movie there was nothing to act i think Kurt was unnecessery for the movie a good crafted wood would do the trick.I hope they stop making that bad movies ... And i can not finish without prpmpting my best regards to Ed Wood . He was a great man . Thanks to him for inspiring the producers of that film .
 This movie was so bad , I regret even watching it on TV.Don ' t your money on a movie that is SO bad ! It 's one of Kurts trashy films -LRB- like escape from N.Y. -RRB- .
 My one criteria for a bad movie
 This has to be one of the worst sci-fi movies of all time and definitely the worst movie Kurt Russel has ever done . A total waste of time.The genetically-bred/robot soldier story has become so cliche and overdone that it would now take a lot more imagination for such a film to be good than what this trash has to offer . Kurt Russel does n't really act in this movie as he has an even smaller script than Schwarzenneger had in `` Terminator . '' In terms of quality , `` Escape From New York '' would really be Oscar material in light of this garbage.The story is utterly predictable and the action is weak . Terrible film . Do n't believe the great reviews for this movie and save yourselves both money and time .
 I 'll be brief . Mr. Russell 's lines total and words per line count in the single digits . If the screenwriter and director had developed the potential of the characters or the plot concepts introduced they might have had a movie here . Sadly , this one is only a shadow of what it could be .
 Good to keep on as background noise if you are working around the house . Although in retrospect , the radio would have been better.The only good thing about this movie is that Kurt Russell must have loved it because he had only about 2-3 lines in the whole movie , the rest of his on screen time was taken up by head nods , blank stares and of yes , more black stares . Did I say blank stares ? Do n't waste you time . There are a lot of good free movies on Amazon Prime ... . this just does n't happen to be one of them .
 The basic premise of this movie could be quite interesting - how does a man trained as a ` killing-machine ' integrate back into society . Yes , it 's been done before but still holds promise . The plot was adequate.The acting was believable - no complaints there . I particularly enjoyed Sean Pertwee as ` Mace ' . And Jason Isaacs has long been a favorite actor.But what ruined the movie for me was the science . I 'm not a fanatic - I have no problems with FTL travel or spaceships ` banking ' on turns or loud explosions in space in movies . And I realize that movies are not ` real ' . But I 've never seen more ` bad ' science in any one movie . My son and I watched this together and it turned into a contest seeing who could catch more bloopers.I could go on and on detailing the scientific and logic errors in this movie - but it would take me all night . It spoiled the whole movie for me .
 This is Kurt Russell 's worst movie . A good portion of special effects and action ca n't overcome a rather boring , predictable storyline . Even the minor characters have more lines than he does !
 I am a big fan of Kurt Russell but this movie sucks . And as Forrest Gump said , `` thats all I have to say about that . ''
 You know when you 're sitting around on a Saturday afternoon , and some pathetically terrible , 1980 's sci-fi movie comes on and it 's SO bad that you end up watching it all ? That 's exactly what happened to me with Soldier , but this movie was made in 1998 !! This is the kind of movie , acting , and directing that gives sci-fi a bad name outside a few franchises , and ensures we do n't get much in the way of original movies . Kurt Russell packs wide-eyed looks into the camera as a substitute for acting ; the director uses generic music and sudden and * dramatic * slow-motion shots to add ` feeling ' to the movie . The world is eternally dark and gloomy , only lit by the constant over-bright fires.Kurt Russell is too big a name for this movie , and none of the other parts are done any justice by the terrible acting.One of the worst movies I 've seen in a LONG time ! Ranks up there with Battlefield Earth and Lost in Space .
 If you are going to make a film in someone 's back yard , at least there should be some gripping dialog or novel character development . This film was horrendously bad , trotting out all the scifi and action movie clich&eacute;s , without adding anything to them . Russell 's macho posing ca n't hide the utter lack of thought that goes into his character . This movie was made on a shoestring to take advantage of people -LRB- like me -RRB- who are stupid enough to see anything that smacks of scifi and action . No more .
 Starring action hero Kurt Russell -LRB- Escape from New York -RRB- and directed by genre resident Paul Anderson -LRB- Mortal Kombat -RRB- , I expected `` Soldier '' to be a veritable action-powerhouse , yet the film goes beyond missing its mark and lacks any definitive direction - unsure if it wants to be a an action flick , a survival story , or a story of social critique . I 'm unsure which of these it eventually ends up being , but the one thing I 'm sure it 's not is a good time.The story
 Soldier has many things going for it which mainly include great special effects , set designs , and talented actors like Kurt Russell , Jason Scott Lee , and Sean Pertwee . What it does n't have is a good plot , script , execution , or even action for that matter . The fact is I could have taken the unoriginal plot if only the film maintained some form of excitement or tension.The film does start out promisingly enough with am montage of Sergeant Todd 's -LRB- Kurt Russell -RRB- life which involves grueling training and numerous wars -LRB- The batte scenes in the montage are fairly unintentionally humorous since when do soldiers just walk around and fire blindly -RRB- . Then comes the introduction of a new batch of supersoldiers that have come to replace Todd and his men . The action sequence that has Russell and two others fighting Jason Scott Lee on chains high above the ground is an good one . It 's too bad none of the other ones could measure up to that one . It 's just that I never have found Rambo-type action to be generally good . It 's never suspenseful to watch the hero take down all the badguys with a lot of ease.Soldier might actually have been better if it did n't take itself that seriously . As a matter of fact , if it had also tried to be humorous it would have been more enjoyable . In most movies , we tend to root for heroes because they 're charismatic and likeable . Russell 's Todd is somewhat likeable but there 's no charisma . Every single supporting actor that receives billing has more dialogue than he does . The whole supersoldier plot idea has been used to death and it 's done again poorly in this weak action film .
 Good Kurt Russell . Interesting conflict setup . This would make an excellent story if explored better , but there are inconsistencies in nearly everything . In retrospect I should have just watched `` Escape from New York '' again .
 Paul W.S. Anderson 's `` Soldier '' is a film with a fascinating premise . Unfortunately , that premise was never realized to its full potential . What could have been a gritty , science fiction equivalent of `` Shane '' is instead a derivative cinematic mess that is shockingly devoid of energy or conviction . Oh , what could have been.Sgt . Todd -LRB- Kurt Russell -RRB- is a legend in his own time but faces obsolescence when a new generation of genetically-enhanced super soldiers arrive on the scene . When Todd is forced to combat Sgt. Caine -LRB- Jason Scott Lee -RRB- , it becomes painfully apparent that he and his colleagues are inferior to their successors . Todd is left for dead on a junkyard planet but finds a new purpose for himself when he becomes the protector of the planet 's inhabitants . Forced into a showdown with the soldiers that replaced him , Todd stands his ground and proves to the military commanders overseeing the battle that new is not necessarily better than old . `` Soldier '' is an empty and hollow film which boasts some great visuals but little else . The film feels like a series of skits that were assembled with no transitions between them . Furthermore , the embattled populace that Todd protects is so thinly developed that we form no interest in their plight . When they come under fire , they strike the viewer as merely actors and actresses feigning panic . They do not come across as living , breathing cinematic characters who are being threatened by the situation at-hand . Thus , there is no vested emotional interest in seeing Todd save the day . Making matters worse is the wooden performance Lee delivers . The charismatic Jason Scott Lee from `` Dragon
 i did not really like this movie i like kurt russell but not in this movie u could tell that is was sooo totally fake .
 Same story line as In The Good Old Summertime movie . Jimmie Stewart and Margaret Sullivan are the best combination in this movie.Two employees of the same shop have a romance by letter writing through the mail , In the end they find out they are writing to each other . Cute , cute movie .
 BOUGHT FOR MY SISTER AT HER REQUEST . SHE LOVES ` YOU 'VE GOT MAIL ' AND THOUGHT SINCE IT WAS BASED ON THIS MUCH EARLIER VERSION THAT SHE WOULD LIKE IT . SHE WAS DISAPPOINTED , BUT YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE IN ` THEN AND NOW ' IN FILMS . WE ARE SPOILED TO CURRENT TECHNOLOGIES AND ACTORS .
 This was the original black and white movie starring Jimmy Stewart on which the Toom Hanks / Meg ryan movie `` You 've Got Mail '' was based -- that 's why we bought it . I thought it was just too old to be really interesting as so much of it was no longer plausible
 While this 2003 version is better color corrected and clearer than the full screen 1999 dvd release , it is just hacked off the top and bottom . -LRB- same studio too `` omega '' -RRB- Like so many hammer films , they take all the trouble to clean up the image , but then put black masking over it and sell it as `` wide screen '' . A big waste . All modern wide tv 's have a zoom feature that allows you to watch 4x3 video in 16x9 if you wish . The only way to see all the nice tidbits -LRB- especialy actress wardrobe malfunctions etc -RRB- is to view a full screen version . -LRB- dvd releases that are especialy bad about this are ; `` 1 million years bc '' with Raquel Welch , and `` Vampire lovers '' with Madeline Smith . 2 good releases are , `` embrace of the vampire '' -LRB- alyssa milano -RRB- and `` Two Moon Junction '' -LRB- sherilyn fenn -RRB- . They have both versions on the disk . Though like I said , black masking is worse than useless . The up shot is that there is still no good dvd release of this little gem of a movie . Too bad .
 Comparisons to David Lynch 's early work are merely superficial . This film is vacuous and vain . The ` weirdness ' is cloyingly affected and pretensious . It has no authenticity whatsoever , it is stylised , pastiche trash . See here , works of Quentin Tarantino . The visual style is nearly entirely lifted from Eraserhead . Which is perhaps how I managed to get to the end of it . It is , if nothing else , well shot and creatively depicts the otherwise bland and pointless plot.Something that I have not seen mentioned in any of the negative reviews , which appear to mostly come from philistine individuals who are all like ` Whoa , I do n't like how this lighting forces me to actually decode the aesthetic unlike all the red-block capitals American comedies in which the cinematography is so prosaicly literal that my sense of intellectual validity and entitlement to entertainment remains completely unchallenged ' , is the blatant misogyny of this film . Who knew that a planet inhabited entirely by women turn out to be simpering , coyly charming southern belles in stifling 19th century ballgowns bedecked in flowers , who volunteer to hand over the crown of their society to one nominated patriarch whom they deify , solely worship and pleasure for the tenure of his luxurious existence on their planet . And this is the whole object of their society . There is a character called ` The Boy who Actually Saw a Woman 's Breast ' -LRB- ` it was round , and soft . ' Just FYI . -RRB- who is employed to fuel the morale of an all-male planet of labourers , apparently with an infantile fixation on the alien idea of women and the abstract fascination of something called ` sex ' . The way women are regarded and portrayed in this film is totally juvenile . And not in the cool Lynch way where women are unknowable and terrifying objects of fascination motivated by inscrutable desires and logic , and the somewhat nuetered voyeur men who watch them are incapable of understanding or knowing them and are ultimately emasculated by their being relegated to the role of the eye which lacks agency . Just juvenile , immature and insulting to both men and women 's intelligence . I hope the director 's personal relationships are fraught with conflict because he giggles and blushes at the sight of his partner 's breasts . Or ca n't get a hard on unless his sense of his own masculinity is flattered by some submissive , ultra feminine fantasy of a woman.As to the humour of the film , it is not funny at all . The dialogue is very similar to the kind of super-blank delivery to be found in Tarantino and Wes Anderson film . In watching and listening to the painfully affected casualness of the pointless dialogue , I yawned , and felt like I had seen it all before.This film is fatuous , shallow and infuriating . In principle , I really like the idea . I like the visual style , even though it is a hackneyed pastiche . I like the idea of deliberately wooden , overdramatic acting such as can be -LRB- respectively -RRB- found in the films of David Lynch and early silent film , like Metropolis . I dont ' t mind that it is inconclusive . I love sci-fi , I think work can be flawed and still great . I can even handle sexism in film . But this film is a clanging vessel , it 's sole purpose to apparently promote the intelligence , taste and creative genius of star , director and writer Billy Nayer , who I suspect very much would like to be regarded as an auteur . I think Nayer is probably , like Tarantino , a film buff . This film is a testament to why good art is hard to make . You need to have a perfect balance of taste and skill . Taste alone is n't going to carry you if you 've got nothing to say . This film is like a playlist of the director 's taste in film . But it is skillessly executed . There is no moral or philosophical point being expounded , there is no story arc , there is no deep characterisation . See any of these , and just pick one , and do it really well , to the detriment of the other elements of the film and I will watch it , gladly.Having said this , it is not unwatchable . Maybe if you buy it and watch it , you will take some of the ideas and make another , better film . In fact , I implore you to . I will happily watch a film featuring badly animated little models of spaceships if you could just , please , write a good script that actually had some philosophical import . Nayer would do well to perhaps read some books . Or watch a Tarkovsky film . And Hedwig , for the purposes of gender ambiguity instruction . Or just stick to making his similarly unoriginal and uninspired but nonetheless superficially enjoyable music .
 Sorry guys , the emperor is naked . I ca n't imagine why anyone would give this 5 stars , unless they were stoned or drunk while watching it -LRB- and even then it would still stink -RRB- . Imagine , if you will , a shot of a man walking from his spaceship to a bar . He appears as a tiny figure trudging across the screen , and this goes on for about a minute . Exciting ? Then this film is for you ! Imagine a science fiction film which looks like it was filmed in Kansas , which such exciting locales as a rundown wooden barn floating in space , or a wooden bar on an asteroid -LRB- the oxygen leakage must be terrific -RRB- . Imagine the villain killing everyone in site , turning them into piles of dirt , which he then rolls in for about five minutes . I was afraid he was going to copulate with it ; thank whatever gods there may be that he did n't . This stinker has about 15 minutes of actual plot and dialog stretched into an eternity of pain . It 's pretty sad when you find yourself wishing you were watching something much better , like `` Plan 9 from Outer Space '' or `` The Creeping Terror . '' The only redeeming part of the film was the music , which was unique in a good way . Hard to classify , but just buy the CD and spare yourself the misery of actually watching this film . It 's not funny , it 's not a spoof , it 's not an homage , it 's a pile of fetid dingo 's kidneys . Run away , run away !
 Beware of customer reviews that may be written by the people trying to sell this abysmal film . The films real dirty secret is the total lack of any talent , imagination , or humor in this leaden and boring effort . The picture quality was passable . I 've had better times during visits to my dentist .
 The title doesnt even begin to explain how awful this movie is , it is just that bad . It really makes little to no sense at any point , and many people have said it was good because it was weird , I merely found it to be boring and painful to watch . It moved at a slow pace and was filled with meaningless drivel . Do n't waste your time on it .
 But hey , they made a movie . If you go through the process , you deserve a couple of stars . Nice black and white .
 The worst movie I 've seen in a long time . The acting , dialog , story was moronic . The music would be tolerable if the singing was n't so bad . The people giving it high marks must have worked on the set .
 This is a fabulous film but it is Public Domain and by the Asian writing on the cover I 'll assume it is one of many poor quality DVD transfers . Unfortunately it is not out in anything significantly better but this price is absurd as you can get it for $ 5 at any Asian Mall . Watch the film if you can but pass on this DVD .
 If I had a choice , I would give this DVD 0 stars out of 5 . Waterloo Bridge is one of my favorite movies of all time . When I saw it available on DVD a couple of weeks ago , I bought it immediately through blingshih at Amazon . I was very disappointed when I received it and watched it . First of all , the subtitles are missing throughout part of the movie and has hundreds of spelling and grammatical errors.But the thing that got me the most mad was that the most important part of the movie was edited out -- the scene that gives the movie its name . In the very end , Myra -LRB- Vivien Leigh -RRB- commits suicide by jumping in front of military trucks . Her fiance , Roy -LRB- Robert Taylor -RRB- , was on one of the trucks . He held her while she was dying and he found her lucky charm and kept it with him for the rest of his life . This scene was glaringly gone in the DVD . The editing in this movie clearly gets an F.I sincerely hope that a decent DVD release of this classic love story comes out soon . This release slashes up a beautiful movie into small fragments . Take my advice and do n't buy it .
 Waterloo Bridge was a major dissapointment to me . Vivien Leigh was desperate to change her Scarlett O'Hara personae that she deliberately underplayed her role of the tragic young ballerina who because of the war -LRB- World War II -RRB- becomes a prostitute . There 's no sparkle between her and Robert Taylor . She goes through the motions of being in love with him but it 's always forced . She had begun displaying signs of her mental disorders even while GWTW was shooting -LRB- especially during the death of Bonnie Blue Butler , the death of mother -RRB- and this may have contributed to her irritatingly `` girlish '' portrayal of passionate love . Vivien was also forced to make this movie , on loan-out for David Selznick . She was back in great form with her beloved Lawrence Olivier in `` That Hamilton Woman . '' After that , just a sporadic movie through the years that were increasingly anemic -LRB- except for Streetcar Named Desire and The Roman spring of MRs. Stone -RRB- . What a terrible waste . Same thing happened to Bette Davis after All About Eve . She had to wait ten years for `` Baby Jane '' and after that , the movies got worse and worse . Poor Viv and Bette ! We hardly knew ye .
 This is indeed a lovely story and beautiful interpretation ... but simply lacks the `` pizzazz '' and `` sizzle '' necessary to capture the attention of today 's electronically charged child ... too slow moving ... such is our digital , electronic world . We need to slow it down , but `` The Nightingale '' is not a part of the solution . The translation of this story from the book to the screen , in this case , does not work as the pages are too similar in artistic content and graphics , they do not add to the story , unfortunately . Glenn Close 's narration is soft and soothing , but ultimately becomes `` just words '' as the pace , tempo is too languid.One classroom teacher 's opinion only , take it for what it is ... or is not !!
 Format
 I was amazed by some of the camerawork in this film , enjoyed the inclusion of nudity and sensuality , and was awed by the forceful -LRB- propaganda ? -RRB- images of manual laborers towards the end . The story is simple , but involving . If the film quality were good , I would give this film four or five stars . But I must warn you that while quite a few films this old have survived the ravages of time , or have been restored in one way or another , this film is in absolutely dreadful condition . The soundtrack hisses and rattles -LRB- deranging the music , since there is practically no dialogue -RRB- , and the celluoid is thoroughly scratched , not to mention split asunder by occasional `` thunderbolts . '' Perhaps it would have been too expensive to attempt a complete restoration of this particular film , but for the high price of the DVD , you 'd expect some attempt to correct at least some of the damage . -LRB- Note
 This film is famous because of the nudity and blatant sexuality it entails . Not only does it show a naked woman running after her horse that has escaped , it is a long scene , and one that has a close-up from the chest up . This would be incredibly shocking for a film of the 1950s , let alone a film from the 1930s . Secondly , when the woman goes to her lover , the scene does not stop when the two kiss . In fact , it closes in on the woman 's face as she thrives in ecstasy , suggesting an orgasm.Hedy Lamarr is certainly beautiful and it is interesting to see her in this film because her look is dramatically different than that in her American films . Her transformation is akin to Joan Crawford 's from the 1920s to the 1930s . The film quality of Ecstacy is horrible , although not as bad as some . The print is covered in artifacts but the quality of the lighting still shines through . The silences are deafening , truly . They drown out the music score in the background and what little dialogue there is.As an American watching this movie as a foreign film and as a fan of silent films , I was pleasantly surprised that most of the movie has no dialogue . I was not distracted by subtitles -LRB- often difficult to read in bad prints -RRB- throughout the film , much to it 's merit.The part of this movie that kills the film is the ending . When the woman could easily stay with her new lover , her guilt forces her to leave him . Then , the man is shown at work seemingly happy and either dreaming about his lover and their baby or living it . Whether or not this really happened or not is unclear because the emotions in the scene do not transition well . Sadly , it is the end of the film so it is not cleared up for the viewer .
 A thing of beauty is a joy forever . Hedy Lamarr had a body which was absolutely beautiful.One scene in Ecstasy showed her beauty , with full frontal nudity , at the young age of 18 . It was included in this movie for all the world to see , and appreciate , forever . However , when I puchased this DVD , that particular scene was not included . Some idiot editor deleted that scene.So , now , thanks to some idiot editor at Amazon , that thing of beauty is lost - forever !
 I 've purchased -LRB- and watched -RRB- several of the Hicks DVDs . So far , for the most part , I 'd enjoyed them . The first one I got I found very insightful and uplifting . The next few , somewhat of a repeat of the first one , but still a few new parts . This one started off the same as the others -LRB- the introduction on each of their DVDs are almost identical , so the first 45 minutes is a review of what you 've already heard before if you get more than one . -RRB- At the point that I got this DVD , I 'd also gotten a book by the Hicks as well -LRB- Money and the Law of Attraction -RRB- as I 'm an avid reader . I started in on the book , but within the preface , Jerry writes something that just did n't sit well with me , so I put it aside to read later when I feel more in vibration with it . I then opted to watch this DVD , only to have the same premise of what bothered me about the book to be within the video ! -LRB- Call it ironic , or whatever you 'd like , but something was wanting me to hear this message and I took the hint . -RRB- I will say at this point , that everyone has their own opinion , so my views are not necessarily going to be the same as yours , but I felt compelled to write my views here , not in an attempt to get you to not purchase this DVD , or any other of the Hicks books or DVDs , but just to voice my observations and disapproval of what is being generated within this video.First I will say that I first discovered Esther and Jerry Hicks , and thus Abraham , after I 'd watched the movie the Secret -LRB- the new extended version , not the one that the Hicks were in . I was searching on Amazon for other works by Rhonda Byrne , and came across a DVD by the Hicks . I figured something about it caught my attention , so I got it . So , if it was n't for the Secret , I would have never found the Hicks and their message . That being said , I 'll voice now what rubbed me wrong about this DVD and the book I mentioned above.In both cases , the Hicks put out a very negative vibe expressing their opposition to Rhonda Byrne and the Secret . It is n't just mentioned , but both vaguely jabbed at , and in the video deliberately jabbed at , to the point that Abraham states Esther had strong anger and feelings of revenge regarding Ms. Byrne and her movie ! They proceed to state that the Secret fails to tell you what the Secret really is , which is NOT the case . The Secret is the Law of Attraction and the movie clearly states that within it . Esther -LRB- Abraham -RRB- voices hostility -LRB- as does Jerry in the Book -RRB- basically stating , and otherwise insinuating , that Ms. Byrne asked them to do her movie , then took their students , dropped them , and ran with their idea for her own gain all in the process of leaving the true message behind . Again , this is totally not the case , and was quite bothersome to see one set of the teachers of this wonderful message to be so swept up by their own personal feeling of competition and negativity that they do n't even realize that they are using the outlet of truth of the Law of Attraction as a means of voicing the complete opposite.Mr . Hicks got the Law of Attraction from Napoleon Hill and his book written in the 30 's . He then got the idea of Abraham from a book titled Seth Says by Jane Roberts where Jane is visited by a spirit of Seth that shares the divine message with the world . -LRB- The whole premise of Abraham speaking through Esther comes from this book . -RRB- Ms. Byrne got the Law of Attraction from Wallace Wattles and his book written in 1910 , so her introduction to the process was not the Hicks family , nor is it something they created or own . The point being , the Law of Attraction does not belong to the Hicks family , so to put claim to it and be angry when someone else benefits from the teaching and expands on it , defeats the whole purpose of it . If it was n't for Ms. Byrne , I would n't have even known that the Hick 's existed , and yet instead of them realizing that Ms. Byrne 's words have brought them more followers -LRB- and thus sales and profit -RRB- they take the negative approach -LRB- directly and through indirect jabs and under the guise of teaching a lesson -RRB- which has now thus cost them followers and in turn profits and sales.Their negativity towards , instead of gratitude for , Rhonda Byrne has insured that I will no longer buy another one of their books or DVDs . I ca n't help but think of the quote of `` Beware of False Profits '' which is quite funny since I 'm not a follower of the Christian beliefs , but it seems to fit here , and I figure that was the message I was supposed to get from this , which was why I got both the book and this DVD at the same time . You must question how much you can learn from a couple that claim to have the source speak through them and the message is of positive vibration yet they themselves are full of negative vibration and spite that they pour over their followers in an attempt to plant the seed of negative vibrational views regarding the Secret and Ms. Byrne . Whether they are doing it consciously or subconsciously , it 's there and they are doing it.Always trust your instincts . They will never serve you wrong.Blessed BE !
 The main selling point of this DVD is that it stars Mel Gibson . This has to be one of Gibson 's very first films - even before the ROAD WARRIOR movies . The shot of Gibson that is on the cover is dated much later than the young , skinny actor who appears in this movie . Also , Gibson only has a supporting role in the film . To surmise that he 's the leading actor would be incorrect.Not a whole lot happens with the plot , so they seemingly stretch just about every scene out to make it `` feature length . '' They also throw in a lot of scenes apparently at random without any thought to story cohesion.Of course , the film is also about as low budget as low-budget movies get . I swear at times I thought I was watching a film made by a bunch of high schoolers . The picture quality is pretty rough - even by 1970s standards.The only people who just might like to pick up this DVD are die-hard Gibson fans . There are those who might enjoy seeing him in a movie filmed in his native Australia where he still has his thick native accent . So , with that in mind , there are perhaps some who might find some nostalgia in buying this one.If Gibson had not starred in this movie , I very much doubt it would have ever made it to DVD in the 1st place . This is an obscure movie , and clearly there is a REASON it 's obscure
 The plot of the story was , i admit , enticing and well thought out . However , the film quality is horrible . Mel Gibson himself stated that he wished the film never saw daylight . It 's a cheap flick you can find in bargain bins for a buck fifty , i know , thats where i got mine . The only reason it 's part of my collection is because im a die hard and dedicated mel fan ... thats it . You ca n't get through the entire movie without turning it off ... the sound is horrible , and the picture is very unclear . Very low grade flick .
 Dick Donner 's directorial debut is about as far from auspicious as you want to get and is no way evocative of the successes he would enjoy in later years with the likes of Superman and the Lethal Weapon series . This maudlin , mysoginist , cliche-ridden old-school melodrama is further marred by aspect ratio problems that have been explained sufficiently by other reviewers , so I wo n't get into that here -- but what adds insult to injury is MGM DVD 's hack mastering job . The studio did n't even bother to optimize the film for 16.9 televisions , which partially would have allowed viewers with 1.33 TVs to compensate for the aspect ratio problem by making an adjustment in their DVD player 's display settings . Furthermore , with today 's digital technology it would have been easy enough to correct the aspect ratio problem in a post house by either adjusting the stock footage to 2.35:1 by zooming in on it , or remastering the whole film at 16.9 by slicing off the edges of the footage that Donner shot . I would have preferred the latter approach as it would have sacrificed very little in terms of picture fidelity , and if this were a worthwhile film , I 'd rip the DVD to my hard drive and do the scaling myself in Adobe AfterEffects . But , alas , I have a life and will leave this pursuit to only the most die-hard purists out there . Bottom line , MGM need to get a clue in regards to consistently formatting their legacy releases to 16.9 , a practice they have yet to adapt . All they need to do is walk into any Good Guys store and notice that the vast majority of large TVs now take advantage of the wider aspect ratio .
 Half plane , half rocket , the North American X-15 took test pilots to the edge of space for the first time , bridging the gap between air and space flight . This movie showcases the efforts of NASA and the X-15 group to get the experimental rocketplane in the air.Fans of the X-15 will be in heaven , as they are treated to a ton of footage of the X-15 in testing , accidents , and actual flight . But sadly , for the rest of us , the movie is a gigantic bore . The X-15 itself is the star of the movie , the humans being incidental , more or less cardboard cut-outs . The narration of Jimmy Stewart to limited to the opening and closing of the picture , while Mary Tyler Moore and the other officers ' wives inexplicably vanish from the last quarter of the picture . Charles Bronson and the other leads are really pretty good , but despite their best efforts , it 's really hard to care about them or the success of their plane.The film is strangely lacking in real emotional content . What emotion there is is contrived and has a forced , `` by-the-numbers '' quality . Without any real human drama , it almost feels as if the movie had been put together by a computer.As for the actual X-15 footage , it 's hard even to get into that because almost all of the flight scenes are `` stretched '' to fit the widescreen format . As a result , all of the jets are twice as long and half as tall as they ought to look . Frankly , it 's distracting , and so maybe the director should have opted for a smaller aspect ratio during filming so that the other footage would better match the X-15 footage.Basically , a toy model of a rocket would soar higher than this picture does ... and that 's without lighting the engines !
 I had to go it alone in 1961 to see the grand opening of the X-15 story at the old ASCOT Theater in the Bronx . All of my friends , amateur rocket buddies and charter members of the New York Rocket Society would not go to see this then promising film and somehow had the intelligence to tell me not to waste my time . They were all eggheads and must have read some bad reviews in the NY Times.It was indeed a very bad movie about a great aircraft . Nevertheless , I enjoyed the film even though the discussed wide screen problems hampered my viewing . It was the first full length movie to be released about the beginnings of the real space program and I was thrilled to see it . With the possible exception of ON THE THRESHOLD OF SPACE , an early film which documented the U.S. Air Force MAN-HIGH balloon project , the X-15 story is almost in a class by itself . It was a film about a rocket research project , and the featured characters were almost incidental.In order to appreciate my excitement about seeing this film you must understand that the X-15 had been spoken about since about 1957 when I was 11 years old . My first glimpse of the X-15 was in released Air Force photos that showed it covered by a large canvas which cloaked the exact shape of the rocket . This only permitted a tantalizing first impression of the shape of the X-15 and really helped capture my imagination . I was a fan of this vehicle from that day forward , if such a thing can be said.The film story was about a rocket powered extreme altitude aircraft , and nothing in the movie except the actual Air Force footage of the X-15 was worth looking at . The X-15 went on to achieve a maximum altitude record of 67 miles and a velocity record of 6.7 times the speed of sound . Although function determined much of its form , the X-15 was also one of the most beautiful rocketplanes ever designed , and resembles the SR-71 in profile.The X-15 demonstrated the use of reaction attitude control jets , the application of Inconel X high temperature alloy , early Air Force pressure suit technology , a powerful and fully throttleable rocket engine , and did much of the pioneering research that made the space shuttle possible in later years . Although it is seldom mentioned , the X-15 was one of the most successful research programs of the U.S. Air Force and NASA.According to what I have read it only failed to better its performance to Mach 8 as was hoped for and attempted . However , it did outperform most of its original specifications . It also gave many of us something important to be proud of during the early days when America appeared to be falling behind the Russians in space flight capability .
 `` dhoggan '' is right on the money . This is the lazy way to release an old film . Nothing could have been easier than to have re-worked this film in a full-frame version with the NASA footage sections returned to their original dimensions , which are naturally full-frame . You 'd think it would have been a breeze with the available technology and software . Instead of being able to advertise a newly restored version that 's better than the original theatrical release ever was , they end up with a DVD that 's getting pathetic reviews and which is n't likely to sell . Sales from the corrected version would surely have offset the cost of the easy re-working of the film . The problem here lies with whoever is responsible for marketing this stuff . Come on MGM - you 're supposed to be better than this . How about actually THINKING first .
 As an aviation enthusiast , and particularly the X-15 , I eagerly awaited the DVD to come out . I went over it in less than 2 minutes . The important scenes , the NASA footage , are so badly stretched beyond recognition , that I will keep my VHS copy from TV broadcast as my main copy , at least the plane sequences were ok there . Terribly disappointing.Will have to wait until spacecraft-films will release their documentary on the X-15 -LRB- announced since last year -RRB- . Shame on you , MGM !
 Being an aviation enthusiast , I welcome any DVD release pertaining to aviation . `` X-15 '' is no exception , even though this picture leaves much to be desired . I am especially critical of the official US Air Force photography of the X-15 , the B-52 , and the F-100 and F-104 chase plane sequences . Originally shot in the `` flat '' format , then viewed with an anamorphic `` scope '' lens , the images are stretched , so that these sequences are very distracting . I saw this film in the theater , and it was equally distracting there . With a now very sucessful director like Richard Donner and a studio like MGM , you would have thought the DVD release could have been corrected . A true disappointment !
 As others have said , the archival NASA footage that makes up much of the film is s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d to fit the Panavision format , resulting in grotesquely distorted aircraft and people . And unfortunately , the film was n't very good to begin with . My advice
 I wo n't add to all the complaints / explanations about the stretched out footage . Shame on MGM for not fixing this . I have a VHS copy I recorded off of TNT nearly 20 years ago - I 'll just watch that version until somebody decides to fix something.Sadly , the actual aerial footage , now stretched like taffy , is the main selling point of the movie and the best reason for watching this `` semi-documentary '' -LRB- only the names and all the historical facts have been changed to protect the innocent -RRB- . The subplot about the test pilots and the women who love them is laughable . Mary Tyler Moore looks like she just walked off the set of `` Dick Van Dyke '' - she even dresses the same , even though you never saw Dick shove her down on the sofa , fall on top of her and start kissing her , as in this movie , when she tries to renew her engagement to one of the pilots -LRB- Guess Dick did n't have the `` Right Stuff '' -RRB- . I think the son of one of the pilots is the same kid who played `` Chip '' in `` My Three Sons '' , but I 'm not sure.One of the pilots , whose wife has had several miscarriages , is told by a USAF psychiatrist that his wife is subconciously auto-aborting the fetuses because she does n't think he 's going to live long . Someone should have told her that the cigarettes and booze that everyone inhales would be much more hazardous to their health than an X-15 ! None of this matters , of course , because the film abruptly ends during the last mission without any resolution to all these `` personal '' problems . You can guess from the beginning that at least one of these guys is going to get killed - but I wo n't spoil the plot by saying who.A fun movie just for all the silver jets and yellow sand of Edwards AFB -LRB- at least shown in correct aspect ratio on the ground -RRB- . Watch it on VHS and fast-forward through all the `` mushy '' stuff !
 The DVD is formatted for a 2.35:1 screen . It looks like most conventional TV 's are 4.33:1 , so ... . what does this mean ? My 4.33 TV stretches this movie out the picture twice what it was meant for . The images are squished looking . The B-52 in this looks like a flying Queen Mary . Make sure your TV/DVD player accepts 2.35:1 ratios or you will be very frustrated watching this .
 What a piece of garbage ... Amazon should immediately refund everyone 's money and then bring legal action againest whomever is resposible for this abomination of a DVD . Did no one attempt to watch this prior to it 's release ? Probably did and were promptly bored to death ... Lynn Stubblefield , Nashville , TN ... btw , one star because there is no way to leave them all blank ...
 On a budget that makes Blair Witch seem like a Hollywood blockbuster , with production values that would be shamed by your child 's high school play , with actors designed to make Arnie seem like Lawrence Olivier , with a director whose only experience was apparently shooting his kid 's birthday parties , with a writer who does n't know he writes comedy , here is a movie you can laugh at , not with . It fascinates like a train wreck and speaking of children , watching our governator get his start makes you feel proud . It also makes you feel that no matter what you have done , you can still be a success . I read that the guv donated a couple million of his 30 for T3 back to help finance the special effects . If he has any pride he will do the same to re-do this one . I think it was all done for about $ 29.95 .
 THis has got to be the biggest waste of resources to produce this DVD . I do n't care if they restored the Arnold soundtrack , it did n't help . This has to be one of the worst movies ever made . The only thing worth it is if you want to see Arnold 10 years before his career really took off .
 HERCULES IN NEW YORK -LRB- USA - 1969 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 THIS HAS TO BE THE WORST MOVIE I EVER SAW . THE ONLY LAUGHTER WAS AT MYSELF FOR ACTUALLY SITTING THROUGH THE WHOLE THING . ITS SAVING GRACE WAS DUE TO ARNOLD STANG . HE 'S AN AWESOME ACTOR AND EVEN HIS PART WAS KORNY . HOW COULD THEY EVER HAVE MADE THIS MOVIE IN THE FIRST PLACE?Hercules in New YorkIF YOU ARE CRAZY ENOUGH TO BUY IT PLEASE PLAN TO GIVE IT AS A GAG GIFT . IT 'S NOT FOR PRESERVING .
 with voice by someone other than arnold this movie falls into the realm of the if he were n't famous this one would never see the light of day . really the worst . skip it !
 Arnold Schwarzenegger 's worst film , obviously this one , is so lame - even for 1970 ! He voice is dubbed for Gosh sakes !!!!! I fell asleep in this film , as will everyone else who watches it ! HERCULES IN NEW YORK -LRB- 1970 -RRB- Rated
 I could n't believe my eyes when I saw this film . ... Not only did it look -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- , but the acting , my God the acting ! I am usually a fan of Arnie 's films -LRB- other than Batman & Robin -RRB- but I could n't stand hearing that voice of his , well actually it was n't his voice . Just a campy dubbed version of what a muscular guy would sound like . I guess I could give Arnie a break , after all it was only his first film . If you have n't seen this film yet , I strongly recommend it just for a laugh .
 I love Arnie , but I just could n't finish this movie . Thank God he 's like fine wine and improved with age . I have all his movies , so I guess as far as collection value goes , I 'll have to keep it , and maybe someday I 'll even finish watching it !
 This is Arnolds fakiest film . I mean , a demigod ? I ca n't believe this at all ... fakiest film . Yes Arnold is in peak condition in this film , but his other films are simply a little easier to swallow ... come on Arnold , no one talks back to Zeus !
 See Arnold Schwarzenegger as the mythological Hercules ! Toga clad andripped to Mr. Universe proportions , Hercules is bored with life on Mount Olympus and declares his desire to live among earthly mortals angering Zeus , his Father .
 I realize that there has been an increase of interest in Arnold movies ever since he became Governor of California , however if you want to see an Arnold movie go see `` Kindergarden Cop '' or `` Twins '' -LRB- which even both of those movies are n't that good -RRB- . It 's no wonder this movie never did well at the box office . The storyline and the acting was extremely bad and very cheezy . It should be considered a spoof , rather than an actual movie . I would not see this movie , but if you must see it , do yourself a favor and rent it first .
 have a hard time watching it.play and skip all the time . better off watching it on netflix with my current subscription
 I think it 's possibly the worst movie I 've ever seen ... If you want to see poor acting , this is YOUR movie .
 The dual billing of Arnold Stang and Arnold `` Strong '' is the first hint to this film 's cult legacy . Old-timey comedian Arnold Stang and the future gubernator team up in this hammy and cheesy fish-out-of-the-Mediterranean film from 1969 . Most of the supporting cast is made of petrified wood , though veteran actor James Karen was somehow enticed into this Z-grade effort . Horrible production values approach the night-as-day scenes inImpulse , including car horns evident on Mount Olympus.It would be eight more years before Schwarzenegger made a proper introduction to audiences inPumping Iron , and I suppose there is a certain charm in seeing the big guy for the first time . But Hercules in New York would really only be worth watching with snarky commentary . The only reason I did n't rate it one-star is because of the laugh factor . But the laugh factor is n't high enough . The pity factor , on the other hand , is off the charts .
 14 years before he was The Terminator , and 12 before he was Conan , Austria 's biggest import Arnold Schwarzenegger made his debut on the big screen as Hercules in `` Hercules in New York '' . This film happens to turn out to be very awful because of its highly noticeable flaws , yet these flaws happen to make this one of the greatest in unintentional comedy.Arnold 's role as Hercules is hilarious at best . When listening to him speak in the non-dubbed version -LRB- I 'll get to that in a bit ! -RRB- , his Austrian accent is so thick that it 's hard to make out a good portion of the words he 's saying . Keep in mind that this was filmed almost right when he got off the boat , and because of his accent , the audio was originally dubbed over , with the only audible sounds coming from the actors in the dubbed release . If you want sound effects , you have to watch the version with the original audio.When it comes to the acting , well , I 'll say that Hercules may be stronger than your average tree , but he sure is a lot more wooden . Arnold makes the same facial impression in almost every scene , and of course , he 'll show off his abs because he did n't get the title of Mr. Universe for nothing . Then there 's Top Cat , I mean , the late Arnold Stang , who just had to have phoned his performance in . As for the rest of the actors , they probably managed to take some people off the streets of New York and bribed them to act like 2 by 4 's throughout the film.Other crazy , noteworthy things to know about this film is that in `` Mt. Olympus '' -LRB- I use that loosely -RRB- , they manage to have the traffic as bad as they have it in New York City . The sound effects in general sound cartoonish , whether it 's a fight or whatever else happens to take place in the city that never sleeps . Speaking of fights , I saved the best part for last
 Since the time he began his animated career with Warner Brothers , Porky Pig remains as one of Hollywood 's dynamic cartoon stars . However , since Warner Brothers expanded , Porky seemed to fizzle down.The 1985 video , Porky Pig 's Screwball Comedies , is the very first Warner Brothers endorsed collection that has reflected the swinely one . The cartoons range heavily throughout the 1940 's , and nothing beyond that point . The cartoons are strong , but there were two problems with the collection . The first problem was the compression . Many of the cartoons were reflected with compressing the audio and video down in full bloom , with a higher pitch and tone , than the actual cartoons itself . The other problem , showcased one cartoon without Porky Pig himself , Mouse Wreckers . Throughout the entire Warner Brothers Golden Jubilee 24 Karat Collection , many of the videos reflected one cartoon on each tape , without the main character that was reflected . This was that very first tape.While Warner Brothers has n't released a decent collection featuring Porky Pig since 1992 , the cartoons that are reflecting the swined one still show promise . That should not be all , folks !!
 This is realy the must stupidest Pokemon video ! It is realy not worth enything -LRB- and specialy not your money !! -RRB- Ash and Pikachu used 2 b realy cute together , but now they stink ! The only thing I like about Poke ` mon is my cool friend ... she likes Pokemon butnot this video ... enjoy it !
 venonat . venomoth . golbat voltorb . ash earns his soul badge and in the safari zone they meet 2 pokemon kangaskahan and drateni -LRB- not on video -RRB- but the drateni almost gets stolen by team roket but EVOLVES INTO DRAGONAIR . then in the lahamery pokemon ranch ash rides ponyta but EVOLVES INTO RAPIDASH . . FOLOWED BY PIKACHU PARTY .
 Wandering the Viridian Forest , pur heroes meet up with a mysterious young Samurai .
 This is probably the worst film I EVER SAW . I always try to see the best in every film , BUT THIS ... The film do n't have any plot , just a confused priest walking around in indian country , and if that 's not enough there 's also a indian dwarf stumbling around . The whole vhs is silly , stupid action scences , bad actors and all in all non wachable . I really wonder why on the front of the vhs it is said `` packs twice the punch of dances with wolves '' . That 's maybe the stupiest thing i EVER have heard . Twice the punch my *** . If you like indian kinds of films you should go for something like Geronimo , The Last Of The Mohicans , Dances With Wolves , Apocalypto , Into The West , The Missing etc.etc Just do n't go buying this dvd/vhs , Its not worth a penny .
 at school last week we watched this movie , history class . It was exteamly borning . I learned noting and only was disgusted RENT THIS FIRST , PO
 Please . If you love this movie wait for an official U.S. release . What should be BREATH TAKING visuals are rendered merely impressive by a low quality transfer . 2.0 audio track is uninspiring . no chapter or scene selections . At least they did n't cut the film length ...
 Having watched this film several times over the years , I am still forced to come to the conclusion that as beautifully filmed and musically scored BLACK ROBE is , it still is not the absorbing film that perhaps it could have been . Long treks up and down rivers and over mountainous terrain and dense forest with little dialogue is not compelling enough for me to rate this film higher than 2 stars . Historically , it is not accurate in regards to the tribal customs of the Iroquois people.Lothaire Bluteau as `` Black Robe '' is a far more effective actor when left to speak French in his other film credits . He seems unsettled and unemotional in his English speaking roles.Bluteau is far more effective in JESUS de MONTREAL.I enjoy historical drama and actually prefer a well developed story that might move slowly ; but BLACK ROBE still fails to inspire me in any way , other than looking at the mountains of Canada to Georges Delerue 's music !
 Although this may come as a big shock to those of us who by now are so used to watching `` reality '' shows -LRB- as they seem to be the new attraction -RRB- , a good film need not be so graphic and crammed in with disturbing and disgusting scenes to faithfully portrary the essence of events that took place in history . Those `` things '' rather can be simply inferred by a minimal application of reason and common sense . As far as the `` faith '' of the Jesuit priest in the film , it is at best a laughable caricature of the true heroics , sanctity , and wisdom of the Jesuit missionaries who IN REALITY manned the mission territories . No doubt , the simplistic and conflicted character portrayed in the film exists to only validate the worldly , humanistic spirit of this present age which can never be reconciled with what the Catholic Faith teaches . One mocks and ridicules in a state of shame what one can not live up to .
 Interesting movie , little short on the story line , some of the actors were not as believable as they could have been -LRB- the native americans -RRB- , the romantic scenes were over emphasized , ... I love the period in history , is the only reason I remotely like the movie .
 I am unable to really review this video . The sound track is trashed . Beware of buying video 's from zshops .
 This story is very graphic and bloody ! I can not watch it ! But then again I think it is a guy movie .
 It was a very odd movie , will not watch again it was that weird . I had to watch it for a history class i was taking . really weird .
 This movie has a scene of a young girl being blackmailed and raped . It 's disgraceful and hateful . Totally unchivalrous . Disgusting . Do n't watch this movie if you want to sleep well at night , or if you have a conscience .
 To begin with , I think this film is a true cineastic masterpiece . From its hauntingly beautiful score through the breathtaking landscape shots to the meticulous detail observed with any buildings , item of clothing and other equipment down to the last little piece of Native jewellery used , this film let 's you immerse yourself into a powerful image of 17th century eastern Canada `` as it really was '' . The film is at its best when it illustrates mutual misunderstandings in the encounter of two completely different cultures.The clash of cultures is often illustrated by sharp cuts between Native and European worlds . These are always interesting , sometimes quite amusing . Often they amount to sheer propaganda of `` savagery '' vs. `` civilisation '' . Indians huddle together , fart and copulate in dark , dirty and stinking wigwams while Europeans walk across beautiful Old World city squares conspiciously devoid of beggars , cripples and the omipresent garbage and sewage of the time . Indians practice primitive shamanism in forests while Europeans stride through light-flooded cathedrals and vow to relinquish the amenities of western Civilisation to salvage the infidels -LRB- even if `` they '' already cut off one of your ears in the process -RRB- . Europeans do well-mannered house music in aristocratic mansions . Indians do it like dogs in the dirt . Always , anywhere and with anyone , as the film will teach us through relentless repetition.The clash of belief systems is personalised in an encounter of the dignified Jesuit priest with an Indian shaman - impersonalised by a ridiculously behaving and profoundly vicious yellow painted dwarf . What could have been an interesting example of Indian attitudes towards disabled and retarded people - worshipping people who are different as a manifestation of the divine instead of confining them to the margins of society - is turned into just another example of the film 's leitmotif - the savagery of the barbaric Indian.When the film was released a New York Times critic lauded the fact that this historical film got by with portraying American colonial history `` without villains '' . Without white villains that is , of course . Set in a time when every City Hall inquisition room in the Christian west was equipped with arsenals of torture tools beyond the imagination of any Indian , when the Thirty Years War was raging through central Europe where entire populations of large cities were butchered to the last woman and infant while seeking refuge in churches and when one third of Germany 's population was slaughtered by armies of fellow Christians , the film centers entirely on what it presents as a realistic portray of `` Indian savagery '' . When the Algonquin party with its European guests is captured by Iroquoians -LRB- the Algonquians speak neither Algonquian nor do the Iroquois speak Iroquoian but all happen to speak Cree here in fact but who would notice anyway -RRB- the male captives are forced to run the gauntlet in their captor 's village . Once , badly battered , of course , they had survived this indeed pretty brutal initiation procedure , I , having at least a superficial knowledge of Iroquois culture , prepared myself for wittnessing the usual next step , the adoption of all captives into the tribe . I soon learned that the makers of the film seemed to have an agenda which would not permit such a less than traumatic ending.It is towards the end that an ambitious yet heavily slanted portrayal of culture clash tilts into point-blank atrocity propaganda . Portraying matriarchic Iroqois societiy with its democratic decision making processes as a male-commandeered dictatorship is in itself a surprising failure given Beresford 's claim to show everything `` the way it really was '' . One wonders if this distortive rendering of Iroquois social life occurred unintentionally . How could they get such basic things so wrong ? However , this appears like a lesser evil compared to the what we are supposed to learn of the treatment of captives by Iroqois . Captured women and children were regularly adopted into the tribe . In fact the Iroqois waged numerous wars on neighbours and absorbed their vanquished foes through something that amounted to genocide by hostile takeover , if you like . There was a time when 25,000 out of 35,000 Iroquois were adopted former enemies . The biggest indian killers of the time were disease , not war . Tribes replenished their thinned-out ranks with captured enemies and could hardly afford to kill them `` unnecessarily '' . Male captives were in for a tougher ride and were only adopted after having endured the gauntlet.The film shows none of this . Instead , the captured boy has his throat cut before his father 's eyes for no apparent reason - exept `` Indian savagery '' which is , by definition , beyond any rationality . The captured woman is announced to be tortured to death the next day . The same fate awaits the male captives - although they just passed the initiation rite . One previous commentator hoped that the research done for the scenes in the Iroquois village was profound . Well , it was not . In fact , the makers of the film got everything beyond mere outfits wrong here . This is certainly not `` a sensitive and earnest portrayal of Indians '' as one previous reviewer reasoned.At the end the film raises `` the profound question '' if it was right to bring the light of Christianity to the Hurons since they were later on `` annihilated '' by their heathen Iroquois enemies -LRB- in reality parts of the survivors were adopted into the tribe , others formed the influental Wiandot nation -RRB- . What the film fails to mention is that it was hardly a Christian `` turn the other cheek '' attitude that brought about the demise of the Hurons but the fact that only partial conversion of the Hurons occurred which split the disease-stricken nation at a time of war when unity was most needed and that the French had chosen the Hurons as their allies and prime proxy fighters in the `` Beaver Wars '' against their Iroquois enemies - and finally let them down militarily when the Hurons needed their support -LRB- For some reading check out -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . How to rate such a film ? Five stars for its technical merits . One star for its often distortive , elaborate defamation of Native cultures . I think that the latter weighs more heavily than the former . Two stars . See it . Carefully . I rented it . I would n't buy it .
 I love this movie , but I HATE , HATE , HATE this DVD . It is the worst transfer I have ever seen on a DVD . It is full screen , but the pan and scan is terrible . You lose about 50 percent of the image from the VHS version . There are scenes where you ca n't even see the people talking in the scene because they are on the extreme right and left . You are left looking at a mostly empty room . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this DVD . If they ever release it on a widescreen , I 'll buy it ... but until then do n't make the same mistake I did .
 I must have watched a different movie from the others here because I thought this one was pretty bad ! Slow moving and not worth my time to see . This rates 3 big yawns .
 This WIN PRODUCTIONS DVD is curious and highly suspect.There was no AMOS 'N' ANDY TV show in 1944 , nor did Freeman Gosden and Charles Correll -LRB- pictured here all corked up -RRB- appear in the early 50s television sitcom . -LRB- Amos Jones was played by Alvin Childress and Andy ` Hogg ' Brown was Spencer Williams . -RRB- The three episodes divided into parts on this item 's Editorial Review -LRB- `` Invisible Glass , '' `` The Gun '' and `` Kingfish Gets Drafted '' -RRB- are single-episode programs that run 25 minutes each . As for `` the best episodes of Amos & Andy , '' that 's a matter of opinion . They 're typical A&A ; shows , to be sure.I does n't know ` bout dis one , Andy !
 After purchasing this item , I wrote a negative review for the video . My negative comment appeared on the review website for awhile and then suddenly diappeared.Was this Amazon 's way of removing anything that might limit sales of this item ???? Interesting marketing policy .
 Sadly this DVD being offered is the Good , but heavily censored version of ` Anthropophagous The Beast ' . While this version is good and has it 's moments , it is sadly missing many minutes of footage due to the United Kingdom and the United States moral censors with too much time on their hands ! ...
 I know I 'm only restating what 's been said countless times , but just to avoid anyone making the same mistake I did buying this : The original , uncut version of this movie goes by `` Anthropophagus
 Okay , this butchered version of ANTHRPOPHAGUS : THE BEAST just goes to show how in a hurry DVD companies are willing to put out a film . People not familiar with Joe D'Amato 's work should n't buy this film . People who already own a copy may want this version for comparision purposes . My advice for people is to either look for an uncut dub copy or try to seek out the Astro DVD version which was released in Germany but sadly is in German with no subtitles .
 This film is titled `` Anthropophagus/Savage Island , etc. . '' in other versions which are UNCUT with all the gore missing from THIS version , `` The Grim Reaper '' . I got a copy on video from Midnight Video under the original title , `` Anthropophagus '' and it was great ! There are two key scenes that I know for a fact are censcored from the U.S. realese `` Grim Reaper '' . The first scene is the infamous fetus eating scene where George Eastman eats an unborn baby ripped from a woman 's crotch . The second scene being the end where the beast gets a pickaxe to the belly , where afterwards he proceeds to eat his own intestines . Bottom line it is a must see film for any gorehound , but beware of ANY version , unless it is titled `` Anthropophagus '' .
 And I mean really beware . It 's not about the movie itself which is quite good and considered by many as a classic horror - it 's about the edition . First it does n't even have a menu . But that 's a minor misdoing . What 's more important - this is a TOTALLY cut version . All the scenes that are loved by viewers and because of which the movie became famous are not here . And I mean ALL.Wait just a little for a new 2-disc Media Blasters ' `` Anthropophagous '' edition which has to be a full-verison . And this one ... Maybe in 10 years it will become a rarity and you 'll be able to sell it profitably :-RRB- Who knows ?
 Yes , I must admit that I was fooled by the `` One of the most notorious , most debated , most banned films of the ` video nasty ' era . '' line on this back of this movie case . I was lucky because I found this at a Best Buy for $ 10.99 . It should be $ 2.99 for as bad as it is . I 've been let down by these Italian Horror Films one too many times . If you want good , gore filled , Italian Horror stick with Lucio Fulci or Dario Argento . Once you get past the bad dubbing and acting they 're berrible . Oh , by the way , unless you are fluent in Italian this second disk is almost worthless-there is no opportunity to even have English subtitles . The only thing good about the second disk is the nudity and strong sexual content and that looks alright in any language !
 What a pile of poop , this is a very , very boring film , and stripped of the gore scenes , you better save your money for something better , banned in the UK , if you saw this version you would think we were all mad in the UK , uncut version - The Anthropogous Beast - hmmm - quick somebody get the uncut version - Anchor Bay ?
 I am not sure , but I think that this movie is still banned here in Germany . The more I was looking forward to see it in its original , that is uncut , form.However , the quality of this edition is rather poor . While it seems to be uncut , the sound and picture quality -LRB- even considering the fact that this whole thing was shot on 16mm -RRB- is a major nuisance.The opening sequence -LRB- with a young girl being killed in the water by the cannibalistic George Eastman -RRB- was shot in German language , but it took me -LRB- as a native speaker -RRB- a while to realize that this was neither Italian nor English ! That 's how bad the sound quality is.The movie as such besides its technical flaws , is ... also a disappointment , at least in my book . Bad acting , bad directing , a minimum plot , quite passable special effects ... this is not enough to satisfy me . -LRB- I have to admit though that I am not too much into late 70s/early 80s Italian horror flicks , so my opinion may not be of too much relevance here . -RRB-
 Okay , first off , I did not buy this version of Anthropophagous -LRB- or as it 's titled here Grim Reaper -RRB- . I 'm writing this to let ALL of you know that this version is not worth the buy . There is , however , a place to get this -- FULLY uncut with all the restored footage -LRB- including the fetus-devouring scene and the last scene , the self-consumption of the entrails -RRB- . Go to -LSB- website -RSB- and visit their DVD section . They 've got it there , along with dozens of other obscure horror , gore and exploitation flicks . While the DVD that I ordered there has trouble fastforwarding and rewinding , I still have the entire complete footage . The website really is the # 1 place to go for anything like this ... if they ca n't do it , none can .
 This is sad , because as much as i love this film , i must give it one star . This is probably because of the DVD . This film is cut and censored . My point is the 2 most famous parts -LRB- The fetus eating and the eating of the organs -RRB- have been completly cut out . I think this was due to the rush of companies to get there movies on DVD . I should have known better when i didnt see the name Anthropopaguhs anywere on the box . Tisa Farrow is so hot and we should really get to see alot more of her in this movie -LRB- its done by Joe D'Amato the soft-core gore guy who did Ilsa and Emanuell films and we dont see any nudity at all in this film -RRB- . I have the uncut version , the sequal Absurd and the lesser more cheap tribute and/or remake Anthropopagus 2000 . Wait a while , im sure this will come out uncut some day ...
 This complete waste of 90 minutes is probably the strongest contender ever for a lone-star movie . With cringingly awful acting , laughable special effects -LRB- the ridiculous head in a bucket is a real guffaw moment -RRB- , appalling dubbed dialogue , cheesy music , inconsistent and confusing plot and no tension or atmosphere , The Grim Reaper is a total disaster.Don ' t waste your money on this turkey .
 This is an extraordinary film -- one of the best Italian horrors out there . Two scenes in particular of unsurpassed gore -- and I 've been watching horror for 30 years . -LRB- No , I wo n't write any spoilers . -RRB- I saw this film when it was first released in the theaters in the early 1980s , and then on VHS , and then on this DVD set.But this 2-DVD set is POORLY MANUFACTURED.I bought this 2-DVD set last year . It kept freezing in my JVC DVD player . So I returned it for a refund.But this is such great film , a year later , I ordered another 2-DVD set . Maybe I 'd gotten a bad batch before?AGAIN , the DVD froze in my DVD player . So I tried it on another DVD player . It froze in that one too.I had to wait for the DVD to jerk past the scene , and nudge it along , trying to get it to play smoothlyGreat film . It 's sad they have such a low quality control at whatever factory they 're using .
 Of all the gore-miester , gun-for-hire directors Italy produced in the early 80 's , who enjoy a cult following , Joe D'Amato has to be the worst and most undeserving . Anthropophagus is supposed to be one his best , along with equally so-so Beyond The Darkness . Void of style or suspense , all Anthropophagus consists of is a handful of shock kills , and a tedious , nearly incoherent framework to fill out the run time . The ghoul-man is creepy to behold , but few who sit through the whole film are going to walk away feeling fed.D ` Amato 's films often feature hard-core sex , and he would later focus exclusively on porn , which makes sense when you consider his `` money-shot '' and filler style of filmaking . Do n't get me wrong , some of my best friends are porn films , but my standards for horror are a little higher , and I choose my hacks with greater care .
 Many individuals have certainly heard of this cult classic . After a painful viewing , it was discovered to be slow and very boring . There is nothing that could save this film . Missing this film is an asset , but do not take my word for it . Go ahead and waste the money to see it for yourself . Then you could write a bad review . I did read some of the good reviews , but I just do not get how anyone could find this movie better than one star . No stars would be a better score for this snail .
 What gets me the most is the great reviews this pile of junk gets , this is one of the most boring films I have ever seen . Wasting about 1 hour just to introduce us to the bland characters , who are free loving hippies sailing on some yacht near the Turkish islands of Yalepha , we learn to not care about them at all . Once they land on the island , the suspense should begin but all we are shown is vignettes that are typical , the `` sex starved guy '' , the `` screaming girl '' , etc , etc. . This was boring as heck and once the crazy monster , played by some half bald idiot in bad make-up comes on the scream , I had to laugh . The supposedly `` wicked scene '' was nothing but a plastic baby being devoured by the monster , yeah , that 's really gruesome ! Of course , the end is also typical , instead of attempting to kill the monster , he comes to the survivors of the slaughter and gets a small spike in his head , why did n't they just shoot him in the first place instead of dragging this worthless film over any longer ? Grade F.
 Why would anyone even buy this knowing it 's the -LSB- terrible -RSB- , heavily-edited version ? This makes me sick . All this talk about `` freedom '' and a silly 80 's horror movie can not even be viewed by adults . When the un-cut version becomes available , then I 'll give 5 stars and purchase .
 Oh Dear !! When a reveiw starts with Oh Dear then you just know the movie went bad . I waited and hoped this film would be released , I 'd heard so much about it . This was one of the most horrific movies banned under the video nasty craze . I think it was banned because it was plain rubbish . DO NOT BUY , Its pretty bad but if your like me your gon na buy it anyway . Get some beer and watch it if you have to .
 This is a heavily edited version of Antropophagous made by Joe D'Amato , and its have no menu , and horrible sound.The Movie very good itself , but keep looking for Antropophagous titled UNCUT version.Available at Xploitedcinema.com
 I own this movie because a Friend recommended it , but It 's not the original version , it is cut and edited , C'mon guys better sit down and watch TV this weekend , there are better movies there ...
 After watching `` Anthropophagus - The Grim Reaper '' , I came away with mixed feelings . On the one hand , `` Anthropohagus '' had its moments -LRB- albeit quite few -RRB- where it was somewhat chilling . The Anthropohagus , himself , was rather effectively creepy as a horror movie villain . Some scenes did fairly well building up to a moment of horror , but the problem is that these effective moments of horror are few and far between . Unfortunately , the majority of this movie is beset with horrible acting and a very cheaply made horror movie , and for some reason , it is just very difficult to get over this fact in `` Anthropophagus '' probably because these weaknesses are so glaring . `` Anthropophagus '' may even have outdone itself with some of the gore scenes , so the gore-hound should n't be disappointed with this flick . However , with that being said , `` Anthropophagus '' simply is not all that scary except for the few moments that deliver a scare or two to the audience , and even those moments are fairly pedestrian when compared to the classic horror movies we have come to know and love . Ultimately , what you have in `` Anthropophagus '' is horrible acting , a poorly written screenplay , uneven and poorly developed plot and action , below average plot execution , just a couple of scary moments , some laughable scenes , a fairly decent amount of gore and an absolutely disgusting , deplorable and depraved scene of violence -LRB- fetus scene -RRB- that really crosses all boundaries of horror movies that I 've ever seen and which really offers nothing as far as the merits of the movie are concerned and certainly offers nothing to cinematic horror . If that kind of thing appeals to you , this could be right up your alley , but it does n't do much for me . I would rather find a really compelling storyline and a scary movie that delivers atmospheric tension , suspense and a scary story , and you simply do not get that in `` Anthropophagus '' . To answer a few questions that could be asked about this movie ... did `` Anthropophagus '' bother me ? No . Did I think it was scary ? Some parts were , but not consistently enough to make it a good scary movie , even unfortunately laughable at some points in the film . However , it can certainly be said that what else do you expect from a low-budget Italian-made horror flick ? Touche!In my search for a great horror movie lost in the annals of cinematic horror like a needle in a haystack , what did I find in `` Anthropophagus '' but another shock and gore horror movie with horrible acting and a barely watchable storyline . Indeed , it is very difficult to give this movie any credit . A word of advice , if you have to try to make yourself like a horror movie even after repeated viewings -LRB- like I did with this one -RRB- , it probably just sucks . For all intents and purposes , that is the case with `` Anthropophagus-The Grim Reaper '' . Nevertheless , sadly , I 've seen much , much worse . To sum this one up , `` Anthropophagus '' is great for gorehounds , not so much for suspense and evoking terror in a sophisticated horror movie audience , at least regarding the movie as a whole .
 Having just seen Anthropophagus
 The Tender Trap is one of the most aggressive defenses of marriage ever seen in the movies . Carefree Frank Sinatra is bullied by depressed married friend David Wayne into leaving his happy bachelor life for the supposed solidity of married life . Frank is eventually roped by control-freak Debbie -LRB- `` I do n't care who I marry as long as I 'm married by 22 '' -RRB- Reynolds into a presumably happily ever after married future . A depressing movie that is barely redeemed by sympathetic performances by Sinatra and Celeste Holm . David Wayne 's portrayal of a self-absorbed , cruel detached husband is o.k. in a thankless role . Debbie Reynold 's character is truly frightening .
 I love Sinatra movies . I love Reynolds . but not this one ! It is about Charlie -LCB- Sinatra -RCB- who has a string of girls . His friend Joe comes out and sees them and he wants in but he is married.He loves his wife very much but he came to get a break and to see Charlie . Charlie meets Debbie Reynolds and instatanly he falls in love.and Joe thinks he is having fun with her instead of being in love . Joe starts making friends with one of Charlies girls and charlie really does n't like it . It is just that he does n't want to admit it . This movie is not that bad BUT if you are a man you willl probably not like it ! all it was made for was girls I know because I am one!All it is , is a love movie .
 I expected this to be a musical , based on the cast and the cute song `` The Tender Trap , '' but in fact that 's the only song in it . The character Debbie Reynolds plays is positively psychotic -LRB- I had hoped she would be funny -RRB- . The plot drags on about an hour too long , and none of the characters are likable , except Celeste Holmes and Frank Sinatra 's dog . What a waste of a great cast !
 Frank Sinatra 's sidekick in the movie , played by David Wayne , has got to have turned in one of the worst supporting actor performances in the history of movies , and totally lost my attention . So many shots of this virtual unknown , with an exasperated look on his face . But he 's not a star ! You ca n't put the camera on a non star so many times when he has nothing to show . Who is this guy ? It proves why you need stars and not just actors , in movies .
 I watched the movie on Cartoon Network about two years ago . It 's an excellent movie , I tell you . It 's facinating !!! ^_^ I loved the characters and their personalities . I seriously loved the art designs animation . It brings out the true life of the movie . In my opinion , this DVD is great ! You should get this DVD and soon . It ROCKS ! ^_^ !
 I do n't really like the edited version . It has no blood or swear words . Without them , I do n't think this should be PG-13 . It should be more of a PG . The Uncut version is also better because it 's longer !
 This is the `` edited for television '' version of Endless Waltz that aired on Toonami , and the extras are sparse as well . Skip this one and get the Special Edition instead .
 This movie ... * shakes head * My friend and I got this movie , because we liked the Gundam Wing TV series and I had read a good review of it , while we were making an anime video stockup . Fine . We go home ... and we watch in her basement ... and we laughed our butts off the ENTIRE TIME . This movie was meant to be serious but we just could n't take this with a straight face ... The dubbing , by the way , is really really bad
 I do n't understand why this series is so popular . I rented this movie to TRY and get into it . And I tried HARD ! But as this movie went on my mind got bored and went elsewhere . I began thinking about a funny episode of `` Family Guy . '' Then I realized I missed an important scene in the movie . Not that I understood a single thing in it in the first place . The plot is so dry but what makes it dry is the voice acting . Somebody please get these characters personalities ! They all talk in this flat , straight , serious voice . It 's like they 're all asleep and their mouths run on copilot . I think this could be a pretty good anime . The animation is beautiful and the character design is well done . But all the boys are a little too pretty if you ask me . I 've heard rumors some of them are gay . At least if they were it would make the story a little more interesting . My only real complaint is the voice acting . Get some actors who have more than one tone in their voices and this movie might be pretty good .
 Personnally , I thought Endless Waltz was a MAJOR let down . The actual Endless Waltz series in Japan is MUCH MUCH better . This one , they just automatically turn into the new upgraded gundams , yet at the conclusion of Gundam Wing , they were using the Mid Staged Upgrades . If you notice the Alto-Long gundam , Wu-Fei 's , has completely changed between the series and the Movie , and it give no explanation . Along with the other gundams undergoing a complete change . Also it has a horrible plot to it . I think this movie sucked bad . If you want to see the REAL continuation , Watch the actual Japaneese Series .
 I liked this movie until I found out how much it rips off Zeta and ZZ Gundam . I mean , what the heck ? Mariemaia is such a blatantly condensed copy of Mineva that it 's almost funny.Another problem I had is Wufei 's random alliance switch . Also , I think the ending was pretty dumb . I mean , no war again , forever ? That 's just too hard to believe.Yeah , I know I only touched the very surface ... but it 's Wing , not worth too much of my time .
 This is an awful movie . Westerns which attempt to portray actual characters , or events , ought to do a better job with their history . The Long Riders is a good western , and really good history , with the same subject which shows it can be done.Movies are movies , though , and Gladiator does n't suffer from its laughable depiction Roman Imperial politics . This movie , instead , suffers from bad acting , a bad script , silly dialogue , and every other ill which generally plagues bad movies .
 As of this date , Hollywood has yet to produce a film about Frank and Jesse James that is both historically accurate and entertaining.Sadly , this latest offering from Vidmark/Trimark pictures is neither historically accurate nor entertaining in any sense of the word -LRB- s -RRB- . Considering the topic , one would expect an action-packed film . Such is not the case . The story-line is slow and meandering , and it suffers from problems with continuity . Granted , it would be hard to depict in a few hours the many exploits of these two brothers . But one would expect that a film having a run time of approximately two hours would find more stirring events to present to the audience.Furthermore , the `` acting '' is abysmal . Love them or hate them , the James brothers stirred the passions of both Southroners and Jay-Hawkers alike . Rob Lowe -LRB- as Jesse -RRB- and Bill Paxton -LRB- as Frank -RRB- stir neither passions nor interest in the characters . More perplexingly , Paxton portrays Frank James as a moralizing whiner . In any event , a problem certainly exists when actors can not `` breathe life '' into characters as famous/infamous as the James brothers ! It is inexcusable to permanently enshrine on the ` silver screen ' such lack-luster performances . And the overall production is poor , having mundane cinematography , no contrast , and an uninspired soundtrack . Honestly , the production level is the equivalent to a `` made for TV '' movie.Most unforgivable are the many historical inaccuracies . The film opens with young Jesse taking the Oath of Allegiance to the North . In actuality , when Jesse rode into town after the War to seek amnesty , he was ` welcomed ' by a shotgun blast which knocked him from his horse and nearly killed him . No doubt , this traumatic event played a factor in his `` post-War activities . '' And from its opening sequence , the film progresses through more omissions , distortions , and flights of pure fantasy . Those who admire the factual re-telling of historical events and those having an interest in the James brothers should best avoid this film.For a more entertaining Civil War era movie , see `` Ride With the Devil . '' It is a fictitional work , but it is a good movie and has a nice musical score as well .
 The script for this movie is shamelessly anti-historical garbage . Anyone who has studied the history of the James gang knows they were no choirboys in shining armor ; one of the few redeeming features is that Frank , as played -LRB- well -RRB- by Bill Paxton , harbors and expresses many reservations about the morality of the James brothers ' former association with Cantrell 's Raiders , as well as their current career as America 's first peacetime bank robbers . It is also worth noting that the Pinkerton detective agency was in fact nearly as vicious and unprincipled in dealing with the Jameses as portrayed here . Other than that , the movie takes so many liberties with history , it adds up to outright fiction of the worst kind . It could n't be much more apparent if they 'd dressed the James/Younger gang up in white hoods and had them carry Confederate flags . This flick has decent production values
 It stinks . The 2 mass murderers are depicted as poor victims of society . They 're cocky and stupid in the show . The movie puts Pinkerton in bad light . Of course cocky and stupid people will enjoy loathing him . Bad acting all around .
 The Civil War ends and Frank and Jesse James have long since mustered out of Quantrill 's band of Yankee-hating raiders . The brothers try to return to the ranch but are forced by circumstances - circumstances in large part created by carpetbagging politicians , greedy railroad men , and eastern bankers - to return to a life of crime . One particularly ghoulish looking railroad land buyer is rebuffed - Get off 'n my land - only to come back a-gunnin ' and a-bombin ' . A James or two is killed and the brothers find themselves yet again in the position of guerilla warriors against the United States government . Or , to put it less sympathetically than 1994 's FRANK AND JESSE does , robbing banks and trains is a whole lot easier , and more fun , way to make a living than busting sod.FRANK AND JESSE is n't any more concerned with historical accuracy than most movies . It casts a sympathetic eye at its title characters , treating them as modern day Robin Hoods , ennobling their post-Civil War careers . I have fewer problems with distorted history than with bad scripts and weak stories . The boys are ennobled to the same degree the bad guys are debased and whoever was responsible for this script laid ` bad ' on with a thick trowel . Bankers are venal and corrupt . Railroad men are rapacious and corrupt . The US Army is the corrupt lackey arm of the carpetbaggers . Even William Atherton , who plays detective and arch-James ' nemesis Allan Pinkerton , emerges as a character a shade or so shy of two dimensions.Anyway , the bad guys ca n't shoot straight -LRB- it really does take ten Yankees to kill a Reb ! -RRB- , they 'll kick a poor widder women off 'n her land less 'n she pays an exorbitant mortgage demanded by the Eastern Banker , and The People hate them . In one of many awkward scenes , the James and the Younger boys discuss reuniting the Gang . Someone reminds the group `` we 've got to keep the heart of the people . '' It sounded forced and phony - a line more appropriate to a bad ad campaign or a bad movie about a bad war than a bad western . Detective Pinkerton will be surrounded by the James ' Gang on more than one occasion , with Yank troopers falling like ten-pins to the right and to the left of him , and escapes without a scratch!FRANK AND JESSE wore me down long before they arrived at Northfield and committed the famous bank robbery . I was n't ready for the ludicrous ending . If you 're familiar with Jesse James ' life story I 'll give you a couple of hints . Jesse knows the Ford brothers ' visit is more than a social call . Before Jesse adjusts the crooked picture he looks in on his son , who is in bed asking his mother `` We do n't have to move again , do we , Mommy ? '' Jesse 's -LRB- Rob Lowe -RRB- reaction shot is in soft focus . If anything , FRANK AND JESSE will demonstrate the lengths some responsible parents used to go to to keep Junior in the same school.There were some bright points . As usual , Bill Paxton as Frank James gives a subtle and nuanced performance . Randy Travis -LRB- Cole Younger -RRB- warbles a pleasant Auld Lang Syne around a campfire.My favorite scene will probably pass by anyone who has n't seen Walter Hill 's THE LONG RIDERS , another story about the Jamess and the Youngers and another that devotes a fair amount of time to the Northfield bank robbery.THE LONG RIDERS combines slow-motion photography , daring stunts and skillful editing to make of the robbery a memorably exciting scene . For instance , a galloping horse is shown exploding through a plate glass window . Okay - real glass from a real plate glass window would have cut the horse to ribbons , and the movie horse galloped off into the Minnesota wilderness unnicked , but it was visually exciting . Almost exactly the same situation develops in FRANK AND JESSE . In Northfield a thundering horse gallops through an empty building . Floorboards clatter , the rampaging steed leaps and - doink . The resistable horse is thrown back by the immovable object - aka the malfunctioning prop . The heavy window , attached by a top hinge , yawns out about four inches . The stunned beast repurchases his traction , carefully noses the window and sort of squeezes out over the sill.FRANK AND JESSE squeezes out over the screen and clocks in at a bit over an hour and a half . If you absolutely have to see every movie dealing with the James ' Gang get it .
 This movie has it all poor acting , glaring historical errors and totally unbelievable events . While I do n't expect any film to be a completely accurate by any means the beginning of the film is one of the most fabricated and unbelievable retellings of why the James brothers started robbing banks . Jesse James was a hero to many people and that is accurately portrayed in the film . The acting and lines are forced and corny and the locations where it was chosen to be filmed are poor , yes mainly in Northwest Arkansas but the mountains in Minnesota were the worst . Let 's just say there 's a reason this move was n't released in many theaters and only took home $ 50,000 .
 The action scenes are ok but this is really a work of fiction for the most part and historical facts are ignored or altered .
 Tobe Hooper notwithstanding , this is an oddity -LRB- in every sense of the word -RRB- . There 's no plot to speak of , most of the action takes place in , under , and around the Starlight Hotel . It 's an ugly set poorly lit . All in all , a pointless exercise in excess.Think about it , people check in , few leave , how is it that no one noticed all those cars with not enough drivers to account for them ? As for the local characters , all first cousins ? Or just bad acting ? I did feel sorry for poor Carolyn Jones and Mel Ferrer ; they were stars once . As for Neville Brand , he gave new meaning to raving lunatic ! Even when he was more or less docile , who would check into a hotel he was running ? Well , even desperate , who would check into a motel with a croc out front !? Weird . But not in a good way . More than a bit heavy handed , this was just a loud obnoxious piece of schlock . I ca n't think of a single sequence that stood out , that could n't have been done better , if one were tempted to redo it.Yipes , now there 's a scary thought !
 In `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' , Tobe Hooper managed to create a perfect mix of chaos , horror and very dark humour . In this movie he tries to do the same thing , but fails . It has some very chaotic scenes and scenes with dark humour but this movie just is n't shocking in the way that Chainsaw was.Judd is a pretty good character , somewhat similar to the Jim Siedow character in Chainsaw , but most of the things in this movie , including the plot , is not very interesting.This movie can be worth checking out for `` Chainsaw '' fans , but do n't expect too much from it . If you 're not a fan of `` Chainsaw '' or Tobe Hooper - do n't bother .
 Initially the movie seemed to have some of Chainsaw Massacre 's nonlinear slant and manic energy , but the lack of focus ultimately destroyed everything . The movie 's random maniacal edge seemed overly contrived -- perpetrated in the absence of any recognizable storyline . And hell , the crocodile just did n't get enough screen-time . Let 's face it . The best actor in the entire movie was reprehensibly underplayed.This whole swamp-laden mess roughly revolves around the picturesque Starlight Hotel , conspicuously built to overlook a croc-supporting deluge . At one point , an estranged family shows up and pays for a room . What follows next is a pointless psychotic diatribe between husband and wife . The wife , by the way , is Sally from Chainsaw Massacre . The husband ends up dead , the little girl ends up running and hiding , and Sally ends up tied to a bed in her underwear -- which may have been provocative in some tawdry way were it not for the eyeliner and snot running down her flushed heaving face the entire time.There 's just no central drive or consistent storyline , and too many non-essential characters . At one point you do see a belligerent pre-Freddy-Freddy as he is gobbled wholesale by the expeditious crocodile . Pre-Freddy-Freddy 's girlfriend looked to me like the same girl who played the recalcitrant member of the cannibal tribe from The Hills Have Eyes , but do n't quote me on that , because I was quite drunk at the time.Ultimately , the hotel 's owner , Judd , deviant/killer/crockmaster / entrepreneur , ends up doing the headlong dash into the croc 's gullet , and the mourners in Judd 's tumultuous wake are very few and far between . As a villain , Judd translates to a queasy and unsatisfying hybrid between and estranged member of the Leatherface clan and one of the Blacks Widows from Every Which Way But Loose.I do n't know . This movie is n't like trying to sit through Hatred of a Minute or Las Vegas Blood Bath or Michael Bolton concert footage , but it 's definitely not one of Tobe Hooper 's crowning achievements . Still , you know , give the guy a break .
 I 'm constantly amazed by how those closest to the movie business -- directors , producers , and writers -- so often misunderstand just what makes a movie good . At times they seem childishly simple-minded
 This review is for the 2-Disc Special Edition of Eaten Alive : Based on what I read about the plot of this movie and the fact that a young Robert Englund acted in this film , I thought Eaten Alive would be worth the purchase , especially seeing how I 'm such a fan of the horror genre.Well , once I finished watching it , I was set straight . So allow me to do the same for you
 As a bit of a horror film buff , I 'm always looking to check out some of the older b-movie horrors of the past , both to learn more about what makes for a good scare , as well as to get interesting insights into exactly how and why those things have changed over the decades . And I can safely say that `` Eaten Alive '' provided none of that for me.This is the third film from Director Tobe Hooper -LRB- known mainly for his cult classic `` The Texas Chain Saw Massacre '' -RRB- . Once again , the film revolves around a mentally disturbed person , living within the southern part of the United States . This time around , the story is about a deranged inn keeper who , for reasons never explained , keeps killing the guests who come to his motel and feeding them to the large crocodile in the swamp next to it.Those who are familiar with Hooper 's style , will see a lot of similarities between this film and his most famous work , `` The Texas Chain Saw Massacre '' , which was the film he made directly preceding this one . It is filled with the kind of strange and oddball cinematography , with weird neon lighting and close-up focusing shots on weird images throughout , that Hooper is known for . But unlike the previous work , it does n't really gel here . What once might have been directorial excess , is simply pointless and unintelligible nonsense . It is obvious he 's trying to set an eerie and creepy atmosphere , but it is just so poorly crafted and lacking in any sense of commonality , that what is meant to feel bizarre and surreal , feels completely unbelievable instead . The script for this must have been about one page long , as that is how bad the plot and storytelling here is.The acting is , also , very much below par , even by low budget horror film standards . It is shown that the inn keeper -LRB- played by Neville Brand -RRB- is out-of-his-mind , but we never come to understand why or what it is the guests do that sets him off . This lack of context makes it almost impossible to be scared by his crazy -LRB- re -RRB- actions and leaves you more inclined to scratch your head in puzzlement , than to feel any sense of dread or menace . None of the other characters really gets enough development for you to care about them , save that of Buck -LRB- played by a then unknown Robert Englund -RRB- . His performance is the only one to have any real resonance at all and even that is n't very much.Perhaps Hooper thought he could capture lightning in a bottle for a second time , like he did with `` The Texas Chain Saw Massacre '' a couple years earlier -LRB- even going so far as to bring back Marilyn Burns to play the part of a victim once more -RRB- . But as this film shows , it is n't something you can force or easily recreate . As a result , `` Eaten Alive '' never really comes to life or finds it 's own voice -LRB- a point only belabored , by the fact this film had been renamed many different times -RRB- . It just stagnates and meanders , providing no real thrills , scares , or even the macabre tone of TCM . If you are a Hooper completist , you might derive some kind of enjoyment or interest from this outing . Otherwise , you are best just to skip on this uninteresting and plotless bomb . The reason this film is highly overlooked , is n't because it was ahead of it 's time . It is because efforts this poor are better off being forgotten .
 This is one of the worst horror movies I can remember watching , and I have watched a lot of them over the years , and I want those 90 minutes back . I wo n't go into a detailed analysis , because the movie does n't deserve one.The movie is supposedly based on the true story of a hotel owner who had an alligator as an attraction and where several women were murdered , though it was never proven he fed them to the alligator.I watched it because it was directed by Tobe Hooper -LRB- this was his follow-up to Chainsaw -RRB- . The other notable horror connections are Robert Englund in his first significant role -LRB- listen for his first line at the beginning -RRB- and Marilyn Burns -LRB- from Chainsaw -RRB- . What can you expect from this movie ? A hotel owner that mumbles incoherently to no one for most of the movie , bad dialogue , bad special effects -LRB- though Steve Martin would be proud of the scythe killing -RRB- , and the worst music ever contained in a horror movie . Are you getting the picture yet ? It 's bad!I only watched the movie itself on cable , so the DVD special features may be worth watching , but there is no way in hell this movie rates 4 or 5 stars . Do not waste money buying or renting this movie ! You have been warned .
 Where do you begin with this flick?Let me give the uninitiated a quick rundown , crazy hotel owner on the bayou feeds various guests to the crocodile living on his property . Hmmmm did I leave anything out ? Nope , that just about covers it . Oh , I should mention that each of his guests is more annoying than the next , and each seems to get progressively more stupid as the film plays out . Let me present a few lowlights :1 . Who knew you could light an entire film scrictly with those red heating lamps they use at McDonalds to keep the McNuggets warm ? Seriously , the cartoonish lighting in this flick is headache inducing ! This lighting worked okay in `` Creepshow '' , but it 's so overpowering in this film , it 's distracting . Its like that `` Seinfeld '' episode where Kenny Roger 's Roasters opened across the street from Kramer 's apartment , and bathed everything in a soul searing red light .2 . `` Splatter-fest '' - Really ? Who describes the film that way ? If so , they have n't seen a genuine `` splatter '' movie . This flick ca n't even be considered a splatter flick for it 's time ... not with `` 2000 Maniacs '' , `` Blood Feast '' and Hooper 's own `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' preceeding it . If there is blood shown , the lighting is so funky it will look black or cartoonish red .3 . Neville Brand , Carolyn Jones & Stuart Whitman all deserved much better than this . At least Brand gets to act all kinds of psycho , the others are simply wasted . Robert Englund I will give a pass , as a young actor just starting out , he probably grabbed this role with both hands .4 . Fans of 1970 's Country Music should be pleased with soundtrack . Others ... not so much .5 . If you thought the `` lagoon set '' from Gilligan 's Island looked fake ... wait til you get a look at this `` hotel in the swamp '' set !?!? It was really nice of the community theater to let them borrow it for the film .6 . What the hell is up with all the actresses wearing curly haired wigs ? Was that some kind of early 70 's fad I missed out on?Honestly , there is nothing to recommend about this film . Gore hounds will be disappointed , the suspense found in Hooper 's `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is absent , if they are going for dark humor in the flick ... they failed . It 's just a bad film , badly shot , badly written and badly acted . Not in a so-bad-its-good way either ... just boring-bad .
 When Tobe Hooper released `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' in 1974 , people went wild over this up and coming horror film director . That movie , replete with a chainsaw wielding lunatic clad in human pelts and oppressive atmosphere so thick you could cut it with a. . . well , a chainsaw , proved to be effective on so many levels that it takes multiple viewings just to absorb the whole thing . I still see reviews about this movie raving about the heavy gore content , which is hilarious because Hooper 's psychological thriller is bloodless . People THINK they saw buckets of gore because the disturbing and ultra seedy feel of the picture encourages a false memory that surely a film this twisted must contain gallons of sauce . When the time came to follow up this winner with another stellar contribution to the horror genre , Tobe bequeathed `` Eaten Alive '' to the cinematic world . The result was a resounding thud . `` Eaten Alive '' is an abomination ; it is a flaccid , wretched attempt to recreate the magic Hooper reaped from that family of lively cannibals in Texas . This movie is so bad that it literally hurts the brain to watch it in its entirety.Out in the bayou there is the Starlight Motel , run by a mumbling , stumbling psychotic named Judd -LRB- Neville Brand -RRB- . Good old Judd does n't get out all that much , seeing as how he has to tend to his decrepit property and feed the alligator he keeps in a pond in front of the inn . Heck , once in awhile he even sees a guest or two show up and rent a room for the night . This is fine for Judd and his pet alligator because this innkeeper knows there is a whole lotta sin out there in the world that needs fixing , and he is just the sort of man to do it . Judd 's keen eye can even tell when one of the women of the night from the brothel in town turns up for the evening , as we see at the beginning of the film . Unfortunately for the owner of the Starlight , that lady has a family who actually cares about her whereabouts , and it is n't too long before her Dad -LRB- Mel Ferrar -RRB- and sister turn up in town asking a bunch of pesky questions . The sheriff of the town is n't too worried about this disappearance , nor is Miss Hattie , the madam at the local house of ill repute -LRB- Carolyn Jones -RRB- . Throw in a local yokel with a penchant for pool halls , women , and booze -LRB- played by Robert Englund in one of his first roles -RRB- and a family who turns up at the Starlight during this whole mess -LRB- with the Mom played by Hooper alum Marilyn Burns -RRB- , and you have all the trimmings of `` Eaten Alive . `` I will admit some of the murders are a wee bit entertaining . I will even admit that the idea of a pet alligator tearing some poor schlep to pieces has some allure . I will further admit that `` Eaten Alive '' is a terrible , boring piece of trash that entertaining murders and hungry gators can not redeem . A large part of the problem with this film falls squarely on the shoulders of the cast . Englund provides precious few reasons to watch this film , and it is more than a bit surprising that he managed to get work after appearing in this dreck . Carolyn Jones , who played the erotic Morticia Addams -LRB- admit it ; she was something to look at ! -RRB- in the seminal television series , appears in the part of Miss Hattie . What an embarrassing appearance ! Her entire shtick relies on her roaming around wearing a huge ball cap while blurting out nonsensical statements . Mel Ferrar , quite simply , should have known better . Marilyn Burns rehashes her `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' role here without any of the amazing verve she showed in that movie . The real death knell of `` Eaten Alive '' is Neville Brand as the mentally dyspeptic Judd . Large sections of the film reveal nothing except Brand ambling around his lodgings mumbling his lines in Esperanto or some equally obscure language . It sure as heck was n't English because I did n't understand a word this guy said . Attention casting director , screenwriter , and actors of `` Eaten Alive ''
 This is considered to be director Tobe Hooper 's `` Lost '' film . This could be because `` Eaten Alive '' was released under so many alternate titles ... or it could be as simple as this film just is n't that great . Tobe Hooper seems to be with this film trying to create the same tension he did with his stunning Texas Chainsaw Massacre , but fails . Eaten Alive is actually very similar to TCM in many ways . Stray vistors vistit a remote hotel -LRB- not a farm house -RRB- only to be slayed by a psycho -LRB- not Leatherface -RRB- with a scyth -LRB- not a chainsaw -RRB- and then fed to his pet croc -LRB- not served up for supper -RRB- . Neville Brand does a good job portraying the psychotic hotel owner , but his character does not seem to come off near as scary or relentless as the legendary Leatherface . I can see way Tobe Hooper decided to make this film . TCM was such a hit that he probably felt it to be safer to try to copy his success rather than try something different . Sadly this film disappeared from the box office never to be heard from again until the Elite DVD release . The DVD presention is very good , considering how rare this film is . It does have some scratches and color disortions , but its acceptable since the original negative probably has n't been stored in the best of conditions over the years -LRB- it was probably stored in Tobe 's basment until one day he decided to blow the dust off of it -RRB- . This film is still a good buy for the curious horror fans out there.On the up side about the film , I like how Tobe Hooper tried to `` liven '' up the film by using some unique lighting effects . These lighting effects are very similar to Dario Argento 's Suspiria with the bright red and blues . Many consider Dario Argento to have started that whole `` unique '' lighting effect stuff , but Tobe Hooper actually beat him to the punch by two years ! Maybe Eaten Alive was released before `` artsy '' horror films became popular .
 The `` lost Tobe Hooper film '' ? Whoever rediscovered this should be flogged ! It 's not even classy trash like Hooper 's own `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre . '' I can forgive a lot in a low-budget `` B '' flick , but this pointless film does n't even register on the watchability scale . The trailer for the film tries to cash in on the success of `` Jaws '' by comparing this slop to it ! This is how I would write the script for the trailer of `` Eaten Alive ''
 The amazing thing that jumped out at me while watching EATEN ALIVE was that Tobe Hooper made this AFTER he made THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE . This movie definitely looks like a debut
 I just `` WASTED '' -LRB- & U will TOO ! -RRB- good money , on this BADDD Flick !!! This ONE was left OVER , from the Drive-IN `` Rejects '' !!! It 's NOT worth a RENTAL ???
 First off , let me warn you
 Tobe Hooper 's next film after the ubersuccess `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is a mess of half realized ideas and a director who must have felt the pressure to top himself.Neville Brand is Judd , who runs the Starlight Hotel on the outskirts of a small Texas town . Libby -LRB- Crystin Sinclaire -RRB- , a novice hooker , runs away from Miss Hattie 's -LRB- Carolyn Jones , in some awful pancake makeup -RRB- and takes refuge at the creepy hotel . She arrives at night , Judd figures out she was one of Miss Hattie 's girls , and throws her in the swamp . The swamp out back of the hotel contains a giant crocodile , which eats almost everything that comes its way.The film then falls into a pattern that constantly repeats itself . More patrons come to the hotel , Judd picks this night to go nuts , and the crocodile out back gets to eat more than his share . Roy -LRB- William Finley -RRB- and his family arrive , Libby 's dad -LRB- Mel Ferrer -RRB- and her sister arrive , Buck -LRB- Robert Englund -RRB- arrives , the sheriff arrives , my impatience arrives , etc.While the crocodile attacks are very good -LRB- Hooper wisely keeps the shots dark -RRB- , and the gore effects are okay , the script is a mess . Why did Judd pick this night to go bonkers ? Has he been killing people all these years , or just now ? The constant predictability kills the suspense.Neville Brand , one of Hollywood 's greatest underrated character actors , does a good job here until his performance eventually becomes stale . I am still trying to figure out why Carolyn Jones is covered in the horrible makeup , even her character is a little unnecessary . Poor Mel Ferrer does his best , but he has appeared in so many of these B horror movies , he looks totally bored . Robert Englund is good , his opening line is memorable , but his character is also just a small minded caricature . `` Eaten Alive '' is by no means a great horror film , but if anything , it is a hundred times better than Hooper 's later `` Crocodile , '' one of the worst films ever made .
 Ok . `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' was great . `` The Funhouse '' was just okay . But to say `` Eaten Alive '' is even worth 90 minutes of your time is stretching it . The story is ... well let 's just say there is no story . And the killer , well , would n't even frighten a five year old . The sets look fake , the costumes are cheesy , and the music stinks . Needless to say , `` Eaten Alive '' is probably one of the worst films I have ever seen . The only reason I gave it two stars is because there are a few pretty decent chase scenes that can keep your attention for a while and get your mind off how horrible the film really is .
 I do n't understand why this series is so popular . I rented this movie to TRY and get into it . And I tried HARD ! But as this movie went on my mind got bored and went elsewhere . I began thinking about a funny episode of `` Family Guy . '' Then I realized I missed an important scene in the movie . Not that I understood a single thing in it in the first place . The plot is so dry but what makes it dry is the voice acting . Somebody please get these characters personalities ! They all talk in this flat , straight , serious voice . It 's like they 're all asleep and their mouths run on copilot . I think this could be a pretty good anime . The animation is beautiful and the character design is well done . But all the boys are a little too pretty if you ask me . I 've heard rumors some of them are gay . At least if they were it would make the story a little more interesting . My only real complaint is the voice acting . Get some actors who have more than one tone in their voices and this movie might be pretty good .
 Personnally , I thought Endless Waltz was a MAJOR let down . The actual Endless Waltz series in Japan is MUCH MUCH better . This one , they just automatically turn into the new upgraded gundams , yet at the conclusion of Gundam Wing , they were using the Mid Staged Upgrades . If you notice the Alto-Long gundam , Wu-Fei 's , has completely changed between the series and the Movie , and it give no explanation . Along with the other gundams undergoing a complete change . Also it has a horrible plot to it . I think this movie sucked bad . If you want to see the REAL continuation , Watch the actual Japaneese Series .
 I liked this movie until I found out how much it rips off Zeta and ZZ Gundam . I mean , what the heck ? Mariemaia is such a blatantly condensed copy of Mineva that it 's almost funny.Another problem I had is Wufei 's random alliance switch . Also , I think the ending was pretty dumb . I mean , no war again , forever ? That 's just too hard to believe.Yeah , I know I only touched the very surface ... but it 's Wing , not worth too much of my time .
 I do n't really like the edited version . It has no blood or swear words . Without them , I do n't think this should be PG-13 . It should be more of a PG . The Uncut version is also better because it 's longer !
 This is the `` edited for television '' version of Endless Waltz that aired on Toonami , and the extras are sparse as well . Skip this one and get the Special Edition instead .
 This movie ... * shakes head * My friend and I got this movie , because we liked the Gundam Wing TV series and I had read a good review of it , while we were making an anime video stockup . Fine . We go home ... and we watch in her basement ... and we laughed our butts off the ENTIRE TIME . This movie was meant to be serious but we just could n't take this with a straight face ... The dubbing , by the way , is really really bad
 I watched the movie on Cartoon Network about two years ago . It 's an excellent movie , I tell you . It 's facinating !!! ^_^ I loved the characters and their personalities . I seriously loved the art designs animation . It brings out the true life of the movie . In my opinion , this DVD is great ! You should get this DVD and soon . It ROCKS ! ^_^ !
 Adam Sandler has made some relatively funny movies in his time . This one is most assuredly not one of them . I realize that this film was one of his earliest projects - long before he hit his stride & could dictate what films he wished to contribute to . In the case of this movie , that point is exceedingly obvious.It seems like this DVD tries to be funny by being unfunny . That 's kind of like trying to satisfy your appetite by starving yourself . Nothing in this film is funny - period . It almost appears that it is deliberately that way -LRB- kind of ironic for a comedy , would n't you say ? -RRB- . The only redeeming quality of this movie is that it does have some fairly attractive women wearing bikinis . If it were not for that , I would give this one negative one stars instead of zero stars.There are some other Sandler movies that are of fairly high quality . Do not make the mistake of believing this is one of them . In fact , if you happen to see this DVD in your shopping cart , be sure & throw it overboard !
