 When you hear folks say that they do n't make 'em like that anymore , they might be talking about `` BY THE SEA '' . This is a very cool story about a young Cuban girl searching for idenity who stumbles into a coastal resort kitchen gig with a zen motorcycle maintenance man , three hysterical Italian chefs and a Latino fireballing right handed pitcher who plays on the team sponsored by the resort 's owner . As is often the case she ` finds ' herself through honest , often comical but always emotional , interaction with this sizzling roster of players . With the perfect mix of special effects , that salsa sound and flashbacks , BY THE SEA , gets 4 BIG stars from me !
 A great find , heard of this movie from a friend , and glad I did . A really well done romantic comedy with a magical twist . The acting is terrific -LRB- I regognized the girl from the Sopranos -RRB- , the scenery/locations were beautiful and the story held up the whole way . A great date movie . You wo n't be sorry .
 I was surprised , and so touched , by this movie . What a delightful find ! A friend recommended it , and they were n't wrong at all . The story is lovely , with a lot of heart . The actress who plays Elena is beautiful . And the locations ! Wow . I want to visit there , wherever this is . The story gave me hope , and inspiration , and a desire to have my own magic happen by the sea !! Really , a must watch , good to cuddle up with a loved one .
 Besides his famousDEVIL 'S DICTIONARY , San Francisco newpaperman Ambrose Gwinnett Bierce -LRB- 1842-1914 -RRB- wrote many supernatural and Civil War short stories . AN OCCURENCE AT OWL CREEK BRIDGE is best-known of the latter . This French-made short film -LRB- 28 mins . -RRB- of that tale was required viewing in high schools back in the 1960s . The story opens with Confederate sympathizer Peyton Farquhar being executed by hanging from the titled river span . He 's pushed , falls , the rope snaps and Peyton lands in the water , unharmed . He manages to free his hands , untie his bound feet and safely escape from a barrage of rifle fire.For a day and night Farquhar flees through an endless forest in the general direction of home -- some 30 miles distant . All through this taxing journey he thinks about wife and kids . Peyton begins to imagine strange sights and noises , and is convinced that he dozes even while walking . After coming to full consciousness near his home , Farquhar runs -LRB- in stunning slow motion -RRB- with arms outstretched toward his wife . He suddenly feels a blinding pain in the back of his neck ... The literary device central to `` Owl Creek Bridge '' has been reused in many films.JACOB 'S LADDER -LRB- 1990 -RRB- andCARNIVAL OF SOULS -LRB- 1962 -RRB- are just two of these.Licensee of this indie transfer , VIDEO YESTERYEAR -LRB- along with RADIO YESTERYEAR -RRB- is a specialty company located in Sandy Hook , CT. . Since the 1970s this outfit has been a provider of vintage radio and TV shows , also obscure or historically significant films.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website . -LRB- 8.3 -RRB- An Occurence at Owl Creek Bridge -LRB- France-1962 -RRB- - Roger Jacquet/Anne Cornaly/Anker Larsen/St &eacute;phane Fey/Jean-Franois Zeller/Pierre Danny/Louis Adelin
 Hotel Babylon is a witty , clever , and utterly addictive 2006 British television series launched in the States via BBC America in 2007 . The formula is fool proof
 HOTEL BABYLON has to be one of the most incorrectly-advertised TV shows I 've seen . When airing on BBC America this past summer , it appeared to be some glamourized soap opera with sexy women . BBC American salaciously promoted it on `` Wicked Wednesdays '' . These commercials did n't even hint that HOTEL BABYLON was actually a breezy , fast-paced , funny , and surprisingly truthful look at a 5-star London hotel 's happenings.Each of the 8 episodes begins and ends with narration by Charlie -LRB- Max Beesley -RRB- , the Deputy Manager of the hotel . Think Augustus Hill from OZ , or the opening quotes from THE WIRE . Charlie 's philosophical monologues on the hotel business cleverly bookend each episode . Other characters include : Rebecca -LRB- Tamzin Outwaithe -RRB- - the workaholic hotel managerTony -LRB- Dexter Fletcher from LOCK , STOCK , & TWO SMOKING BARRELS -RRB- - a loyal concierge who 's mostly the moral center of the showAnna -LRB- Emma Pearson -RRB- - the superficial receptionist you ca n't help but put up withThere are other hotel faces that you 'll learn along the way , and each is given an appropriate amount of screentime . Cameos do n't steal the show , and reoccuring characters are well-balanced throughout the season.What separates HOTEL BABYLON from other tongue-in-cheek comedy-dramas is that although the stories in this show are exaggerated , they all carry a dose of reality . Should there be strange noises and electrical failures during the midnight shift ? Probably not , but any hotel employee knows that midnight shifts are as weird as they get . Would rebellious staff members assemble a mock wedding at a guest 's request ? Highly unlikely , but I 've been asked by a guest for stranger favors . Would hotel staff and guests have fraternize , flirt , and have private get-togethers ? Well ... yeah , I 've seen that happen.HOTEL BABYLON treads a very delicate between a variety of genres . There are gut-wrenching laughs and moments that elicit small smirks . The drama can be very serious , but it 's never cyncial or mean-spirited . The show is sexy , but not pornographic . The music is sometimes classy , and sometimes deliberately pop.What keeps HOTEL BABYLON captivating , however , is its truthfulness to the world it creates . The acting is very strong , the photography is incredibly stylish -LRB- Guy Ritchie - take notes ! -RRB- , the characters are portrayed more with conviction than mockery , the production is top-notch , and the adventures -LRB- even the crazy ones -RRB- are so well-paced and structured that you just ca n't help but go along for the ride.People who 've worked in a hotel will appreciate the outlandish circumstances this staff can be put in , and how ridiculously dedicated and knowledgable the staff are required to be . And if you 've never worked in a hotel before ... after HOTEL BABYLON , you 'll appreciate the guest services provided and definitely be a better sport on your next vacation . Cheers!Give HOTEL BABYLON a peek . Considering my favorite shows are darker ones like THE WIRE and BATTLESTAR GALACTICA , this BBC gem along with the new DOCTOR WHO is a pleasant surprise .
 I discovered BBC programming after watching the excellent comedy series `` Coupling '' late one night on PBS . And I must say , the British have some outstanding shows . `` Hotel Babylon '' is easily one of hippest , sexiest shows in recent memory -- miles ahead of NBC 's `` Las Vegas '' . Of course much of that can be contributed to the sharp writing and attractive cast , as well as the sleek sets and gorgeous shots of London.Still , there 's a lot more to this series than meets the eye . Newly appointed deputy manager Charlie Edwards -LRB- Max Beesley -RRB- serves as the series ' narrator , navigating the trials and tribulations that the staff of the five-star property meet each day.Above Max is Rebecca Mitchell -LRB- Tamzin Outhwaite -RRB- , the Hotel 's general manager . She 's a gorgeous , confident woman who handles everything from `` ordinary guests '' to rock stars and even foreign delegates . Though highly poised on the outside , she 's hiding a number of secrets that are revealed as the series progresses -- among them the fact that she 's left her husband and is currently living inside the hotel itself.The supporting cast is as diverse as it is amusing . Guest concierge Tony Casemore -LRB- Dexter Fletcher -RRB- does everything from getting theater tickets and restaurant tables , to high-class prostitutes for the rock stars who inevitably arrive from time to time . Joining him at the front desk area is receptionist Anna Thorton-Wilton -LRB- Emma Pierson -RRB- , an old flame of Charle 's and a rather superficial social climber . `` Hotel Babylon '' alternates between the day-to-day grind of the hotel business to the persona lives of the characters . All of them seem to have secrets of some kind -- ones that eventually rear their ugly heads on the job . Of course , there 's also a good dose of sex , glamor and money , all of which make the series a pleasure to watch !
 After you watch a few episodes , it will be fairly clear to you who the two central characters are . If you enjoy a fitting but bleak ending , stop at Season 3 , Episode 5 . But if you prefer romantic comedies , view through 3/5 then skip to Season 4 , Episode 3 , as the final act .
 It took me about an episode and a half to fully be able to appreciate everything this show has to offer . The pacing is very well done . There is not a lot of downtime before character development begins automatically drawing you into the world that the characters inhabit . You immediately know which characters you are going to love and which ones you are going to love to hate . Working in the hotel industry myself in New York City I really enjoy seeing the characters go through the same trials and tribulations of the glitzy and glamorous world of it all if not a little more exaggerated and exciting . I particularly enjoyed the 6th episode with the crazy and eerie overnight shift . All in all I think that after reading the book this is about as perfect a representation of the material as can be made . I recommend the book and the series to anyone that works in a hotel or has ever stayed in a hotel . You will appreciate every episode for at least one of the subplots if not all of them . My only criticism is that the major story arcs that carry over from episode to episode develop a little slowly , but the payoff makes it all worthwhile . One more thing that I really enjoy is the soundtrack . It seems like the entire show is underscored with very nice music to help maintain the mood and create a perfect atmosphere to absorb you into every scene .
 Light hearted series - I loved it . Made me smile and look at Hotel life through a different window . Will definately get Series two
 This is a show about a posh hotel ... and it has enough scandal , sex and drama to satisfy any fan of British television . You 'll need a region 2 DVD player to watch this . But those are easy and inexpensive enough to find . One of my favorite shows ever is Footballers Wives and although this show does n't live up to that benchmark it still sizzles.One caveat is that the sound mixer for this show should be ashamed at themselves . The speaking track is low and muffled in many cases . The music track is booming and loud . It gets annoying because especially for an American viewer , it is hard to understand about a quarter of what is being said anytime there is music playing while characters are speaking . -LRB- which is almost always -RRB- This is one of the most poorly mixed shows I have ever heard in terms of the audio ... it is almost like someone made this on a laptop . The audio engineer really screwed this up . It makes the show very hard to watch because extremely hard to understand certain characters , especially when things are spoken in hushed tones or whispers . They put music -LRB- loungy heavy bass music behind the showe almost always.Beyond the terribly destructive audio , the show is interesting . The characters are ones you can invest in . A witchy manager , a slick assistant manager with a troubled and mysterious past , a lothario bartender , sexy cleaning lady , old school doorman , conniving ex-girlfriend front desk manager and a capable but somewhat shady concierge who steals the show . The guests who check into the hotel pose certain problems ... rockstars , suicidal guests , high class call girls . Each show usually focuses on 2 or 3 of these guests and their problems along with the drama between the staff . It is a good balance of humor and drama and each show is a nice escape where you can get involved in the plotlines and characters without suspending too much disbelief.The resolutions of the episode ... how they wrap up the storyline ... is usually pretty predictable and too cutesy . But this is a small part of the show . I made it through the first season and enjoyed it but to be honest , I do n't know how many seasons I could invest myself in watching the same environment . Also , British luxury hotels are a lot different than luxury hotels in the USA . I ca n't help but think when I watch this how gaudy and cheap the hotel looks . It is supposed to be a creme de la creme top of the line luxury hotel ... however , here in the USA it looks sort of seedy and tawdry and not at all luxurious . Think lots of neon , grey and red . I think the set design does the show a dis-service ... but then again , I 've stayed at a few hotels in the British style that were very expensive and very tawdry looking.Overall , a good show with interesting characters and sort of interesting storylines . I do n't know how many seasons I could watch this ... but I guess Bad Girls focused on a prison and made it to 7 or 8 seasons . So we will see . Another good British drama with sexy story lines and plenty of plot twists . Anyone who can give me some recommendations on more British soap style dramas like this would be very helpful . I have seen all the Footballers Wives and Bad Girls . I am thinking my next show might be Mile High ... but would love a Brisith tv show in the veign of FBW . This is as close as I 've come so far .
 I 've watched this before and I come back to it often enough that I felt that owning it was worthwhile - watching it is like having a drink while listening to smooth jazz -LRB- if that 's your thing -RRB- or some really decadent dark chocolate in front of a fire -LRB- if that 's your thing -RRB- ... there 's something delicious in the way the characters handle all the -LRB- sometimes touching , sometimes silly , sometimes suspenseful -RRB- situations , so smoothly , handling guests in such a way that they do n't know they 're being handled . I aspire to deal with office politics and ruffled customers the way the staff of Hotel Babylon do !
 Great character development . A must see , each show built onto the next . Some of the characters you `` love to hate '' and they play the part so well ! The great British humour shines through . I had to order the next series right away !
 I just finished watching the last episode of series 1 of the Hotel Babylon program . For the most part , since there are some serious happenings sometimes , this is a fun series to watch . Lots of funny and naughty things going on.The hotel manager , of the five star Hotel Babylon of London , has husband trouble and you find out why in the last episode of series 1 . Her assistant has a dark past , but he seems to be overcoming it well . The concierge is a real sharp character . Front desk staff are very amusing . The bartender -LRB- Gino -RRB- is a very funny Italian guy . Housekeeping is run by a lady that has more than an eye on the assistant manager . Other staff provide good moments as well too.Guests come in all shapes , sizes and `` eccentricities '' . The guy in drag in the first episode was something else . The honeymoon couple who encounter a rat -LRB- supplied by staff -RRB- are not to be missed , as are many others as the episodes progress.In the last episode of this series , the assistant manager is shot , but he is still alive at least when the episode comes to an end . Guess viewers will have to see series 2 to see how that works out.This is a British series so be ready for edgy humor at times and some great fun as well . They throw in some serious stuff once in a while for good balance.I am looking forward to series 2 . I say give it a try !
 I 'm watching this series on Netflix while home sick with bronchitis . For the most part , I 've enjoyed it a very great deal . The show provides a glimpse into a fictional five star hotel in London , which is a world that I 'll never see behind from the perspective of an insider and probably wo n't see any time soon as a guest . While some of the capers and scams the staff and guests get up to seem a bit exaggerated for dramatic purposes , a lot of the stories do have some factual basis I 'm sure . `` Hotel Babylon '' seems to me to be a sort of combination of the much more inferior -LRB- and wholesome -RRB- `` Love Boat '' -LRB- with the regular cast being `` the crew '' interacting with various passengers and their storylines -RRB- and the superior British series `` Hustle '' -LRB- about goodhearted British con artists -RRB- . Stylistically , the series uses a lot of the same tricks that `` Hustle '' does -LRB- sped up action and other visual stunts -RRB- . The cast is superior and unlike some I actually like the character of Anna -LRB- maybe because she 's so pretty and has that sexy British upper class accent -RRB- . The standout characters are Charlie , the super-concierge , and Max , the hotel manager.The plots are fun most of the time with one of the best being when an all star British soccer team visitsThe only major negative I would give the show is when they decide to have a plot that sends a sometimes overwrought political message :1 . a preachy episode plot about illegal aliens featuring a heartless immigration inspector2 . an episode plot featuring a Bosnian Serb war criminal whose resolution has the cast arguably colluding in a kidnapping and probably murder3 . an episode plot that decries child labor in the fashion industryAnother fault is that the characters lie to each other an awful lot and I think that would pretty much erode trust and friendships.But overall , I 'd say that if you can suspend disbelief some , it 's worth `` checking into '' Hotel Babylon for a little fun . Just remember `` What goes in Hotel Babylon , stays in Hotel Babylon . ''
 Hotel Babylon is not just good TV ... it 's great TV !!!! The show features some incredible acting from Tamzin Outhwaite -LRB- formerly of EastEnders , a BBC soap -RRB- and Max Beesley -LRB- from the ill-fated movie `` Glitter '' starring Mariah Carey -RRB- . The show could make for a great drama series , but I felt that it is a mix of a drama , comedy , and soap opera all mixed into a great BBC show . The show aired on BBC America for a while but did n't get around to seeing it . I can now say that I got the DVD set and all the episodes are great . The season finale was an interesting to watch.The show reminds me of Hotel which aired on ABC from 1983 to 1988 . The reason ... Hotel was set at a fictional San Francisco hotel as Hotel Babylon was set at a luxury five-star hotel in England.I recommend this DVD to anyone who is willing to watch a great show from the BBC .
 As the show raved ... `` After all we are a 5 star Hotel ! '' , I could n't agree more with that sentiment with my 5 star review for this deliciously naughty , funny , sad wonderful mix of a show . It 's one of those shows that sucks you in like a good book and before you know it it 's over . Truly an awesome show !! must , must watch , you 'll NOT be disappoited ... I promise : - -RRB- My only disappointment is that it is no longer on the air , so that 's why you must own it like I did !!! : - -RRB-
 I happened upon this show by accident and what a wonderful surprise . Smart , Funny , and it does n't take itself too seriously . I 'm watching the 3rd season now and I 'm totally addicted . Give it a shot and I 'm sure you will be too.It 's the best show you 're not watching !
 I recently discovered this show 2 years ago on BBC America and its so addictive ! I wish I could find the soundtrack to this great show ! I highly suggest everyone to watch this show , Im not kidding I havent seen anything like this , its slick , glossy , glamorous , funny , serious , suggestive !
 I am currently researching the hotel industry when I stumbled upon this series . I immediately took a chance and was more than satisfied to know that my gut instinct was right . The coolest thing about this series is that it is something that my fiance and I are heavily addicted to . The drama is quite intense and very entertaining . The one thing that kind of irked me was that Charlie was not as tough or outspoken as I would have liked . He was great with the guests but in regards to the staff and his boss he was a bit too reserved for me . I highly recommend this series and ca n't wait to see what happens in Season 2
 Great series with a great mix of comedy , drama , and romance . The characters have a great chemistry and the supporting cast just adds another additional reason to watch .
 Joy in God -- necessary ? Or simply optional ??? John Piper explains why that if Christ is to be the sun at the center of the solar system of our lives , then He must also be our supreme joy over all other `` lesser treasures . '' Glorifying God can only be done from a heart that is glad in God . Deep joy in God is the true foundation for all obedience ; treasuring Him over all things is the only Christ-exalting motivation to endure suffering ... especially to willfuly choose suffering.Show it to your Youth Group , Men 's / Women 's Group , or Home Bible Study . Set your church ablaze with a passion for the glory of God , in the supremacy of Christ over all things in this world . Everything being fueled by a Spirit produced joy and satisfaction in the Lord Himself -- to His praise and renoun!Only because of grace , -- Jeffrey
 Piper has a passion for the glory of Christ that is contagious . I 've watched these videos multiple times and glean something from it every time . Amazing that he presents this MEATY material to a youth group and they are transfixed the entire time.I do n't really care for the youth interviews , but I understand given the format of the original presentation . I 've used this in a men 's group and all enjoyed the material and we had some great discussions.I 'd recommend to anybody . The humility and genuine concern of Piper toward his audience is refreshing against some of the other more famous `` christian leaders '' today .
 I am so grateful for the Blazing Center DVD and the exceptional price . I enjoyed immensely seeing the dynamic presentation by an author I have read for all these years . I would love to see this DVD given to many of our grandchildren .
 This is a wonderful DVD for teens and adults alike . This is my second purchase of the same DVD so I can loan it out to anyone who wishes to watch it - and be changed by it .
 Just received this DVD set and can not wait to begin this study . John Pipers books always challenge me and friends have told me this is an excellent study .
 Wow , what people will do behind jealousy and revenge - there are some doors you should not open , and if you do - be prepared for what you find behind it !
 I have seen all the movies that are made about our beloved Saint , but this is the best . This was even better than `` brother sun and sister moon '' . Well done . Except a few minor points , the story follows the life of Saint Francis . This is a must see , for those who love Francis .
 Excellent movie . Top quality screenplay , impressive actors . The movie is based on true facts , so it is not a fantasy film . Highly recommended to see.Thanks to everyone who was involved in the creation of the film . God bless you all !
 In a world where media is dominant this movie is so refreshing as it chronicles the agony of a person who yearns for God . Watch it ! 0 : -RRB-
 If all you care about is slick packaging and color video , by all means pass on to the thoroughly acceptable color DVD from the Broadway Theatre Archive , but if you want to see Richard Brinsley Sheridan 's classic Restoration Comedy , THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL , performed by a theatre cast which would be hard to beat , this wonderful production starring a very young Joan Plowright and the always wonderful Felix Aylmer -LRB- do n't miss him in the theatrical films of Bernard Shaw 's THE DOCTOR 'S DILEMMA and SAINT JOAN -RRB- should be on your shelves . The smash hit 1963 Broadway production -LRB- recorded on Command Records -RRB- with John Gielgud and Ralph Richardson * may * have surpassed this production for polish , but I have yet to see a film or video production which could.Sheridan 's play premiered in London during the spring of 1777 , and was playing in New York before the final shots were fired in our War For Independence . I 'm having trouble finding the exact date of the broadcast documented in this Video Yesteryear release -LRB- and how I wish the packaging on more video releases from even more `` upscale '' releasers included such important information -RRB- , but this video gives you the feel of what our founding fathers -LRB- and the British officers occupying New York for most of that war -RRB- must have enjoyed when it was new - the very graininess of the released film contributes to the illusion - and reminds us as effectively as the wonderful 1776 musical that they were actually flesh and blood people too . What a pleasure to share a high pleasure like this with them .
 A crisp production negotiated with wit and flair , this delicious confection offers a tantilizing glimpse of the mores and manners of Sheridan 's 18th century England . Guided with a sure hand by Michael Langham and Nick Havinga , this handsome production is well paced , wittily acted , and far worthier than the sneering commentary of the reviewers below would have you believe .
 I pity the kid who picks this up in lieu of Cliffs Notes . Several scenes have been excised . Or rewritten . Or placed in different sequence .
 I am a jogger from Minnesota and I needed an exercise tape for inside when the weather prevents me from jogging . I have just placed an order for my second Cory Everson 's Total Body Workout as I am fearful that my first one will wear out . If inside exercise generally bores you to tears , Cory alleviates the problem.This is a fast paced workout with enough variety to keep you entertained . She includes a warm-up and cool down , trouble zone toning , strength training , step training and circuit training , everything a woman needs to maintain a healthy body in just one hour . It does require a step , for step aerobics , and hand held weights , but there are no gimics , no annoying music or irritating voices just a thoroughly enjoyable workout .
 The combination of spot-toning , weight-training , step-aerobics and circuit-training make this the most enjoyable tape I 've ever exercised with . If you find aerobics tapes boring , this is the workout to do . The exercise changes during the course of the workout definitely keep this tape from becoming a mundane routine . Excellent !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This video hit all the spots most women have troubles with . Cory 's videos are really good . She 's very positive . I weight train 4 days a week and do Aerobis on my alternating day 's , this is a great alternating day workout . It is also good for beginer 's . I 'm a certified personal trainer and have been exercising for 17 years not to many workouts are really a challange , still looking for one . If you 'll try this one you may like it , it 's great for starters . Keep Moviated ! Good luck !
 If you do this video regularly , you will see results . I 've used it before on weight-loss plans and I have always been able to see my body change . Because of the warm up and cool down , I never got sore . And even when I was 150 pounds overweight , I could still do the video . It 's my all time favorite .
 I wore a previous VHS tape out so I needed a new one . Good workout and fun . I 'd recommend it even if it is a VHS .
 Earlier this year I made the decision to become a real estate agent . Due to previous experiences in other lines of work and the fact that I have yet to find a job that pays anywhere near what would merit the astronomical cost of my education I am very careful . I am immediately skeptical of anyone who wants me to pay them to enhance my career . When I came across Mario 's videos on youtube it was very refreshing . There were no bells and whistles or promises of a program that would make you rich , just a friendly looking man sitting in his home office doling out advice . I am honest and straight forward by nature so I was interested in seeing what Mario was all about . This DVD takes his youtube videos a step further and spells out several fantastic ways to be spending your time during your first 30 days as a real estate agent ... . Also , Mario left his office and moved to a fancier studio to produce the dvds . I 've got some great ideas from watching the DVD . Even if you have been in the business for more than 30 days it might be a good idea to check this one out to make sure you are on the right track .
 As a real estate agent just starting out not long ago , I was in need of guidance . I found Mario Jannatpour on YouTube . I can not say enough about how excited I was to find him . So inspirational and helpful ! I feel like I have succeeded in many ways because of him . Thank goodness he is still at it , publishing even more material ! This Dvd will bring so much knowledge and inspiration to you as well ! Just give him 30minutes of your time and you will be hooked ! Great Role Model , Great books , Great DVD 's ... 5 STARS !!!
 Mario has done an amazing job with his book and now has done it again with his professional and well-thought out videos . I 'm going through the process of transitioning into this field , so the information which Mario provides hits the nail on the head . He 's given me lots of great ideas on how to get my business off the ground in the 1st 30 days and beyond . Mario has been in this business for over 10 years and continues to share his best practices over the years . This video would also benefit veterans in the field as well as it can spark new ideas on how to grow your existing business . Mario explains how to take advantage of social media , creating your own blog/website , and eventually promoting yourself via Youtube ! I 'm on to his next video !!
 Clear , concise and most importantly low to no cost ideas for beginning agents . Basically all the things I wish someone would have told me in my First 30 Days . Even if you are past your first 30 days , it 's still great info and things you should be doing to grow your business . I 've been in real estate for 11 years and Mario Jannatpour 's ideas and tips spark new ideas for my business !
 Another fantastic video in his new DVD series - you 're starting off in a real estate career , what now ? In the same friendly , personable manner you 've grown accustomed to in his Youtube videos and Sellinginsite.com , Mario offers advice , tips , and activities you can get started on in your first 30 days as a real estate agent . You only have so much time , and this video will help teach you where to focus your attention to get you on the right track to success . It 's a step by step action plan from someone who 's been there before . Whether you 're just starting off , or your real estate career needs a reboot , you 're sure to benefit from this video . This DVD , in addition to the others in this series , complements his book `` The Honest Real Estate Agent '' - well recommended , if you have n't yet read it !
 Mario lets you know what do to be successful in the beginning and what to stay away from . He lets you know that a career in Real Estate is easy to get into and even harder to stay in over time , then proceeds to lay out a 14 point program to follow for success .
 Fine . Boys and the toys or trains I forget how many times kids can watch a movie and then watch it again
 My five year old loves Thomas and this video is one of his favorites . Thomas is enjoyable for young children .
 Great DVD . My three year old ca n't get enough of Thomas and the trains on the island of Sodor .
 My son loves this movie because it includes clips of Day Out With Thomas and features real kids talking about their favorite parts of Thomas movies or Thomas characters . Great for the toddler crowd !
 My son enjoys watching Thomas and Friends . It 's one of the only shows he will sit still for . Having 10 years of the best shows for him to watch is a joy and a treat for him.Thanks again , James Rivers Jr. .
 Kids loved it ! It was a nice addition to the grandkids Thomas train set . They watch the video everyday !
 This was a great gift for a great price . My nephew loves it . He watches it over & over . I bought some other Thomas the Train gifts to go along with this DVD and it was a great hit . The product shipped on time & the quality was great too .
 apart from it arriving broken the first time , my kids are loving this DVD , which I alternate with the other I purchased to keep my own sanity . This DVD has created a Thomas fan out of my 3 1/2 yr . old daughter as well .
 Well , as you know , Thomas & Friends
 Our two-year old grandson loved this - and we enjoyed watching it with him . Some good lessons to be learned by any age !
 My 3 yr old grandson loves Thomas and all his friends . . we play it over and over again everyday along with 6 other Thomas videos
 Bought it for my 2.5 year old niece and she loved it . Dinner got easier with this disc.I think it should work fine for just any kid that age .
 My youngest grandson is into Thomas and he will watch this video as well as others over and over as long as it is Thomas and all his friends .
 I bought this as a gift for my friends son and he just loves it !
 My grandson loves Thomas The Tank Engine and with the help of the DVD 'S that I purchased they just add to his adventure `` s with Thomas .
 Four DVDs in the `` Thomas & Friends '' series are sure to delight young viewers ages 2 and up with the exciting adventures of Thomas the Tank Engine and his transportational friends . Each affordably priced DVD features narration by celebrity George Carlin , roughly 40 minutes of short stories , plus another 60 minutes of bonus features such as sing-along songs , DVD games , and character galleries . `` A Big Day for Thomas '' covers Thomas ' adventure when he gets to pull his very own train for the first time ; `` Trust Thomas & Other Stories '' follows Thomas ' discovery of a new way to cross a river ; `` Percy 's Ghostly Trick & Other Thomas Stories '' is a spooky adventure in which Percy 's mischievous trick to make Thomas believe in ghosts backfires when Percy puffs into a big pile of hay . `` Thomas & The Special Letter '' sets up a conflict with George , a bad-tempered steamroller convinced that roads are more important than rails . Since the many stories on each DVD are so short , they can be shown to young people who have only a few spare minutes , such as right before bedtime , or all at once . All collections are sure to entertain and recommended for public libraries and family collections alike .
 Our 3-1/2 year old will watch this 24/7 if you let him . Great fun for the kids -LRB- which is nice for mom & dad too -RRB-
 My 4 yr old loves Thomas . This dvd has over ten shows and even more . I love this dvd .
 This is a great dvd and well worth the price ... . fast getting here as always ...
 This DVD is the `` Commemorative Collector 's Edition '' of the * 10 Years of Thomas & Friends * video that was released in 1999 , and comes with a wooden Alfie vehicle by Learning Curve . It includes footage of the `` A Day Out with Thomas '' event held at the Strasburg Railroad in Pennsylvania , during which children selected their favorite episodes for inclusion in the video.Since the episodes contained in this DVD have been reviewed pretty thoroughly for the VHS version , I wo n't comment too much on them.Both the image and sound quality on the DVD transfer are fairly good . The DVD programming , however , leaves something to be desired . You can not skip the logos and ads at the beginning of the DVD , nor forward through Sir Topham Hatt 's introduction to the DVD features -- at least , not on my DVD player -LRB- I was able to skip and fast forward using WinDVD on the PC -RRB- . The `` Bonus Features '' are rather unexceptional . The `` Build an Engine '' game is best suited for young preschoolers
 First of all , let me say that I love Thomas the Tank Engine . My 6-year-old son has loved Thomas for 3 + years running and I am very grateful for all the good times the three of us have had . That having been said , this is a compilation VHS . You will not find any new stories on this one . However , it is worth viewing -LRB- and getting , if you do n't have a big collection -RRB- if you have children . We got this as a gift from friends , so having duplicates of the stories was not a big problem with us . Interspersed between the stories is what seems to be an advertisement for the `` Day Out With Thomas . '' It is interesting to watch , but is not informative for one actually thinking about participating in one of the programs.ABOUT THE STORIES : The 10 stories -LRB- 4 more than the usual offering -RRB- featured on the video are as follows : Thomas & Bertie 's Great Race
 My son really liked this as it shows some scenes from Thomas ' Day Out which he could relate to having been before.The footage is mixed in with Thomas episodes and interviews . The brief interview sections did ` nt really hold his attention but the rest is really good .
 My son has several of the Thomas DVDs , and while he 's just as content to watch any of them , this is his favorite . The episodes with Bertie and Terrance are great . Overall , a wonderful collection of earlier Thomas narrated by George Carlin . The interviews with kids are cute and provide more than just the usual shots of various engines . I find this DVD better than the `` Best of '' engines ones because of the variety . Plus , my son has no clear favorite and enjoys watching them all .
 Marking the 10th Anniversary of Thomas videos -LRB- certainly NOT the stories themselves -RRB- , this sampler covers a fine cross-section of Thomas adventures -LRB- though they are presented out of order -RRB- , musical numbers -LRB- all catchy and certain to infect your child 's brain along with yours -RRB- , and interviews with people of all ages visiting `` A Day Out With Thomas . '' I was fortunate enough to catch one of these outings a few years backs , but since I am a parent of a child with a severe developmental disability , I got more of a chance to `` experience '' the day on the video than I did in person.Anyway , this is a nice hour of Thomas magic and a good introduction to see whether Thomas is right for your child . Highly recommended here .
 My son loves this video !!! He keeps asking to see `` big Thomas '' - he enjoys the stories , but really loves the scenes from the Day out with Thomas !
 Good video for the kids . The only thing I did not like are the in between interviews between stories . I would have liked everything to flow easier .
 Rupert Graves is excellent in this . Ordered this a long , long time ago .
 Ripe political satire is experienced in camping Cosmos during 1986 where the apathetic beach campers are more interested in the beauty contest , the closeted gay exercise coach , eating french fries and watching soccer games on the big screen TV than the tirades of a visiting writer along with a frustrated anarchist and his former girlfriend who is also a terrorist sympathizer . The writer gets a pie in his face in a radio interview and the anarchist finally gets a hearing of his propaganda between rounds of a boxing match . Two youngsters fall in love at a sweethearts dance . Of course , the big draw to this film is a brief appearance of late adult film star Lola Ferrari who made the Guinness Book of Records title for having the world 's largest breasts . The fantasy scenes featuring her are more attractive than you would expect .
 I loved the music , the actors and the story the scenery and the chemistry between the two leading actors . SRK is lovable and his acting is always superb whatever role he plays .
 This is a tear-jerker mixed with humor . A lot of rough patches for this couple but do n't let that scare you off because there are also a lot of good times , too . I watch this movie often as I am a hopeless romantic and I thoroughly enjoy the music and dancing -LRB- Hindi style & Pop Rock mix -RRB- , plus it 's worth wading through the tears to get to the fun parts . It ends the way a typical relationship of this type would , but that 's not exactly a bad thing in this case . I recommend it to everyone .
 What an amazing & beautiful story of a couple so much in love , but struggling to show it to each other . It 's so easy at first , but as we all know , you have to WORK at marriage to make it last .
 Shah Rukh Khan is my favorite actor . I enjoy seeing Rani Mukerji paired with him . This film was well done . It showed some of the difficulties couples might face after marriage . One thing that stood out to me , which bothered me , was that the `` in-laws '' of Rani 's character seemed prejudiced against Shah Rukh Khan 's character . I believe that once a family member has married someone , the rest of the family should be respectful and supportive of that choice and welcome and love the new spouse . Most romantic films focus on the relationship up until marriage , with the idea that the couple will live `` Happily Ever After '' . However , the reality is that relationships need to be cared for after marriage . And this film gives a glimpse into the reality of marriage .
 love it ... very touch.it 's to bad that in the dvd description does n't mention no subtitles
 Having read the reviews , I 'm glad I read them after I saw the movie . Had I read them before , I might never have seen this interesting little film.First , I will say that a lot of Bollywood films seem to start out funny and romantic , roping you into the characters . About half way through , they often get more dramatic , and here is where you get the meat of the story . Chalte Chalte was no different . I liked this movie . I always like SRK and RM , but especially together . They have a great chemistry . I liked that neither of the characters is flawless . People are n't . We all have sides to us that are n't particularly likeable , but it 's from there that we grow . Real love is taking the good with the not so good , and the relationship in this movie was believeable . I also liked the way it ended because people do n't change overnight , old habits do n't just disappear , although we may want them to , even desperately so . It takes time . I felt these characters would probably tackle their issues many more times in the future , but this round made them realize that they would have to work on it if they were going to stay together and make their dreams a reality . Well done .
 This is one of my favorite bollywood movies . If you 're a fan of Shahrukh Khan or Rani Mukerji you 'll love this movie . It 's interesting too in that it goes beyond the usual pretty love story . Where a lot of movies consist of `` boy meets girl , boy woos girl , boy and girl get married '' this movies looks at the question of `` then what ? '' I know some people have complained about the bickering in the second half , but I did n't think it was that excessive . The movie just portrays the usual silly arguments and misunderstandings that couples face.I 'd give the movie five stars but this particular product gets only 4 stars for the DVD quality . It 's definitely pixilated in parts , not the best quality picture . Still watchable , and I would n't return it , but wish the picture was a bit better .
 Not that any one cares at this point , but Amazon has the wrong description . There were two movies over time with the same name . The cover here is not the same as the description below . Enjoy !! Starring
 I really enjoyed this movie . Admittedly , it was about an hour too long but I am a huge fan of Shahrukh Khan and Rani Murkerjee so , I found it to be delightful . Sure , the plot is weak at times and I 'd recommend ` Kuch Kuch Hota Hai ' or ` Diwale Dulhania Le Jayenge ' over this anyday but still , it 's quite entertaining . The music in the film is simply one of the best I 've heard in any Indian movie , the singing ... the dancing ... EVERYTHING is so wonderful and will have you humming for days . The dvd also contains the music videos in separate chapters so that 's a nice addition . LOVE this film and I definitely recommend it . If you like the chemistry between Shahrukh and Rani , then you 'll love this one !
 Having reviewed a few movies for Amazon.com , I thought I knew something . I DO NOT ! I started watching Chalte Chalte as a critic-wanna-be , not as a viewer . Although there are some genuinely sweet and funny scenes in the first half of this film , I saw no reason to have two high-powered actors -LRB- Khan and Rani -RRB- in what initially looks like a well done but kinda milk-toast production . The first half of the film is the fantasy of falling in love and getting married . Then I got hooked . The second half is the reality of marriage and learning to live together . Where there is love there is passion and sometimes fire!Khan turns in the acting performance of a life time in the second half of the film . At one point I was so mad at his character that I wanted to slap the snot out of him . Priya -LRB- Rani -RRB- delivers the much needed slap at just the right moment . Unlike some scenes in Hindi films where combatants miss by 5 inches it really looks like Rani lets him have one -LRB- in slow-mo , not really -RRB- keeping the scene real.Rani is her usual perfect self -LRB- Who would n't love her ? -RRB- and the supporting actors are excellent throughout the story - acting 5 . Although the music and dance scenes are good and integrated well in to the film , they are not -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- big-time productions leaving the urge to watch over and over such as in movies like Kuch Kuch Hota Hai , Bunti Aur Babli and Dhoom 2 - so 4 . The story does n't seem that unique but it is told well so - a 3 , maybe . It pains me to give this movie an overall 4 given the excellent performances of Khan , Rani and others so I give it a 5 anyway .
 I absolutely love this movie . These two stars have completely won me over -- I love their `` on screen '' chemistry . I rented this movie and loved it so much that I bought it -- unfortunately , it has no subtitles . I wish they did more movies together .
 If there were a recipe for the perfect romantic movie , this would be it -- all the right ingredients are mixed just so and the result is a feast of heady , imperfect love . Priya -LRB- played by Rani Mukerji -RRB- is upper-crust , Raj -LRB- Shahrukh Khan -RRB- is working class ; she 's polished , he 's brash ; and the two make an irresistible pair who ca n't resist each other , despite a mountain of obstacles . They find a way to be together , of course , and that 's where most romantic movies end -- but here , that 's only the first half . After they wed , they come down from the high of their dramatic courtship and discover marriage is n't all wine and roses . In addition to major personality clashes -- they ca n't stand the qualities they once loved in each other -- their different social backgrounds become a growing problem , and when Raj 's business runs into financial trouble and Priya tells a well-meaning lie to help him out , he stands to lose his wife and his livelihood . Mukerji and Khan -- who are frequent co-stars -- have never been more in sync as actors and never more convincing as lovers , whether they 're making each other laugh , cry , yell , or swoon . - The Bollywood Ticket
 I have fallen in love with this actor and I 'm not a kid . . I 'm 58 . . He 's so good . . This is another epic love creation with this beautiful , talented `` OMG '' sexy man . He can tear at your heart with just one look . He is so incredibly talented . In old Hollywood lingo he would be called a `` triple threat '' , meaning he sings , dances and acts like a pure dream . It 's really sad that Hollywood today ca n't deliver talent like this or movies that are such a joy to watch . Wow !
 I 'm a fan of `` Kuch Kuch Hota Hai '' and I love the actors Shahrukh Khan & Rani Mukherjee . I enjoyed very much `` Chalte Chalte '' . It was so simple and romantic . I love how genuine is the actor Shahrukh Khan . He makes me melt with those beautiful eyes . The movie really made me cry . It was so beautiful . The scenery was breath taking . I think Rani is such a beautiful woman.A very good actress too . I ` am looking forward in collecting more movies from India .
 My twenty-something son requested this for Xmas . He loved it andso does his huge crowd of buddies . It arrived quickly and intop shape . Amazon you are the best !!
 FUNNY PEOPLESTARRING
 I enjoyed ` Funny People ' because it was n't the typical silly comedy that has come out in over abundance lately . The film is much more serious than silly with good performances by all and has a sense of reality and truth throughout the story . Sandler leaves his goofy bag at home and lets his character become a more likeable and interesting person . The film avoids the many pitfalls of such films and leaves you satisfied and wanting more of these types of films . If you 're looking for an insightful film with some good laughs , you 'll probably like ` Funny People ' but it you 're looking for the usual Sandler shtick , you might want to pass on this one .
 First of all , the first half of this movie was hilarious but the second half of it went a little out of it 's way to be serious . Sandler 's character , George , is for the most part , likeable in the first half and you actually start feeling for the guy . The second half you start to realize that George has n't and wo n't change his ways . In other words , he 's still a jerk . But believe it or not , this does n't take away from the film too much . Adam Sandler is funny in his first R rated movie since way back in 1996 's Bulletproof . Seth Rogen was funny but not as funny as he has been in previous roles . Not to say he did n't do a good job , it 's just that that was the price to pay for being behind Adam Sandler . All in all , it 's still a hilarious movie and worth a see when and if you have almost three hours to spare .
 I really liked this movie . I also loved punch drunk love , another one of Sandler 's darker roles . I ca n't get how some people did n't find this movie funny . One reviewer said `` when I do watch something I want it to be worth while '' and then goes on to say how he wanted it to be more like 40 yr Old Virgin . No knock to 40yr OV , I liked that movie to , but , I think we must have different definitions of `` worth while '' . This movie is intensely funny , dramatic , sad , silly , complex , vulgar , and the list could go on ... It 's real life and I loved it.Doesn ' t hurt either the Leslie Mann is really hot and really funny too .
 Aww , poor fans of The Waterboy and Little Nicky do n't think Adam Sandler 's new movie is funny . Wah.This movie is not only one of the most hilarious I 've seen in recent years but one of the most moving.I love Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore too , but this is not like those movies . This movie mocks those movies . This is a meaningful work of art , not a passing fancy . These are well-drawn and well-acted characters -- Sandler 's best performance ever , as it is for Seth Rogen and certainly Lisa Mann . I love Apatow 's sillier comedies too -LRB- although most of his films do work on an emotional level -RRB- , but this is a nuanced and beautiful masterwork . Like a song by Loudon Wainwright -LRB- whom Apatow cites as a major influence in the liner notes to the Knocked Up soundtrack -RRB- , it makes you laugh , cry , and back again until your heart and stomach muscles are exhausted . It is also the most realistic depiction of the world of stand-up comics you are likely to see , and very revealing for that.If you have a functioning heart and brain you will love this film , and perhaps pity those who do not .
 This movie is n't the straight forward comedy that you 've probably been told it is but it 's a great flick none the less . The cast is all star as im sure you know . If you are a fan on the SNL group this movie wo n't leave you disappointed either.The acting can be stiff and some of the sets seem way too fake for a movie of this budget . The script seems like it was written like
 FUNNY PEOPLE is somewhat compelling and engaging film about a comic with a terminal illness that almost kills him and destroys his lifestyle and how he fights it and comesback to enjoy life , his friends and a beautifull woman he meets .
 Best depiction of comedian life I 've seen . Its not a funny movie and I think everyone should watch it that 's ever met a comedian and asked them to do something funny on the spot .
 This is a hilarious movie with a great message . This is definitely Adam Sandler 's best movie ever . This is a must see ! Great actors funny and touching with a great message .
 Yes I agree the actual jokes they use as stand up are pretty lame , but the actual story is great there is some funny parts but for the most its a good movie .
 This was an excellent movie . The right balance of funny and feeling . And SO many cameos . Worth watching for the surprises alone .
 Intelligent , funny , sad , real , with a terrific dramatic performance by Adam Sandler.For a lot of it 's length I thought it would be a truly great film , but some clunky , almostsit-com plot turns in the last 1/4 , a little too much length , and not-quite-there supportingperformances in key roles hold it back and keep it a very good movie , not a great one.None-the-less , far better than the often cold response in got in most of the mainstream press .
 I am a stand-up fanatic . I enjoy the alternative comedians and the culture that have been cultivating in NY and LA lately . I consume the content of stand-ups like C.K. , Cross , Tompkins , Glass , Jeselnik , Ansari , Posehn , Miller , and Holmes-to name a few . If you lean that way in your comedy preferences then my review will likely be applicable to you.I love this movie . You must go into it not knowing what to expect i.e. do n't assume you know the movie will have the same feeling as knocked up . The characters are hilarious in their struggles and their actors are superb . Great director , great cast , and a hell of an perspective on alternative comedy.Lastly , buy the collector 's edition . The bonus features are endless ! If the film brings you down and you consequently reflect negatively on yourself , worry not , the second disc will right you . Just read the disc content and you 'll be sold . Enough said .
 This film was really a drama , so , if you go in with the mindset that you are watching a drama , this film will blow you away.However , if you go into this film thinking it will be like 40-yr old Virgin or Hangover , then you will be disappointed -LRB- which is where all the low rated reviews come from -RRB- . This film does a great job of showing us the life of a Comedian/Actor who is dying from an illness.The film has a whole lot of levels going on which is over the head of most of the people who rated the film low.It is a comedic form of the movie Inception . You have actors playing comedians who have dual lives where they alternate from being `` on '' and `` off '' ... The problem is most people have a misconception of how comedians live their real lives.Anyways , great movie . Go in with the mindset that you are watching a drama and this movie will blow you away.enjoyamnightus
 Judd Apatow 's Funny People is going to divide audiences -LRB- it certainly has divided critics -RRB- . Those going in expecting a comedy along the lines of The 40-Year-Old Virgin , Knocked Up or any other of the films in the Apatow-verse will enjoy it but not love it . But that reaction may be more a product of the misdirection in the marketing of the film than anything else . Funny People is going for something more emotionally complex , and it succeeds on that count.Without dwelling on plot , the film focuses , by and large , on the professional and personal lives of a group of comics and comic actors at various rungs of the show business ladder , from Adam Sandler 's George Simmons , a hugely successful film comedy star who came out of the stand-up comedy world , to Seth Rogan 's Ira Wright , a novice comic who is drawn into George 's world , to Ira 's friends , who are his roommates , who are his competitors.The common thread running through these characters is anger and aggression , both explicit and sublimated . They steal jokes , jobs and women from each other -LRB- listed here in order of importance to the comics -RRB- . The relationship between the performers and their audiences is similarly complicated -LRB- it 's become a cliched observation that comics talk about `` killing '' the crowd -RRB- . Interestingly , although all the comedians share this anger and aggression , it 's only those who ride those dark emotions into similarly dark comedy that have preserved their spark . The farther the comics stray from their anger , the worse their comedy - as evidenced by Sandler 's character , who churns out family-friendly claptrap and co-star Jason Schwartzman 's Yo , Teach ! , a self-important sitcom -LRB- both brilliantly captured in clips woven into Funny People -RRB- . In Funny People , comedy is the universal language by which these emotionally-constricted characters communicate . There are awkward hugs and half-hearted attempts at compassion , but the most tender moment , coming late in the film , involves one character expressing love by writing jokes for another.All this aside , I do n't want to lose sight of the fact that this is a funny , entertaining , emotionally-involving film . But that said , in an odd way , Funny People echoes Martin Scorsese 's Raging Bull . Both films are about angry and aggressive people who channel those drives in socially acceptable ways . -LRB- Even more oddly , Billy Crystal 's horrific and mawkish Mr. Saturday Night attempted more overtly to be the Raging Bull of comedy , and the less said about that effort the better . -RRB- It was n't until the ride home from the movie that it occurred to me that the `` funny '' in the title Funny People could have two meanings ; there 's funny ha-ha , and funny-odd . Here , the people are intentionally , compellingly both .
 Funny people is not for everyone . It 's the story of a friendship between a hugely successful comic that hates what he has become and the bright eyed and bushytailed novice comic that he hires as an assistant . I liked the leisurely pace and low key nature of it . It was sort of a comedy that did n't have any big laughs to it but left me with a sort of pleasant introspection . It was a good story and was n't as crude as these movies often are . Adam Sandler , Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill all did fine jobs as did the all the actors playing Adam Sandler 's ex girl friend and the rest of her family . Very touching in parts . If this film was to be graded - I 'd give it a solid B. On the other hand - many of my friends and acquaintences would hate it . Their loss .
 ... and perhaps that 's what made it unpalatable to many of his fans . Characters are extremely well-developed -LRB- AND portrayed -RRB- , there is more heart underneath the expected `` potty humor ... '' if Mr. Apatow continues to grow as a writer , I 'll continue to watch his movies .
 This is by far Judd Apatow 's most underrated movie . I think that most people went into it expecting the typical Apatow fare , but were disappointed when they realized it was one of the filmmaker 's more mature efforts . The film has its share of laughs , as well as moments of sincere drama . Just put yourself in that mindset , and you 'll really enjoy this movie .
 I 'm surprised at how much I liked this movie . Adam Sandler plays a more serious/subdued role here -LRB- though the film certainly is not without its funny parts ! -RRB- it is of a more mature tack than some of Sandl3er 's other films , especially You Do n't Mess with the Zohan ' -RRB- If you like Sandler , you should enjoy this film , even though it is a little different from his usual work .
 Intelligent , funny , sad , real , with a terrific dramatic performance by Adam Sandler.For a lot of it 's length I thought it would be a truly great film , but some clunky , almostsit-com plot turns in the last 1/4 , a little too much length , and not-quite-there supportingperformances in key roles hold it back and keep it a very good movie , not a great one.None-the-less , far better than the often cold response in got in most of the mainstream press .
 Suprisingly good movie . One point off for being too long , as other reviewers have cited . But I loved the authenticity of this film . I knew well enough in advance that it was n't a LOL comedy per se , nor was it intended to be . But it felt very `` real . '' The walk up Runyon Canyon , for example . Want to know how many wan na be actors and comedians trek up that path and contemplate the pain of life ? A lot!I have to believe this was a tough role for Adam Sandler , and it was nice to see him put himself out there . If you doubt that he did that , look at his facial expressions . Well done , and I liked the cinematography as well . Finally , some insanely good cameos , with Eminem 's perhaps being the finest cameo moment of all .
 This is a very impressive movie , combining humor with a very realistic exploration of - yes - people . It is a very healing movie , which is appropriate to the plot but in a very unexpected way . Nicely done , well worth it .
 The last few projects from writer/director/producer / comedy guru Judd Apatow -LRB- Knocked Up , The 40-Year-Old Virgin -RRB- have been well-received by critics and audiences alike . Funny People is a bit of a departure from the formula established in the other two movies directed by Apatow . The end result is his most polarizing movie yet.Adam Sandler -LRB- Happy Gilmore , Billy Madison -RRB- stars as George Simmons . Simmons is a hugely successful comedian and actor who receives some bleak medical news early in the movie . This role was written with Sandler in mind , and his own film career somewhat parallels that of this character . After getting the bad news from his physician Simmons realizes that the last several years of his career have been incredibly unfulfilling.Seth Rogen -LRB- Pineapple Express , Observe and Report -RRB- is Ira Wright , a struggling comedian Simmons takes on as his assistant . Rogen lives with Leo and Mark , played by Jonah Hill -LRB- Superbad , The Invention of Lying -RRB- and Jason Schwartzman -LRB- Bored to Death , I Heart Huckabees -RRB- in excellent supporting roles . Schwartzman 's narcissistic D-level actor who is very proud of his starring role in the hilariously awful Yo Teach ... ! steals every scene he is in . Aubrey Plaza -LRB- Parks and Recreation , Mystery Team -RRB- is underused as a love interest for Wright . Aziz Ansari Parks and Recreation , I Love You , Man -RRB- shines as Randy , the hyperactive , raunchy comic who actually has a feature length film in development with Apatow . The supporting cast is definitely a strong point of this movie.This movie runs about 25 minutes too long , which is a real shame because it does a lot of things really well . Simmons and Wright go on a road trip to visit Simmons ' ex-girlfriend who he still has feelings for . Apatow 's wife Leslie Mann -LRB- 17 Again , Knocked Up -RRB- plays Laura , and Apatow 's two daughters play Laura 's children . This entire final portion of the movie feels a bit like a tacked-on Apatow family showcase . Having said that , Eric Bana -LRB- The Time Traveler 's Wife , Munich -RRB- plays Laura 's Australian husband , and he does not disappoint in this rare chance to display his comedic chops.This release is loaded with special features . An unrated , extended cut of the movie is included along with the theatrical release . The unrated cut just extends some scenes and is entertaining but not too much of a departure from the theatrical release . It runs seven minutes longer than the original version . Two gag reels , deleted and alternate scenes , and a commentary featuring Apatow , Sandler , and Rogen are all included . Additionally , a feature called Line-O-Rama is outstanding as it features some of the movie 's funniest scenes , with the actors ad-libbing punch lines rapid fire . There are four documentaries in this release , one of them chronicling the career of the fictional comedian Randy , played by Ansari . Another documentary is about Apatow 's high school radio show that featured interviews with many famous comedians . The Funny People Diaries is a four-part documentary which delves into the filmmaking process.Funny People is a very polarizing movie . People I have talked to who saw the movie in theaters either love it or really dislike it . It has real characters and an engaging plot . Watching Simmons ' relationship with Wright blossom over the course of the movie as he comes to terms with his own mortality is a real treat . Sandler has n't looked this good in years . While full of humorous moments , it lacks some of the over-the-top hilarious moments that Apatow fans may have come to expect from his movies . However , this movie is extremely honest , and that is becoming more and more of a rare commodity .
 My wife and I watched Funny People tonight on PPV . It was better than I expected . Back when it was in the theaters , I joked on Twitter that it should be called `` Funny '' People . While the observation underlying this criticism is indeed correct - that is , a dramatic representation of comedians misses the mark when the comedians fail to say things that actually make people laugh - there were enough dick jokes to give the story some verisimilitude . The only truly funny person in the movie is Jonah Hill , and following his character would have been way funnier than observing the golly-gee-shucks Seth Rogin be the bitch of the I-hate-everything Adam Sandler . Aziz Ansari is in it as well , and he plays a stand-up , but he does n't do anything than anyone else could n't have done . Also , Jason Schwartzman plays a womanizing sitcom actor ; I think that he has forgotten that he got famous by playing Max Fisher and instead he thinks that he was Jordan Catalano.The business about Adam Sandler 's character being diagnosed with a terminal illness left me neither shaken nor stirred . It might be that he is too abrasive to elicit sympathy , or , more likely , his wealth , which the movie showcases gregariously , makes it impossible for the audience to really pity him , no matter how much his character is desensitized to how awesome it is to be rich and famous . His wealth and his fame - and the women that wealth and fame get him - form the basis of Seth Rogin 's character 's admiration of him , which is sad , because I would hope that an aspiring stand-up would seek to emulate a comic celebrity because that celebrity is particularly funny , not because he has a big house , a fancy pool , and extra televisions on the wall -LRB- BTW
 One of the best surprises of 2009 is this beautifully written character study of comedians with subtle but realistic humour and original narrative . The Blu-ray transfer is gorgeous , which is very important because the producers have taken great lenghts to photograph the film in a very cinematic way . This is not a typical script with predictable motivations and predictable story development , it has an original voice and at 2 and a half hours , it takes itself quite seriously.I do n't give away plot points in my reviews , I just share key factors of the films ' strengths , as per example the way it 's filmed and the way the story is told . Funny People succeeds on all counts and at the same time is one of the most entertaining films you 'll ever see ! This is a journey worth taking in the world of movie-making and definitely Adam Sandler 's best performance and the most interesting character he 's ever played since the film SPANGLISH . Also a very juicy part for Eric Bana in a supporting role that he conveys with great energy and will be remembered for years .
 This is a great movie , flaws and all . While I give it a very solid 4 stars , it was rife with 5-star moments many of which come in the form of very funny moments especially if you like stand-up , vulgarity and all . Adam Sandler is a funny guy on and off stage and there is quite a bit of on-stage time here . This movie was so much better than some of the tripe he 's done -LRB- Billy Madison , Anger Management , etc -RRB- and is in the league of some of his better work , closest in tone to say `` Punch Drunk Love '' - a great movie . This movie is not quite the seemless piece of art/drama/comedy that that one was , and it suffers from flaws . `` Meandering '' as some have put it does accurately describe the second half somewhat , though I still found it interesting and entertaining.The other reason it 's good is the subject matter it deals with . Yeah , it 's been done before - man finds out his life 's due date is approaching - but it was fun to see Sandler do it . I mention this 'cause I just saw a Michael Douglas movie which had a similar theme -LRB- The Solitary Man - also not bad -RRB- . I think this is a fascinating topic -LRB- and a brave one -RRB- for Hollywood to dig into . I find movies that consider these themes educational and therepeutical in the highest sense . And I give credit to this movie for being so simultaneously funny and thought-provoking . There are some other gems as well , speaking of therepeutic - a thought coming from the Australian husband who said `` Underneath anger is hurt , but underneath hurt is love '' - bang ! Hit that nail on the head . I suppose people know that already , but for him to realize it right at that moment was an enlightening epiphany -LRB- both for him and for me -RRB- . To sum up , it 's not a movie without flaws but if you like a sly sense of humour and do n't mind movies that go beyond slapstick , give this one a try . Sandler is in good form and the guy that plays his hired friend -LRB- and his friends as well -RRB- did a pretty decent job in a movie that I found at least entertaining . Or should I say most importantly , I found it entertaining .
 Funny People was n't very funny and in the moments when it was funny it was funny in an awkward , uncomfortable , squirm-in-your-seat sort of way . However , what the movie lacked in humour it made up for it with intriguing characters , a twisted plot , and a touching drama.The story of a comedian facing his demise is something of a cruel joke and Adam Sandler plays the character well . He alternates between being a great , friendly , likeable guy and a disenchanted , grumpy jerk . I think this is one of Adam Sandler 's best and most complex roles sincePunch-Drunk Love -LRB- Two Disc Special Edition -RRB- -LRB- Superbit Collection -RRB- . Seth Rogen and Leslie Mann also deliver great supporting roles to help flesh out the movie . The bit part played by Jonah Hill is also endearing.While Funny People makes an interesting drama it starts to drag its heels towards the end and the movie could 've probably been twenty minutes shorter and just as good . The amount of the time and the depth dedicated to the romantic subplot between Leslie Mann 's character and Eric Bana 's character is a bit unnecessary . I get that they 're married and that it poses a problem , but I do n't need the details and those details did n't add much , if anything , to the movie . -LRB- And frankly , it could n't have been that important to the movie since I do n't even remember those characters ' names . -RRB- The movie is best at the beginning and when it sticks to the main storyline of George 's eventual demise.I 'd recommend this film to Adam Sandler and Judd Apatow fans as well as viewers who enjoy dramas . If you 're looking for laugh-out-loud moments and non-stop jokes , this is n't the movie for you . But if you 're a fan of films likeJuno -LRB- Single-Disc Edition -RRB- and other uncomfortably-awkward movies , this might just be the movie you need to watch.I was happy this movie was a rental and not one I had purchased . It 's not something I 'd enjoy watching repeatedly , or pull out again on a sick day to watch , but it is worth renting and watching once .
 ` Funny People ' is a masterpiece . A tender , profound , truly moving and deeply human story that has a great abundance of depths , it is also often indeed very funny . A story about a rich , successful , comic actor who has lost himself -LRB- or never found himself -RRB- it deserves to be a major global hit , and I suspect the only reason it is n't is that it is if anything too perceptive and subtle for the market at which it seems to have been intended . The script is witty , endlessly inventive , the direction and the story itself give you a sense of watching a slice of life more than a heavily plotted tale -LRB- though do n't worry , there is plenty of story going on -RRB- . The acting is wonderful
 The Bottom Line : Funny People is certainly too long -LRB- though so was Knocked Up , if push comes to shove -RRB- and often feels incomplete -- as if the director had n't quite decided which scenes to cut and which to leave in -- but it 's worth nothing that the film develops real characters and puts them through a storyline that does n't rigidly follow the romantic comedy template as Apatow 's previous works did ; it may be a film in which Apatow 's reach exceeds his grasp , but it 's also the first time he 's reached high in the first place .3 / 4
 Very funny movie Sandler and Rogen have a hilarious chemistry throughout the movie which makes for some very memorable comedy .
 I did n't have any expectations before I viewed this and I have to say that it 's not nearly as bad as some reviewers claim . It 's more of a drama than comedy and I get the sense that is a lot in this movie which is pretty accurate with regard to Adam Sandler 's real life . I 'm giving it 4 stars because it kept me engaged throughout .
 Judd Apatow has made a name for himself in producing and directing amazingly hilarious , raunchy R rated comedies . While he 's had a long career which includes the well reviewed and prematurely cancelled TV shows Freaks and Geeks and Undeclared , his name really came into prominence when he produced the movie that launched the leading man career of Will Ferrell in the 70 's newscaster spoof Anchorman
 Funny People
 Funny People stars Adam Sandler as an old pro comedian , along the lines of , say , Robin Williams , who learns that he has a fatal disease . Because of this diagnosis he decides to go back to his stand-up comedy roots and does a bitter and depressing impromptu set at The Comedy Club , which is where he got his start . While there he sees Seth Rogan , a newbie comic starting at the bottom of the ranks and working in a deli during the day . Sandler likes Rogen 's set and asks the Rogen character to write jokes for him and be his assistant.The movie is fairly raunchy , both in the stuff that happens in the lives of the characters , and in the material they use on stage , so if you 're easily offended , stay away . As a once-upon-a-time aspiring comedian , however , I found the look into the lives of beginning and old-time comedians educational . It felt to me that this is the way it probably is for a lot of comedians . There are Rogen 's comedian roommates , Johah Hill and Jason Schwartzman , the latter having a lead role in a B-level sitcom -LRB- Yo , Teach ! -RRB- , the fame of which he uses to screw everything that moves -LRB- though he has a 10-day rule to give Rogen a chance , which makes me laugh , just thinking about it -RRB- . Sandler has the same propensity for using his fame to his sexual advantage , which is probably why at this stage of his life he has no family and no friends , friend being another thing that could be added to Rogen 's job description.There are tons of cameos including one by the glasses-wearing , Eminem , who bullies an innocent , just-standing-in-line Ray Romano.So , get it if you 're a fan of stand-up or any of the actors -LRB- Leslie Mann is Sandler 's old flame and Eric Bana is her new husband -RRB- . Stay away if you 're offended by lots of swearing , raunchy jokes and behavior , and an over-all lack of morals by most of the characters .
 I think the reason this movie got a lot of flak from the majority of the viewers is because it was unlike ANYTHING they had expected going into the movie . People saw the cast - Adam Sandler , Seth Rogan , Jonah Hill , etc - and thought this was going to be a `` laugh-out-loud '' slap-stick comedy that would be reminiscent of Apatow 's previous hit movies.Funny People is hilarious , but it does n't ultimately give you the same experience as `` 40-year old Virgin '' . The humor is dry , mostly sarcastic and as well it should be . Remember , folks , the comedian is DYING . Supporting actors who are also real life comedians perform stand up in the movie and it 's funny . Some people may be disappointed with the stand up routines , but again , remember that the comedians are SUPPOSED to be struggling amateurs , trying to make it big . I still think it 's as funny as a stand up routine should be.Don ' t hate this movie because it paints life in a darker , and more realistic picture . There ca n't always be sunshine and rainbows .
 This film is remarkable for just how much it blurs the lines of reality in the service of fiction . Apatow and Sandler have have been friends for a long time and lived with each other for awhile on the comedy scene . The movie opens with vintage footage on his offtime from the Ben Stiller show . That being said there are certain things known to be different from Sandler and his character , but you do wonder how he feels about the negative aspects of fame and fortune . I would say most of those things are true for him , but he enjoys it more . The other younger characters are there to show you the way it is from the ground up and Apatow has interesting things to say about it . Jason Schwartzman 's character says so much about ambiguous nature of fame that 's out of your control . He 's made a rich man by doing clearly bad work , created by bad writers , but in the service of supposedly being hip and socially conscious . What 's he to make of it , though , when he 's rewarded for being terrible and consenting to it . It 's hard for people who even recognize this , to not become conceited and that 's exactly what happens . The film makes an interesting rumination on things people hardly consider when trying to make it in show biz , you take what they give you , not necessarily what you want . Technically , it makes that statement about life as well and for those who do n't find it funny even though it does achieve that , if you go back it does make that statement repeatedly . I enjoyed it from front to back .
 Any churlish citizens waiting for Judd Apatow to make a bad movie in the wake of his successful and solid first two -- 40 Year Old Virgin and Knocked Up -- will be disappointed by Funny People . It is very , very good , emotionally satisfying , funny on a number of nicely nuanced levels , and best of all , a film aimed directly at grownups . Of course , anybody who 's watched a film from the Apatow cabal with anything like a discriminating eye will have noted a consistent theme -- underneath the extremely crude sexual and scatological humor , male bonding and fantasies of perpetual adolescence lies a call for responsibility , wisdom and discretion . Very cannily , Apatow recognizes his audience and does n't disappoint ; he draws in the beer and bong crowd with the promise , always delivered on , of rude hijinks and memorably pornographic dialog , then delivers the medicine . Boiled down , his message is this
 I bought this for a Christmas present for my son . It arrived in perfect condition . He loves Adam Sandler and collects all his movies .
 After the success of `` 40 Year Old Virgin '' and `` Knocked Up '' the honchoes allowed auteur Judd Apatow to indulge himself here . `` Funny People '' as at once ambitious , epic , and borderline self indulgent . I was going to dismiss this flick as a noble failure but something about it resonated in my self-conscious . My main gripe was that the film 's main character , George Simmons -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- , was an overbearing narcissistic heel . But it dawned on me that this was purely intentional and that Apatow and Sandler are taking a leap in expecting their audience to accept this reality . This is a hard film to like but ambitious viewers should admire what Apatow is attempting here . In this epic of sorts Apatow gives some choice parts to the immensely talented Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill and they run with it . It 's kind of like Sandler is passing the torch or at the very least sharing the spotlight with these newcomers . Debits here are possible overlength , too much scatalogical humor , and a touch of nepotism in the casting -LRB- Leslie Mann , Apatow 's wife , and his two daughters are prominently cast . Lot 's of delicious cameos my fave being Ernest Thomas , `` Raj '' from `` What `` s Happening '' as a television school principal .
 I enjoyed this movie a lot more than I thought I would . It is unique . I felt like I was getting a different look into the world of comedy . Adam Sandler does a great job of portraying a cynical , cold , veteran king of comedy who has had it all and done it all -LRB- not too much of a stretch -RRB- . The supporting cast is pretty good , and the comedy within the movie seems real enough , but I really enjoyed Sandler 's performance for most of the movie . The only problem I have really is the fact that for me the buildup and climax of the movie was the weakest part of the film - a little boring and overdone , though it ended strong afterward . I found Seth Rogen to be good in some scenes but also boring in others - he seems better suited to play a more raunchy and cynical character himself rather than the relatively innocent guy he tries to portray here.This is half drama and half comedy , not a `` mainstream '' type of movie , but Sandler 's performance anchored the film and I recommend it.Oh and - minor spoiler here - I absolutely love that the late , great Warren Zevon 's `` Keep Me In Your Heart '' is the one song that broke through George 's veneer . That was a great scene .
 If you like films like `` As Good As It Gets '' then I thinkyou 'll be pleasantly surprised at how well-done this film , `` Funny People '' is.I do n't give 5-star reviews lightly . While not rivetingthis film is highly engaging due to richly developedcharacters who visibly grow and change during the course.Plot-wise the film goes in unexpected directions . It ` slong at 140 minutes , and does tend to be sort of episodicas if the director could n't bear to cut out some scenesto make it a shorter , lighter film.As it is the film mixes comedy and drama deftly andthe director evokes nuanced performances from the wholecast . Sandler has n't been so good since `` Spanglish `` and never so daring - here he goes to some dark places.The darkness of some of the `` comedy '' here may turnsome folks off and the broad use of vulgarisms makesthis film inappropriate for youngsters . If you ` resensitive to cussing , scatological wisecracks , course depictions of sexuality , then you probablywo n't enjoy this much . There 's not much nudity , ifany , but some of the language is pretty coarse.I laughed and I was moved in other ways . This isa film about stand-up comics - who are often acerbic , alienated , witty , and sometimes cruel .
 Though Adam Sandler stars in this film and this perhaps is his most-diversified role to date -LRB- this or ` Punch Drunk Love ' take your pick -RRB- , this is not really a ` Sandler film ' but really an ` Apatow ' one ... and not in the exact variety of '40 Year Old Virgin ' or ` Knocked Up ' mind you . ` Funny People ' is a -LRB- very -RRB- full-bodied -LRB- and smart -RRB- DRAMA first and foremost but without ever voiding the plot of Apatow , and Sandler 's , comedic sensibilities which are still seen and felt throughout ; still a FUNNY movie underneath it all . I call it Apatow 's BEST film and it 's quite a shame it actually LOST money at the box office ! Perhaps it 's the way the film was advertised or the expectations movie-goers had going into it ; or maybe even the LENGTH of the film . To those who say it ` went on too long ' SO do n't appreciate the artistic statement at hand ! The whole ` extended ' sequence involving Sandler and Rogen 's characters visiting the former 's ex -LRB- Leslie Mann -RRB- / staying in Marin County is what MAKES this film ! A more-than-2-hour film is ONLY a ` bad idea ' if it 's a BAD or mediocre film . If you 've only seen it once and were n't satisfied , do yourself a favor and see it at least a couple more times . Like ` Freaks and Geeks ' ten years prior which gained much belated acclaim in all the years since it unjustly/criminally went off the air after only 18 episodes , this one shall become more and more appreciated in the years/decades to come as well .
 I loved this movie , as I mentioned above . I laughed a good bit , and it stirred my feelings of empathy for imperfect people which , you 'll agree , is one of the best things in life . I liked most that we spend enough time with the characters that we get a feeling of actually knowing them . But , you know I have n't watched it over a year , so maybe I 'll like it less next time . Or I wo n't watch it again and just keep my memory of LOVING IT .
 This is the perfect movie for people who love the ways of show business and are interested in an actors day to day life . It is interesting what goes on inside a celebrities mind . Adam Sandler plays his role perfectlt but the story is just really wierd . But the movie still has hilarious parts .
 A funny emotional bro-mance . I started getting lost somewhere in the middle mainly because I thought something different was about to happen but I liked how it ended .
 this is a great movie its not 40yr old virgin funny or knocked up funny but its a pretty good movie alot of famous ppl in it has alot of good funny parts 2 it . the only reason i think its not really funny is because theres none of those funny parts like knocked up of the 40yr old virgin has . dont pay attention to the reviews rent the movie or something if u like it buy it .
 I am big fan of Judd Apatow 's work . i went into this hearing that its not like his other movies , that it has a more somber , serious tone . so my expectations were tempered . I liked it , i do agree with some other reviewers that it was probably a little too long , which is why I take off one star . But if you go in knowing this isnt a 40 year old virgin/knocked up style comedy then you wont be disappointed . with that being said , i can see why some people rated this poorly if thats what they thought they were going to see going in .
 Great Film . Most of these other reviewers are drones . Everyone that actually knows what good film is should rate this movie 5 stars to cancel out the other reviewers , who were probably expecting a movie with one liners and gimmicks .
 I was prepared to be disappointed , wasting another 2 hours of my life on yet another cookie cutter Hollywood product . The movie , while about half an hour too long , was quite entertaining , making you feel privy to the inner workings of the strange world of Hollywood . It was well written , funny , but not immature , at least not more immature than the actions of the characters , which felt real rather than scripted . Overall , a strong addition to the recent spate of good , mature comedies coming out of Hollywood - I am thinking Forgetting Sarah Marshall , Hall Pass , etc. .
 I rented this movie on a whim and was pleasantly surprised ! This movie was very funny and REAL ... I could actually relate to the characters and would recommend it to people who like realistic comedy vs. the typical Adam Sandler movies .
 So I just watched Funny People . For a movie that has an all star cast , it was a great movie . If you want to see a movie filled with laughs and a good story pick this movie up . I promise you wo n't regret it .
 Shin Chan is a strange little boy . This second season is even weirder than the first . It 's fun though , and the theme song gets stuck in your head .
 If you loved Drawn Together -LRB- American animation -RRB- and other such fare you need to have this . If you are PC sensitive this is not the anime for you .
 Absolutely love this show ! I about died when they took it off Netflix , but now I can watch it anytime
 I love this show . It 's got ta be one of the most enjoyable feel-good shows ever . And one of the funniest . Shin is hilarious ; a witty little 5 year old kid obsessed with poo . To be honest I find all of this friends annoying though . The parts focusing on Shin and his family are the best . Anything Shin says or does is hilarious . This English version is the only version of Shin Chan I 've ever seen , so honestly I couldnt imagine watching it with a Japanese or any other audio track . The voices of Shin and most of the other characters are perfect to me . I cant imagine it any other way , but I suppose if you became accustomed to the japanese version , for example , you might not like this . I myself am disappointed there is only 3 seasons dubbed in English . I would buy every single season if they would make more . Ca n't recommend it enough
 It 's Thomas ! Kids love it . I can tolerate him better than Barney or those Wiggles . Still sounds so odd to hear George Carlin narrating a children 's movie ...
 As usual , Thomas and Friends are entertaining in all the best ways for kids ! Good lessons and good fun .
 It starts off a bit slow , but once the product placement jokes start it takes off .
 The BEST in the Killer Tomatoes quartet of movies , a classic comedy spoof . It can be sad -LRB- laughs -RRB- , funny -LRB- laughs -RRB- , and overall enjoyable . Seriously though -LRB- laughs -RRB- , its a great movie . Even though it IS low budget , as the film shows boastingly , it is an instant classic .
 I LOVED this movie ! I thought it was really really funny , and Anthony Starke ... THUD ! One of my friends had to hold me back from the tv when his shirtless scene came up ! Great movie ! Most people would think that it was too silly , but , hey , it ; s funny !
 AN UNFORGETTABLE FILM ! Yes , I am not kidding , and I am not drunk ! Okay , it 's an extremely silly comedy , drawing from the same vein that was later tapped in `` The Naked Gun '' films . John `` Gomez '' Astin & a young bohunk named George Clooney give memorably hilarious performances . Those elements would make the film a delight . This film REALLY stands out when the movie is shut down due to lack of funds . Only blatant product placement can keep this production going . This was a heckuva plot twist for a mere 1988 B-movie , and its rip-roaringly zany execution deserves more accolades & cult appreciation than its received . It took me years to find a used VHS tape of this movie , which was my holy grail of 1997 . Discovering this DVD was a dream come true for me .
 The Tomato Menace continues to threaten in this movie . The mysterious , beautiful new girlfriend of the protagonist , Tara , loves to listen to the Farm Report in the morning . Her best friend is the sentient FT -LRB- Fuzzy Tomato -RRB- , who she tries to protect from one Doctor Mortimer Gangrene and his sidekick/assistant , the blond surfer-type dude known as Igor -LRB- only without the hunch -RRB- . If I remember , this is the first movie that introduced the creator of the Killer Tomatoes . Whenever someone calls him a mad scientist -LRB- unless I 'm confusing it with the cartoon series -RRB- he always says `` I 'm not a MAD scientist , I 'm an ANGRY scientist ! `` John Astin -LRB- Addams Family 's `` Gomez '' -RRB- really makes this movie and the other two sequels to the original cult classic special . IMHO , the sequels are better than the original , but I do own the complete set and am entitled to my opinion . ; - -RRB-
 I thought I was getting the original but this is just as good . The movie came in less than a week and in the condition described .
 Great ` old school ' campy horror/humor . Just plain fun to watch . Glad to see the Tomatoes on DVD . A must have for us old ` B ' movie aficionados .
 A sequel of one of the great midnight movies.I did n't think much of the other reviews . I had seen Attack of the Killer Tomatoes '' , thought it was a funny , cute , and a little zany short . Figured , what the heck , it 's Sunday , nothing going on , got control of the TV away from my son and Call Of Duty 3 , and I want to watch something mindless . This movie was a good pick . It was fun , well written , and very entertaining . Give it a shot .
 Alright let 's see `` Return of the Killer Tomatoes ! '' is the second in the Tomato series . Now the DVD is one of the only out there so this is all you get until a special editiion or something comes out -LRB- but I doubt it -RRB- . Coming right off of the first it wo n't be entertaining but the second and third time around it will grow on you -LRB- like the first ! -RRB- this movie introduces Dr. Gangreene -LRB- John Astin -RRB- along with Igor -LRB- forgot name -RRB- and Lt. Finletter -LRB- Steven `` Rock '' Peace reprising his role -RRB- and Anthony Starke as Chad Finletter . All the villains in this movie and FT will be in the rest of the series so like them or hate them that 's what it is . The tomatoes this time can turn into certain people by ... -LRB- wait for it -RRB- MUSIC ! Yeah and the all look like Rambo spoofs -LRB- nice touch -RRB- this time around the attack is small time but would 've gotten wide scale if Gangreene accomplished his plan . Again , this movie is a funny romp of cheese so do n't expect a masterpice unless this is your category of films . * !!! SPOILER ALERT , SPOILER ALERT !!! * I forgot to say but at the end of the first movie a carrot pops out of the ground and says `` Alright you guys they 've gone now . '' And with the second movie we have the two guys from the beginning talking near the end of the credits and you hear shooting . After the credits you see the two guys dead with bullet holes in them as the camera stops zooming out two giat carrots with Rambo-esque head bands and machine guns say , `` There will be no movie tom-ah-to . '' And you hear people gigling and the movie ends .
 This is IMHO the best of the 4 Killer Tomato flicks . We even get to see Gary Condit briefly -LRB- from the back -RRB- in the pizza parlor fight scene!Without spoiling the surprises , I 'll just say that the movie features a very sexy tomato who was once a real tomato .
 If you are a fan of campy cheesy films then you will love these filmsthey come in their own regular dvd case in a cool little beer case box
 Yes , it 's been a decade since the killer tomatoes first reared their plump , juicy heads . The world is in desolation , reduced to eating pizza without tomato-based sauce ! Now , Professor Gangreen -LRB- John Astin -RRB- is breeding a race of tomato / human hybrids -LRB- who all look like Rambo -RRB- in his bid for world conquest . Can he be stopped before his army of tomato-supermen destroy us ? Can we withstand the product placement involved ? Although I 'm partial to the first movie , I do like this sequel enough to recommend it . Gangreen is a nice addition , and the idea of seeing George Clooney in a killer tomato movie is funny enough in and of itself ! Watch for the beautiful tomato-babe -LRB- Karen Mistal -RRB- and her shower scene ! E-gad ! ...
 This was one of my favorites when I was younger . Still hilarious . How can you top a mad scientist trying to take over the world with tomato people ? Oh yeah , Full Contact America 's Cup Yacht Racing ! Just the sea under you , the wind in your sail , and a couple of Sidewinder Missiles . That sport from this movie is my favorite part bar none ; I would love to watch that sport!The only ones who can stop the evil schemes of Dr. Gangreen are George Clooney , a pizza delivery boy , a smoking hot tomato woman , and a fuzzy little mutant tomato named FT -LRB- Fuzzy Tomato -RRB- . This is an over the top funny move that takes multiple opportunities to make fun of itself and it 's budget , even running out of one money to complete one scene . If you like comedy like the Naked Gun then give this a try .
 This is one of my favorite comedys/spoofs and it 's finally coming out on DVD ! This is a hillarious film . It 's about a mad scientist who is turning tomatoes in to perfect replicas of humans . It is up to the tomatoe with a hart , Tara , her tomatoe frined Fuzzy Tomatoe -LRB- F.T. for short -RRB- , a pizza dilevery college student Chade , and his friend Matt -LRB- played by a young George Cloony -RRB- who is calling himself Rob Loa to get hot girls . This is the type of spoof that just gos and spoofs anything in sight , product placement , bad dialog , and the list gos on and on ! This comedy ranks up there with Airplane . Highly recomended !
 This movie is hilarious and it really is a classic . Watch it
 Return of the Killer Tomatoes is hilarious . Anthony Starke is great . J. Stephen `` Rock '' Peace is back as Lt. Wilbur Finletter . This is the best movie in the Killer Tomato Triolgy .
 This is a weird , weird movie . The best of it 's kind
 The pack includes : Elvira - Mistress of the DarkReturn of the Killer TomatoesTransylvania 6-5000Return to Horror HighSleepaway CampVampGreat classics , with all the cheese you need!No Extras other than theatrical trailers .
 You know the movies , and if you 're looking at this page , you probably love them . The bottom line is , you get 6 classic campy DVDs , in their own cases , for a good price . Some of these DVDs are hard to find on their own - I personally had been looking for Return to Horror High for quite some time , before I decided to get this set . It 's well worth the money - you wo n't be disappointed .
 Probably the best of the 4 part Killer Tomato trilogy . Like Mad Magazine , it 's chock full of sight gags , sound gags , satire and clever humor . This was George Clooney 's first full length film and compared to the first killer tomato movie , the acting is pretty darn good throughout . Wacky satire at it 's best . Next best tomato movie is `` Killer Tomatoes Eat France '' but it 's not yet on DVD .
 Return Of The Killer Tomatoes is a film about many things . Product placement , TV news , big breasted babes in bikinis , Michael Jackson , Miami Vice , the Pope , scams , peanut butter on pizza and many other fads of the 80 's . Starring such greats as George Clooney , John Astin and , of course , Karen Mistal -LRB- who has the best bottom of any B-movie actress I have ever seen -RRB- this is NOT as funny as the first but still has a ton of laughs within its many scenes.But under all the humor is a serious view about how people felt about the last , closing years of the Cold War against Communism . In a time when the Red Menace was seen as giant ants or aliens from space the director was brave enough to show that not all Communists , who were represented by the tomatoes , were bad . Chad , the always confused main male character , falls in love with Tara , a tomato-woman -LRB- but then who wo n't fall in love with a smart , willing , good cooking , great dressing tomato ? -RRB- . And FT , played by FT , -LRB- who as we all know become a huge star in the film industry as while as live theater in Europe -RRB- , starred as the socialist with a heart of gold , who was even willing to put his own life in danger for the American way of life . THIS is a B-MOVIE to beat all B-movies . And remember , Tomorrow IS another day !
 I bought this as an xmas gift for my brother and he loved it ! It 's a great package of cheezy horror films from the 1980 's .
 AN UNFORGETTABLE FILM ! Yes , I am not kidding , and I am not drunk ! Okay , it 's an extremely silly comedy , drawing from the same vein that was later tapped in `` The Naked Gun '' films . John `` Gomez '' Astin & a young bohunk named George Clooney give memorably hilarious performances . Those elements would make the film a delight . This film REALLY stands out when the movie is shut down due to lack of funds . Only blatant product placement can keep this production going . This was a heckuva plot twist for a mere 1988 B-movie , and its rip-roaringly zany execution deserves more accolades & cult appreciation than its received . It took me years to find a used VHS tape of this movie , which was my holy grail of 1997 . Discovering this DVD was a dream come true for me .
 but you never should ! This hysterical film cuts through the dry humor of the original Attack of the Killer Tomatoes to give you one laugh after another ! What happens when you make half of a movie and run out of money ? What should happen to people caught smuggling ketchup ? What exactly do you do when you find out that your girlfried is a vegetable ? These questions and more are answered in this fantastic movie !
 I own a VHS version of this movie -LRB- a really cheap version -RRB- and I think it 's a bit better than the original . We get to see a young George Clooney is his `` Facts Of Life '' pre-ER era . John Astin provides a few good laughs as an evil scientist too . It 's still a stupid Killer Tomatoes movie but there are some very funny moments and not-too-subtle jabs at commercialism . There 's even a scene where our hero halts the movie and starts complaining about the blatent product placement . Just like the original it 's all in the name of silliness.I just hope this DVD is a good transfer as my VHS copy is practically unwatchable .
 This movie is great ! It has every video category in it ! It all starts when evil Professer Gangreen -LRB- John Astin -RRB- makes a machine that can make tomatoes anyone . While he plots his evil plan pizza makers Matt -LRB- George Cloony -RRB- and Chad -LRB- Anthony Starke -RRB- are living peacefully making non tomatoe pizzas -LRB- included Jam instead of sauce -RRB- . Later Chad meets Professer Gangreen 's assistant -LRB- Karen Mistel -RRB- who is just a tomatoe in human form ! Will Chad and Matt save the world from Professer Gangreen or will the girl of Chads dreams end up a tomatoe ? You 'll have to buy this movie to find out .
 In every way , ` Return of the Killer Tomatoes ' is a far better film then the classic original . The characters , ranging from John Astin as the evil mad scientist , his clean cut news anchor servant Igor , and George Clooney in his first film role , are hilarious . The plot is more involved and understandable , and the jokes fly fast and furious . One thing potential buyers should be aware of is that this film , like the original , is presented in the fullscreen format common with straight-to-video productions , which this almost certainly was . A great film , a better sequel , and well worth the few dollars it costs .
 A great , silly film . I must have watched my tape at least 30 times by now , and it 's still hillarious every time I see it . Bring on `` Killer Tomatoes in Space '' !
 I saw the first in the series . It was ok , but other than it being a cult film , it was nothing to write home about . ROTKT is a blast . They set up the movie to make fun of themselves - and they deliver . The co-star -LRB- her name escapes me -RRB- is a knockout . You 'll never look at another tomato the same!And watch out for those carrots !
 The deadpan expression of Tony Starke makes the offbeat script bearable . Great party movie . For a `` B ' movie , this beats a few recent `` A '' movies I 've seen
 Talk about a hokey plot and cheezy acting -- this movie is GREAT !! The 1980 's will never be forgotten as a decade of some really sad movies . My God does George Clooney look young and with that mop of hair ... . Ca n't wait to see The Killer Tomatoes take France .
 This is the best movie since Monsturds no wait this movie is better than Monsturds even . You will not find a much better than this film . The first film was n't even close to as good as this 5 stars way up for an excellent come back !!!
 IF YOU NEED A GOOD LAUGH THIS IS THE ONE . I DO N'T LIKE ANIMATED MOVIES BUT THIS IS SOOOOOOO FUNNY . THE CHARACTERS AND HUMOR CA N'T MAKE YOU FEEL SAD AT ALL . A GOOD FLICK AFTER A TOUGH DAY AT THE OFFICE .
 i havent gotten the tape yet but when i first saw the movie in theaters i was dying to get the dvd when it was going to come out well it has been like what 2 years ? since i saw it and it is finally here well you know this is goin be on my wish list for christmas lol
 Here it is . Another Sandler movie ... First `` Littly Nicky '' ; a movie I saw 3 times and bought on DVD because I liked it so much , yet critcics despised it . Why ? I have n't a clue . I enjoyed it . Then , there 's this Summer 's `` Mr. Deeds '' . Yeah , his most underrated one yet . It 's not his best , but I would n't have bombed it like everyone else did . Now this . A great Christmas movie . An animated Adam Sandler movie . Of course I did n't expect critics to like this . So I ignored the 1-Star rating in the newspaper , saw it with a friend , and laughed ... Davey , a 30-something Jewish man , who hates the holidays , once again tries to turn this season into another catastrophe . But this time he goes too far . He 's taken to court , where he 's sentenced to twenty years , but a little , fat old man stands up for him . He takes him under his wing , and promises to turn Davey into a normal person . Does it work ? Well , I wo n't spoil the movie , but you can probably tell anyway ...
 this is the best movie ever made and also the funniest comedy ever . it is truly adam sandlers best work with billy madison and happy gilmore close behind . every sandler fan will love it . my brothers and i definetly did . i actually laughed so hard i had a headache after it was over and now it wasnt because this movie was stupid .
 Adam Sandler has done it agian . No , not make another bad movie , but rather an interesting film about Chanukah and that other holiday . This movie will make you laugh , cry , and go home with a warm feeling in your pants .
 AMAZING , STUPENDOUS , HILARIOUS , FANTASTIC , BRILLIANT , WONDERFULLY ILLUSTRATED PIECE OF GENIUS . I love this movie muy mucho !! I highly recommend it .
 i think it is a great comidy just anther adam sandler if you dont like him then this prob isnt a great movie for you but i would still try it
 It was a gift for my husband who always wanted the DVD . It was great , and he watched it soon as he got it out the envelop .
 You have to realize two things to enjoy this movie.PG-13 films are typically not for children . Parents seem to think just because its animated means `` hey take the kids . '' Well how about we think a little BEFORE we go running to the theatre ? Complains about that are just unfounded . The rating says it all , PAY ATTENTION.The second thing you must realize is that this is an ADAM SANDLER movie , like his earlier films . Billy Madison , Happy Gilmore , all crude and rude , get over it . That was his style and he brought it back to make one of the funniest adult animated movies ever . The jokes here are classic , from whiteys seizures to him doing the robot in the middle of a basketball game . His sister eleanor has the cutest voice which I 've been imitating ever since I saw the movie . The townsfolk are a scream , with rob schneider as an asian waiter . and jon lovitz as a man with a hook for a hand . This is a very unconventional Hannukah movie for the holidays . Sure it 's gross , but if your offended than go rent the Ya Ya Sisterhood or some crap like that.This one is for the guys , not for parents or children . Next time read the rating before you complain . Do n't believe all the crap , this movie was HILARIOUS . If you like Kevin Smith movies or Adam sandler movies than see this and bust a gut laughing . -LRB- hopefully not literally -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this movie . Unlike The Wedding Singer , the humor was a bit more locker room gross-out , but like the Wedding Singer , it was filled with sentiment and heart . An angry Scrooge-like Jewish man learns to grieve , let go , and love the holidays again . No , it 's not for small kids . That 's why it 's rated PG-13 . Sandler shows tremendous talent and versatility as the voices of Davy , Eleanor and Whitey , the latter two being annoying elderly fraternal twins whom Davy grows to love despite their freakishness . Rob Schneider , Jon Lovitz , Kevin Nieland add their talent , as well as cameos by Tyra Banks and rock singer Ann Wilson as Davy 's mom . Alison Krauss lends her sweetness as the singing voice of Jennifer , Davy 's childhood love , now a single mom . The music is the most outstanding part of this film . The lyrics are silly and goofy , but also clever , and the song structures are dynamic and hooky , and will stay with you afterward . If you go into this movie realizing it 's not a white-washed Disney flick for the kids , but it 's a funny , sometimes gross , but sensitive Christmas story that tackles somewhat-adult issues , like why some people hate the holidays , I think you 'll enjoy it almost as much as I did . It 's also loaded with special features that are worthwhile , too .
 Okay , so the movie is crude and not suitable for kids . I have two things to say to that
 I make no secret the fact that I think Adam Sandler has inherited the comic mantle of Jerry Lewis , and I think Adam would consider that a compliment . Were the ghost of Lewis to drop in for a holiday screening of this film , however , I think he 'd say , `` It 's a good film , Adam , but it could have been great . '' How could it have been great ? With a little restraint , instead of playing for the South Park / Family Guy crowd , this could have been a family film . We desperately need a funny holiday special , not more schmaltzy ones , and this could have been it . Adam Sandler knows it too . He very much caught the spirit of Mr. Deeds . He shone in Big Daddy . He brilliantly calls his production company Happy Madison , saying heck if you did n't like Billy Madison -LRB- I did by the way -RRB- , and refusing to be typecast as Happy Gilmore.It also took guts to `` play '' Davy , not just voice him , as with the usual animation voiceovers . Davy is conflicted and Adam plays him that way . There are hints and tributes to `` It 's a Wonderful Life , '' but there are also echoes of a Jerry Lewis film called `` The Delinquent '' . This is a PG-13 film merely for the reason that Adam had the bad luck of working when films and TV lack the restraint and limits that Lewis and earlier comedians worked within and which make for great art.So thanks to that rating , kids wo n't get to see Davy struggle with tough breaks and big questions . Nor will they see the opening scene of a Chanukah menorah and nativity scene coexisting side by side . They wo n't even get to hear the third version of Sandler 's witty `` Chanukah Song '' . What they 'll get instead is more innocuous clones of someone saving Christmas by rescuing Santa Clause from the Martians or whoever his captors are this year.That leaves us with only A Christmas Story . Jean Shepherd , who writes his books for adults , restrained himself to make this movie family - friendly and came up with a holiday classic . Paul Reubens breathed new life into Saturday Morning by making Pee Wee 's Playhouse into a kids ' show . And when Davy -- I mean Adam -- decides to use his talents for kids , he 'll be another Jerry Lewis .
 This movie is absolutely hilarious . Although my friends are questioning my character -LRB- hah -RRB- for loving this kinda-gross , politically incorrect movie , it 's the best , and I watch it whenever I need a good laugh . It 's definitely not for kids though , and not for the sensitive . Oh , and if you ca n't stand poop , do n't watch it . Hah .
 I do n't know WHY this movie is getting so poo pooed , I 'm not a big Adam Sandler fan but I found this movie to be cute , funny & sweet!It 's a cartoon for God 's sake!I thought the animation was great and I adore Whitey ! Sue me but I for one LIKED THIS MOVIE ! Rasberries to those who OVER analized and critisized it !
 This is definitely one of the best movies I 've ever seen . Great characters , great animation , great story . It has a moral but is by no means preachy , and is very funny . I would reccomend this to everyone .
 This is one of the best idea 's in movie history and what 's good about it is they got Adam Sandler . If your looking for an animated movie to laugh at and not fell like a little kid get this movie is for you . What 's good about this is it 's funny and the animation is real good to . The one part you can enjoy most about this movie is it is PG-13 which is rare these days , people want to trip about it mostly parents and when that comes up you wonder if they ever heard of something like rating meaning they tell you who it 's for and everything cause it says it on the box it 's not for children . This is defiantly a movie to pass the time and escape with they guys who wrote this were daring which is a real good thing . I really enjoy PG-13 cartoon movies cause it can be fun and have a reason for it 's humor and it dose n't have to hold back . This is a real good movie so go and get it .
 Although , in a certain sense I did not like this movie - one thing that I did find that I did like was that it was entertaining . It 's a daring movie that take a rare look at what we 've been missing in today 's corperate - hectic -LRB- kiss butt -RRB- culture . And that is emotional honesty . It 's like a release , a drug , or even bad music that we enjoy because it allows us to express ourselves for who we know what we are to be what we are , and not necessarily how we act in everyday life . We definately need more movies like this -LRB- despite what some critics may say -RRB- .
 AS LONG AS THE PRODUCT IS WHAT THEY SAY IT IS , PEOPLE WILL RETURN TO BUY THE ITEMS THEY WANT ON HERE .
 I do n't think the others seen the same movie , to give it a bad review , this movie is very funnyif you love the wedding singer you will love this one , sandler all ways has all his friends in his moviesand he sings in his movies this is not that deferent , the art remind me of the Iron gigant another greatcartoon , one thing in a lot of cartoons you do n'tknow who the stars are un till you read the ending credits , but in this movie all the toons look and act just like the actorsso you look and say hay thats sandler , look its john lubics , look its the bumb from the wedding singer , the animation wasbetter then disney because each toon mimic the actors so wellyou for get that it a cartoon some times , and the Jewish dancethey did in the movie look so real.as for the songs they was made by adam him self the jewish dance songhe did was my faveorite , like all his movies it has a hart worming story , this one not that deferent , and to thosethat worry about if this movie is not good for the hole familyit was just like his other movies like the wedding singermr deeds , the water boy , if your family enjoy them they wouldlike this one , plus I seen it at the store two days laterI went to buy it I there was only two copey left , I was lucky to get it .
 I 've been an Adam Sandler fan ever since I first saw Happy Gilmore , but I couldnt help but notice that his last 2 movies , Mr Deeds and Little Nicky , really sucked . Sooo , I was starting to lose interest in him a little bit , and this movie would 've been my last trial on whether he 's still on my favorites list or not . Well , HE IS ! This is like a twisted , animated version of `` A Christmas Carol . '' Great songs , and classic Sandler lines!So if you 're a fan of old-school Sandler movies like Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison , see this
 This sounded like a VERY good movie when it was in theatres . Instead my friend and I watched Die Another Day . Adam Sandler has always been one of my favorites and I got a bit over excited about the previews and the fact that its animated . I havent seen it , but I know its a good movie . The CRUDE humor can appeal mostly to teens or children . Not much to adults . So maybe rent it if your looking for a big laugh or so . If you love this movie and seen it , then buy it . Its not like its a waste of money on a good movie like this .
 this is one of the funniest movies i have seen in a long time . the people that said it was bad dont know comedy . Its not supposed to be a feel good family movie , its supposed to be funny . and funny it was . buy this movie right now.if you dont buy it at least rent it . it is hilarious . you are not cool if you dont like this movie .
 Some people may say this was stupid , but i greatly disagree . I think this is one of his best movies , along with Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison . This movie worth the money .
 Hey everybody , Holiday time is coming and this new movie from Adam Sandler is one of the funniest movies I ever seen . I mean , how can I said this without giving much of the movie away ? Well Adam Sandler plays a 30 year old man who hates the hoilday season . This guy those a lot of bad things during the hoildays and his the type of guy that everyone hates , but yet from all his cruel jokes and pranks , his also the type of person that you love to know . So what I 'm saying is , go see this movie , its the best movie I seen this year . Oh also after the movie is done , stay after to hear Adam Sandler new Hoilday Song .
 This is an excellent movie . I love it more than any other holiday movie I have seen . The songs are comical and although past reviews have said they ruin the movie I would say they make the movie more enjoyable . What holiday show/movie does not break out into song in the middle of it . Great holiday Sandler movie
 Adam Sandler -LRB- the best comedian ever -RRB- is back again for the third time this year in Eight Crazy Nights . Davey Stone is a troublemaker in the town of Dukesberry . He is the master of mischief in the town . He hates the holidays . One day he messes up the whole town and is taken to court . There , he is given the choice of doing ten years in the slammer , or he can referee for youth basketball with the short man , Whitey . He chooses to go with the basketball . After a while , Davey starts a good relationship with Whitey . Will Whitey turn Davey into a good person ? See the movie and find out for yourself . Adam 's Biggest Fan -LRB- at least in MO -RRB- I 'm off to see it again .
 5 out of 5 . I Recommend this to Everyone . Adam did a great job on this . From the Voice Acting , To the Animation , to the Script , All were Top-Notch . A Classic .
 this movie was funny and it was emotional movie this movie is a good family movie
 Adam Sandler always makes me laugh very easily . I 've seen most of his movies -LRB- Big Daddy , Mr.Deeds , The Waterboy , -RRB- and now Eight Crazy Nights which I have been looking forward to for a little while . The movie is not just laughs but also has a heartwarming style apart from it 's constant crude humor . Adam Sandler does n't just play one voice in the film but three . Also doing voices are Jon Lovitz , and Tara Banks . The bad part of the movie is that it is a little too short . They moved from when the main character was bad and then the next scene he 's good . They could have shown what happened in that interval of time between his moods.The film is about Davey Stone -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- who used to be a great nice kid . Davey is n't the greatest person and gets drunk often and is overall not a nice person . His life changes when he rips up a bill in a resturant and rips the guy off . He gets sent to court and is about to be sentenced when Whitey Durvall -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- tells the judge that he could be a ref in training for the youth basketball leaque and Whitey 's partner . The movie spans through the eight days of Hankukaa and also how Davey has to change his life with the help of Whitey . Whitey 's story is how he is trying to win a patch for the person in the town who has contributed the most . The patch has been running for 35 years and Whitey has not won once.The movie has tons of crude and sexual jokes . In fact every single joke is crude but the movie is still funny and gets my recomendation.ENJOY !
 I have loved adam sandler ever since I first heard the song `` at a medium pace '' and have seen every one of his movies except punch drunk love :-LRB- which I plan to see -LRB- even though everyone says i wont like it -RRB- this is his BEST WORK EVER !! Adam Sandler is Davey Stone , Whitey Duvall , Elanore Duvall -LRB- Whitey 's fraternal twin sister -RRB- , and the voices of all the deer in the movie . Davey stone is a 30 year old jewish man who ca n't stand the holidays and sings great songs about it ! This movie has everything , a love story , a dramatical story , everything you could ever love about an adam sandler movie is here ! so bring it on DVD QUICK !! :-RRB- btw as a tip , the comentary on the little nicky DVD is to DIE FOR !! check it out adam fans ! thanks !
 8 crazy nights was a movie that was touching and hilarious . Adam Sandler was good and should be seen by families .
 Anyone who could watch that scene where Davey speaks on Whitey 's behalf at the banquet and breaks out into song , without splitting his or her sides should just give up now . When the Irish cop and the Chinese businessman break out in the traditional `` Bum Bitty Bum '' number and dance the turn of the century Eastern European Jewish dance number I thought I would laugh myself right into Creedmore .
 This movie is laugh out loud , bust a gut , pee your pants funny ! Holiday movies do n't get any better than this one !
 This is one of the best movies I 've ever seen . Its funny , gives you a moral and everything . The only people who hate this movie are smart jerks who have no sense of humor or people that dislike Adam Sandler b/c he is Jewish . I do n't know anyone that hates him . If you love to watch holiday movies during the holidays , this is one to watch . But it is n't for kids . It is a great holiday movie and a great movie overall . F*ck you if you hate this or Adam Sandler .
 This is a verry good movie . Although I would ' t call it Adam Sandlers best movie , it is really funny and entertaining . It 's a story about a guy that does n't like the holiday seasons .
 i do n't know why so many people did n't care for this movie . Its great . Evryone one elses re-veiws are wrong !!!! I would recomend this movie to anyone . Its not supposd to be taken seriously . Its a movie that 'll make you laugh . It was great . It had funny crude humor , but it is n't that crude . To many people take it seriously . I mean , if you saw a portal-poty rolling down a hill with a short white haird guy in it with cirus feet , you would laugh . Another thing that makes this movie so great is that adam sandler wrote the song . The music and lyric were smart/funny . Great film . I think he sould make another movie with whitey !!! AWSOME !!!!!!!! BUY IT !!!!!!!! 1
 OK , I 'll admit that this is n't the most appropriate movie for children , but then again , are n't most of Adam Sandler 's movies like that ? I think that 's what makes them funny ; the crude humor . That 's the problem with the movies coming out for kids lately
 I will admit that I am not an Adam Sandler fan , but I have to give him credit that this was a very hilarious movie . I was not expecting it to be any good , but it was very funny .
 when the movie starts , all you can think is '' this is the stupidist movie ever '' but as it went on i found myself being drawn in . i have to tell you that if you love adam sandler , this is worth it . its a typical adam sandler movie . if you dont enjoy his humor , its not worth it . but i can say that i have laughed hystericallly at movies before , but this is the first IN MY LIFE that has ever made my cry -LRB- from laughter -RRB- . i loved it .
 Have n't seen it yet , but my son worked on this movie and he did nothing but rave about it and Adam Sandler so it should be worth seeing . He said it is absolutely funny .
 The movie had some laugh out loud funny parts but it had some crude parts that I could have done without . It is an Adam Sandler movie so that should n't be shocking . It did n't take away from the movie and it had a touching ending so over all I gave it four stars .
 I always watch this movie around Christmas time . Obviously , not everyone will enjoy this style of humor , but I personally enjoy it . Lots of silly , stupid jokes with some touching moments thrown in there , before Adam Sandler 's movies were terrible . Haha ! The Two-Disc Special Edition is a nice set as well .
 Love this movie a lot !! One of my favorite holiday movies . It 's so funny and at the same time has a story line to go with it .
 I looked all over my home town for this movie nobody had I was starting to give up ! So my husband says try Amazon and wouldntg you know it there it was I was so happy ! The day I opened it I felt like a little girl on Christmas morning ! If you have never seen this movie I highly suggest watching it
 It was a good movie funny touching the whole nine yards . But on thing I did n't like is I teared up though almost the whole movie .
 Love it . Works great . Have watched several times on at least three different players . Would like to have more movies of Adam Sandle .
 Eight Crazy Nights was actually a very funny movie and will make you laugh . Yes like many of mention is has lot of crude humor and crosses the lines many times over in many scenes . I took away one start because of the scene when he pushes the old man down the hill in the bathroom . But I like rest of the movie and the ending was very touching when he opens the letter his parents left him and he cries and becomes the good guy again for the town . But this is not one for the young kids . But if you can handle some crude humor and some mild language then pick this movie up for a good laugh and touching ending .
 I have been a huge Adam Sandler fan for years . I love this movie it makes me laugh so hard . I would recommend it to anyone who wants a change from the same old same old holiday movies . Two thumbs up :-RRB- -RRB-
 I loved this movie . It was hilarious and Sandler 's fans especially will be cracking themselves up . I must admit that it is very crude at parts , so although the cover looks appealing for youngsters , it probably is n't suitable for the young ones . Although , I must admit that a lot of the jokes will go right over their heads.The message is good and the overall story has a message . I cried for Whitey , and I think any movie that moves a person to the point of crying is worth a watch . But it is HILARIOUS , from the triple breasted lady , to Whitey and his sister , to the deer -LRB- who 's significance I really did n't understand -RRB- . A must see for anyone < over 13 > with a good -LRB- but stupid -RRB- sense of humour and a desire for a couple of laughs !
 A movie that makes you feel a lot better about the holidays . Although not a childish movie , Eight Crazy Nights is a fantastic Sandler movie .
 I absolutley loved this movie . Even though it has the trademark Adam Sandler crudeness , it made me feel good and warm , just like all the classic christmas movies do . It 's not nescessarily for all ages -LRB- it does get pretty crude -RRB- but I 'd say 8 and up . I 'm definetly buying this .
 This movie is great , but having it on 2 disc special edition maked it even better . The special features are the shiznit .
 Adam Sandler is one of our favourite actors , and this is such a funny movie for all ages why would you not want it in your collection.Some may think its a bit much for children under 5 , But my children 9 + loved to see Christmas cheers and a drunken fool wake up to the real world and how not everybodys life is bliss.It was a great movie to laugh , watch and learn all in one .
 When I saw this movie in 2002 , I thought it was a masterpiece.I still do three years later on DVD.Let me give you some insite on the characters first.Davey Stone : The town drunk who drinks all his problems away and has been an alcoholic since the age of 12 when his parents were killed on Chanukah after getting hit by a truck.Whitey Duvall : An optomistic midget who is EXTREMELY behind the times , and is poised to win the `` Dukesberry All-Star Patch '' , an award given out at the annual holiday banquet.Also his feet are n't the same size and he 's covered with fur.Also frequently has seizures.Eleanore Duvall : Whitey 's fraternal twin sister who wears wigs and without them `` looks like an owl '' . Like Whitey , has feet the wrong size and is behind the times , example , she tries to cut a corn dog off the stick.Jennifer Friedmen : Davey 's childhood girlfriend who has recently been abandoned by her husband and is raising her son as a single mother.Is 33 and works at the Dunkin' Donuts in the Dukesberry mall.She , in most movie aspects , would be considered `` the girl next door '' . Benjamin Friedmen : Jennifer 's son , who throughout the film develops a friendship with Davey.Mayor Stuhy Duhy : The mayor of Dukesberry , who 's wife was once a man.Tom Baltezor : A man whose left hand is replaced with a pirate hook.The original winner of the 35th All-Star Patch , but gives it to Whitey.The Chinese Waitor : The waitor at the China Dragon , one of the more funny roles Rob Schneider has done in the past few years.Mrs.Selman : A woman with three boobs.Commonly refered to as `` Mrs. Triple Nipple '' . Now to the meat of the review , the plot in this movie is n't really that good , but not very horrible.The one thing that I like , yet dislike is the amount of music.I really do n't like having people break into song every 15 minutes or so , but songs in this are good.LISTEN!Even though this is an animated holiday movie this is n't for kids at all , the jokes in this are vulgar and crude , one example would be Whitey has his hand in his pants , and he says `` my finger 's in your mouth , kitty , but I do n't feel no teeth '' . That meaning he has his finger up his butt.All in all , this is good movie if your an Adam Sandler fan.This movie is not the next `` Gone With the Wind '' , but a good movie whatsoever .
 This movie is hilarious . I loved this movie , anyone who thinks this movie is dumb . They are out of their minds or they just do n't have a sense of humor . But if you like comedy and are looking for some laughs . Then & quot ; Eight Crazy Nights & quot ; is a good movie to buy . The story is great and the songs rock . This is one of the best Sandler movies .
 This movie is a great and funny movie . It has funny things . Whitey Duvall is funny . The little old man really brings the movie to life . Davey Stone is -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- in the movie . He is a drunk Jewish guy who has no parents . He ends up living with Whitey and his sister Eleanore . This movie is very funny all around !!! If you have a son or daughter under the age of 13 I would get it . It is very funny.The plot of the story is Whitey trying to win an all-star patch . The patch means the whole world to Whitey . I am not going to tell what happens , but you will love it .
 I LOVED this movie . It had a mix of funny stuff , sad stuff , and gross stuff . Unfortanly , the sad part is about the kids mom and dad dying . I am a HUGE fan of adam sandler and I think this is one of his greatest work of art . Plus the DVD has great extras . For example
 I ordered this movie in the height of the Christmas rush never expecting to get it before Christmas but was pleasantly shocked when the turnaround time was a few days.Very pleased with the purchased and with the easiness of the whole process .
 This is a very funny movie . I just saw it yesterday ! It has some sad parts in it but they are n't too sad . Whitey is my favorite character because of the way he has seizures . So is his sister , Elanore . At least this movie has a plot ! You 'll laugh non-stop ! I did . Even my dad liked ikt . So see this movie today!Rated
 This movie is awesome . It is the perfect movie for the holiday season . I am absolutely crazy about Whitey , the old man referee in the movie . Elenore and Davey are also hilarious ! I love this movie and watch it over and over again with my whole family . Something you should buy because it is great ! `` Smell you later poopsicles ! '' -LRB- A funny line from the best movie in the WORLD !!! -RRB-
 This is one of the best DVD I watched in a long time it is very fuuny , great story , great animations and I love the songs this is a movie that you can watch over and over I watched it about 17times now and it has n't gotten old yet so if you are looking for a great movie -LRB- DVD -RRB- to buy get this one trust me it rocks .
 As you know ... this is probably one of the most hated movies ever ... and why is that ?? Because these days , people just want to see boring , crappy romantic comedy junk like `` Love Actually '' and `` Two Weeks Notice '' ... . Well I do n't care about the negative reviews , I loved this movie and I 'll admit that I bought it and I 've watched it to the point where I know every song by heart : -RRB- I think this movie is somewhat similar to `` Bad Santa '' -LRB- another hillarious film that is worth seeing -RRB- , in that it deals with a drunk no-life loser who just CANT STAND the holidays AT ALL -LRB- much like me , , , seeing & hearing Christmas stuff everywhere gets SO incredibly annoying ! -RRB- This is a hillarious story of a `` crazy 33-year-old Jewish guy '' who always has to do bad things to the town during the holidays , especially on the first night of Hanukkah , , and there 's a reason why he 's this way , , and he just keeps seeming to run from admitting that reason ... -LRB- I wo n't tell you what it is , dont wan na ruin it : -RRB- This movie has great voices by Sandler of course , and Rob Schnieder is great as the narrator and the Chinese waiter ... Also I love all the songs , especially `` I Hate Love , I Hate You , I Hate Me '' , `` Technical Foul '' , and `` Let It Out , Davey `` Believe it or not this movie DOES have a good messege behind it-actually a few - one is that you should n't run from your emotions , and the other is that the most ignored people can do the nicest things -LRB- which goes so for Whitey , the old man who helps Davey -RRB- I would say that this & `` Bad Santa '' are 2 great movies to slap the `` happy-go-lucky '' holiday season junk in the face , and if you ca n't appreciate this kind of humor , then go watch some Julia Roberts movie or some teenybopper movie like `` 10 Things I Hate About You '' !!!!!
 This movie was so good!I loved it , Adam did a really good job on this movie . The only thing I want to know is , what is taking it so long to come out on dvd ?
 adam sandler was great with the voice of himself whitey and elenorbrsides all the singing i give it 5 starsvery funny moviebuy it
 I liked it very much ! It not for the very young kids . More for teenagers and up.Adam sandler is very talented and it 's made up of HIS sense of humor . So if people are NOT a fan of his , ... I do n't think they would enjoy it.I found it too be very interesting . At first I was tired of Daveys character being SO mean to everyone . But his heart softens at the end and it would teach any bully a lession!I loved the character of Whitey , -LRB- voice of Adam Sandler -RRB- . He is so cute and lovable ! His sister , Eleanore , -LRB- Adam Sadlers voice again -RRB- , is SO funny !!! I love it when Whitey sings , `` Technical Foul '' , ... both so adorable !! This is JUST a cartoon that is NOT meant to be taken serious except for the heart-warming message/story that its trying to get across ! ... people can be so mean to the nicest people who do n't deserve it !!! I REALLY liked it a lot . I WILL be adding this movie too my collection !!
 8 Crazy Nights is one of the greatest holiday films I have ever seen in my life . It ranks up there as one of the greatest holiday films with Jingle All The Way , Christmas Vacation , and Home Alone . The jokes are HILARIOUS and the plot is so beautiful . I cried from laughing sooooo much and cried from the wonderful storyline . This movie is pure genius .
 Oh , my goodness . To all of you reading out there , I have been waiting for this movie 's release date for almost a whole year . Ever since the film came out in theaters , I checked amazon.com every day to find out when it would be released and now , I know . Also , this DVD comes out on my birthday . That is cool . Anyway , all my friends who saw this movie and all the reviews I read said that this movie was terrible . I say forget those reviews because this movie is simply amazing . If you like Adam Sandler , then this movie is for you . If you do n't like Adam Sandler this movie is still for you . This is by far his best movie ever -LRB- Happy Gilmore is his second best -RRB- . This is a must buy for any Sandler fan . It is warm and witty and has the voice talents of so many people from Adam Sandler 's SNL days . Classic movie . You can count on me being there at the store before school buying this . Ca n't wait !
 I loved this film . But you may very well not like it at all . Answering a couple quick questions will help you know whether you should stay away from Eight Crazy Nights : Can anything in an artwork offend you ? Be honest here ; there 's nothing wrong with you if you can be offended by content . If you 're the kind of person who might say , `` I normally do n't mind -LRB- or I even like -RRB- crude humor , but that just went too far '' , then the answer is `` yes '' . If you think that an artwork can go too far , if you have any personal sacred cows , then be very cautious of watching Eight Crazy Nights.Next , do you like to think of yourself as being more mature than you were as , say , a 13 year old ? I do n't just mean , `` Are you more mature '' , but do you pride yourself on that , so that you do n't find joy in playing 13-year-old again . If yes , that 's another indicator for caution.And finally , for people who actually are teens and who answered `` No '' to the above questions , do you dislike your crude humor to have any positive messages or sentimentality ? If yes , use caution.It 's not that Eight Crazy Nights is the most outrageous , risk-taking , potentially offensive comedy ever , or that it 's constantly juvenile or ever over-the-top sappy . For offense and maturity , there 's nothing here that 's not found in the average episode of South Park . But maybe because it 's an animated holiday film where many people are n't expecting something like South Park , a lot of viewers -- especially the offendable and proudly sophisticated -- have turned up their noses.Eight Crazy Nights is actually quite complex and sophisticated on many artistic levels . The animation is exceptionally well done -- at least as good and complex as most Disney features . For example , there are many subtle layering and perspective effects , similar to Disney 's multiplane approach , and often mimicking `` live action '' cameras , so that different focal depths will be blurred . The environments are lush and subtly modeled . Characters are fluid and well drawn . There are many difficult sequences , such as action and sports scenes , and they 're all very impressive.Script-wise , Adam Sandler achieved a film that both mocks/spoofs traditional holiday films and manages to be one at the same time . It 's not that different in theory from , say , Elf or Bad Santa , except that Sandler is n't at all afraid to continually go for the throat in his brand of humor -LRB- which is n't to suggest that Elf or Bad Santa are bad films -- I love both of them , and especially Bad Santa goes for the throat sometimes , too -RRB- . The plot has some similarities to A Christmas Carol in that the main character , Davey -LRB- voiced by Sandler -RRB- , has an over-the-top , bitter , bah-humbug attitude about the holidays brought on by past events . Davey is even visited by something akin to supernatural entities at one point.Sandler 's music and music performances are impressive . The focus is on silly/funny lyrics , of course , but at times , his singing and songwriting skills suggest that he could have easily had a career in the music business instead . While watching Eight Crazy Nights I kept thinking how much I 'd like to see a Sandler penned Broadway show -- that would be just the thing to help knock Broadway out of its frustrating musical and content conservatism.A couple characters , especially Whitey -LRB- also voiced by Sandler -RRB- , take some getting used to . Sandler is doing one of his odd , affected voices for the character , and Whitey is designed to be disturbing and disagreeable . But of course the joke is that he 's the symbol of positive holiday spirit , so Sandler is again pulling the rug out from beneath our expectations -- something he does regularly , in many different ways , throughout the course of Eight Crazy Nights -- and that 's a good thing .
 I 'm the first to admit that I was more than just a little skeptical about seeing this movie after reading dozens upon dozens of bad reviews on various noteworthy sites . However , I took a chance and went to see `` Eight Crazy Nights '' on Sunday , and it was by far one of the FUNNIEST movies I 've ever seen ... animated or not . I swear , I laughed so hard throughout this entire movie to the point where my sides were aching!One thing that needs to be made CRYSTAL clear is the fact that this is not a kids ' movie by any means . I think the trailers and commercials for `` Eight Crazy Nights '' are rather misleading in regards to this fact . I realized this when I saw at least 5 sets of parents bring their children to see it.This movie does n't try to be the next animated marvel . It seems that many critics fail to realize that , and put the movie down because of its mere simplicity . It 's a simple movie with a simple plot , intended for a teen-to-adult audience , in addition to catering to Sandler 's loyal fanbase.Much like `` South Park
 It is tied with Beavis and Butthead Do america . They are both just as hilarious . The songs are really funny too . HILARIOUS ! ...
 Okay there were a few moments that I thought the film crossed the line , but overall this was an excellent film.I thought it did a wonderful job of not just making me laugh , but cry and even more so think . Something I 've come to realize after watching some of Sandler 's latter works is how big his heart really is . From noticing names in the credits that I have to admire him for to just having a big heart.It is n't the best animation but given what the film took to be made it was lucky it got made . Here are points that I thought the film did a wonderful job of .1 . Making its characters real , not some fantasy realm characters , but characters with defects like we all have , some of us have them more noticeable then others .2 . seeing one of many ways a good kid can become less then a good kid .3 . giving us something other then christmas , I was happy to see someone make a film about a Jewish Holiday and by someone that is proud to be what he is .4 . for actually giving me something to show my kids , hey while many of you crab about it not being a kids film or etc. . I think it works well for kids . Kids are n't stupid and they see the world for what it is and its nice to let them see the story that lies beyond view . Because we all know a guy like whitey that takes a lump but never lets it phase him , or a guy like davey that drinks his problems away , or even the single mom that is just trying to make it work . And if you talk openly with your kids and do n't try and hide them from the real world then they 'll ask questions and you can talk .5 . Because Deer really do n't care about poopsicles just humans.You do n't need to be an Adam Sandler fan to love this movie . My wife was iffy but then cried , laughed , and shivered -LRB- the whole porta potty scene -RRB- . She loved it and thought it was great and thanked me for chaining her to the chair to watch it with me.Don ' t worry honey I 'll unchain you when I get back from the store.well that 's my 2 cents worth . Adam you have one heck of a heart , one helluva -LSB- ... -RSB- sense of humor , and a nice way of spinning things in .
 Man!That was the coolest movie I 've ever seen and I want to buy it SOOOO much ! But anyway Davey this `` crazy 33 old Jewish guy '' is like `` the town bafoon '' . Adam plays Davey , Elonor who is Whitey 's sister , who is hilarious and Whitey is the youth bastetball coach who is a really nice old man who does lots of good deeds including saving Davey from at least 10 yrs . in jail . You MUST see this great holiday movie ! You just have to !
 Holy crap , all you people who say this movie is too crude are stupid pussies . Yeah its crude , its Adam Sandler what do you expect ? If your to square to laugh at this movie than you should go home . End of story.This movie is great . Its classic adam sandler.Buy it , its worth it
 Our 17-month-old loves trains and Thomas . He and his 4-year-old sister both enjoyed this movie.Here are the stories included on this 37-minute DVD : Thomas , Percy & the DragonDonald & DouglasThe DeputationTime for TroubleA Scarf for PercyThe DiseaselEdward 's Exploits
 I gave this rare item as a gift to a Thomas & Friends fanatic ! Eyes lit up and mouth dropped as soon as he realized it was the Chinese dragon ! Thank you !
 Percy And The DragonOut in Augest06Storyteller
 My little Thomas fan loves any of the Thomas DVD 's , no matter how many times he watches them . They are his favorite and I do n't think that will change for a very long time . Thomas provides great life lessons like sharing , caring , and friendship . They get a thumbs up from me as well !
 How great to see these old shows again ! Watched this show when I was a little girl so this brings back memories . A fun set to add to your collection .
 This is a excellent family series from the early 60 's I reccomend it for family veiwing .
 As you might guess , this movie is centered around an elementary school . It 's after WWII and now time for all the children to go back to school . This movie really gives you a sense of what it must have been like to grow up as a child playing on abandoned tanks and listening to all the adults discuss politics . This is a truly beautiful movie . Both funny and sad , it 's definetly worth seeing .
 Have to see it and feel the atmosfer of after war mood
 I searched out this film because the writer and director more recently made Kolya , which is a great film . The Elementary School is only available on VHS and I 've had to blow the dust off my player to watch it . But it was worth it to know that the humanity , good humor and intelligence of Kolya have a predecessor in The Elementary School.It 's set in the aftermath of World War II , but before the Russians took over , in the troubled eastern Europe , in what became , for a time , Czecheslovakia -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . For people who do n't mind movies in which nobody is murdered , there are no car chases and nothing blows up , movies , that is , for adults , you 'll like this one .
 my most favorite movie of all . five stars . respect .
 Christmas may be a time for joy and laughter , but Charlie Brown has the Blues . To get in the holiday spirit , he takes Lucy 's advice and directs a Christmas play . And what 's a Christmas play w/o a tree ? Everyone makes fun of the short sparse `` nevergreen tree '' that he comes up with , until Christmas works it 's true magic.This is a classic family holiday film . It has all the characters that we have known and loved our whole lives . This DVD also contains the `` It 's Christmastime Again Charlie Brown '' story . It has English , Spanish , Japanese and Portuguese audio tracks . This is a great way to enjoy Christmas with the whole family or with friends .
 I have This Charlie Brown VHS , Charlie brown in hindsight looking at his attitude is depressing , but it brings back alot of memories , who did n't watch Charlie brown growing up ? no Matter the age . Who has n't seen a Charlie Christmas Special . or other holiday specials ? It 's great viewing for all ages .
 Not only a classic , but a classic in our home ! We enjoy watching this DVD every Christmas season and LOVE that Charlie Brown learns the TRUE meaning of Christmas ... Jesus ' birth . A great video for the whole family to enjoy !
 This is so fantastic words really ca n't describe , I have to sayafter buying this from AMAZON I had to buy another , than another.Now I am waiting for Paramount to put them all out , A Charlie BrownChristmas is perhaps one of the best if not thee . The voices arefresh and delightful the story fantastic and the piano breathlessYou can view this really at anytime not just for x-mas . Everyonein the world should be a PEANUTS fan for everyone of us have aCharlie Brown , Lucy , Linus , Peppermint Patty , Franklin , Marcie , SallySnoopy and of course Woodstock in them.PEANUTS FOREVER !!!
 I still enjoy this cartoon as much as I did when I was a kid . The message is still a classic , and the music is timeless . A great way to turn back the clock and experience a simpler time , if only for 20 minutes .
 Sometimes ... many times ... I get lost in the craziness of the world . As much as I try and remain centered in a place/a space of Spirit , there are times where I just temporarily forget the Love , the life , the Light that is within me and all around me and I start believing more in the appearances than in what 's ultimately real ; God . And I can tell when I do . I start feeling heavy . Not just physically , but emotionally . I get grouchy . I find myself getting irritated at the littlest of things and then before I spiral too much out of control , I look for something that helps me remember a deeper meaning to life and a lot of the time I reach for this beautiful and wonderful Holy-day classic.This movie is as old as I am . Actually , I am older by 9 months and nine days -LRB- but who 's counting -RRB- and I really can not recall the first time I saw it , but I do know that even now when I see it , something magical ... something transformative ... something wondrous takes place within me . Not just now , now that I am on a conscious and deliberate spiritual path , but always - which can only lead me to conclude that I was on a Spiritual Path even when I thought I was n't . Charlie Brown finds out the deeper meaning of Christmas and maybe he finds a deeper meaning to life ; that appearances are not always what they seem ; that through Love , transformation always takes place . When people ask me if I 'm `` born again '' I tell them `` sure '' . Not in the way that they might think , but I am born again every time I believe in what my heart says more than what the world may tell me . This is why I reach for this film no matter what time of year I may be in . I am reminded of the simple beauty and innocence of Jesus the Christ 's teachings ; `` Be in the world , but not of it ... '' and `` Forgive them , for they know not what they do ... `` So many times we know not what we do . We have become so hypnotized into believing in the world that we forget our true identity , our true home . Blessed now are we the children of God and it is this God of Love in which we live and move and have all of our being just as this Love lives within us , moves with us , and has all of its being within us , as us.Y ` see , it matters not how old something may be or how many times you think you might have seen something , if you 're always gettting something wonderful out of something , then it is still a valid part of your life . That is why I am reviewing this classic in February . Christmas is not a once-a-year thing ; whenever the innocence of Christ is being renewed in your heart , the `` savior '' is being born . Be humble enough to receive Its Love , and gracious enough to carry it out into the world.Peace and Blessings be to you and yours this Holy-day !
 Even though this TV is now almost 40 years old , it has surely stood the test of time and is still relevant today . Basically , Charlie Brown is upset that Xmas has become too commercialised . He wants to enjoy it but ca n't because of the shallow , money-grabbing opportunity he sees all around him.The gang try to cheer him up by letting them direct their Xmas play . He finds it a major stain at first but soon finds it easy being an artistic tyrant . But they need an Xmas tree and the only one Charlie can afford is practically a twig . It needs a lot of love , which the gang sure do give it.Also this TV special also features something damn rare in Xmas movies these days ; an actual dedication to Jesus . Now , I am not a puritan Christian but there are sooooo many movies that try to find the TRUE meaning of Xmas but none ever mention the birth of Jesus . Weird eh ? Definitely one of the better Xmas specials and miles better thanMr . Magoo 's Christmas Carolor Denver the Last Dinosaur Saves Santa.As for It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown when compared to the original this special seems to be less social commentary and more an excuse for gags . It 's more cartoonish and has more obvious laughs rather than any irony or important things to say.There 's another Xmas play in this ` un . Peppermint Patty is refusing to do any homework and is annoyed that Marcie is playing Mary and she is left with the thankless role of a sheep . Still , she 's determined to steal as much scenery as possible . Charlie Brown is selling his old comics to buy an Xmas present for his wannabe girlfriend and his sister Sally has only one word to say in the play ` HARK ' but she ends up yelling ` HOCKEY STICK ' instead.More like a series of Peanuts vignettes than a real TV special . But still nice.Both specials are presented in 1.37:1 1080p and are much more vibrant and colourful than their DVD counterparts . A documentary on the history of the main feature is also included as well as a bunch of trailers . The Blu Ray comes boxed in a nice looking , glittery slip case . Definitely one for collectors .
 ... he 's the Charlie Browniest !! I love Charlie Brown , and this Peanuts special is the best one of them all . If you ever get to feeling like you 've forgotten what Christmas is all about , sit down with your kids and watch . Linus will gently remind you that it 's not about trees , or presents , or plays . It 's about the birth of a baby that gave the world hope . No one has ever said it better ! Merry Christmas Charlie Brown !!
 A Charlie Brown Christmas is my personal favorite Christmas movie for children of all time . The movie is entertaining and funny , just as the peanuts movies always are . Mostly , though , I love the fact that this movie pulls no punches when dealing with the over commercialization of a sacred holiday . Indeed , the movie comes together with Linus quoting from sacred scripture after Charlie Brown asks in frustration what the true meaning of Christmas really is.If you are parent who wants an entertaining Christmas movie for your kids that does n't attempt to gloss over the true meaning of Christmas by using gushy messages about peace on earth and family togetherness , but gets right to the point of Christ 's birth , consider a Charlie Brown Christmas . You wo n't be disappointed .
 What can you say about this classic Christmas special ? A Charlie Brown Christmas is a special tape . I 'm 29 years old and still enjoy watching it every year . It never gets old . Kids in 20 years will still be watching it .
 Warner Home Video now owns the Peanuts holiday specials , after years of ownership and video releases by Paramount . And it will sell - it 's a perennial Christmas classic , and deserves every accolade . But ... something is missing ... The original sponsor of this special was Coca-Cola , and , like many television programs and specials of the time , had sponsor bumpers in the program . Linus crashed into a `` sponsored by Coca-Cola '' sign , slingshotted his blanket at Coke cans , and the end credits wished us all a `` Merry Christmas from your Coca-Cola bottlers '' . Due to broadcast regulation changes , children 's programming could no longer include direct sponsoring , and the Coke references disappeared forever after the original broadcast . Therefore , unless somebody wants to pay Coca-Cola a huge amount of money , you will never see these portions , either restored or as extras for a true collector 's edition . If you own a Paramount copy , do n't worry about updating your disc.Oh , and the greatest Peanuts holiday special is coupled with the very worst Peanuts holiday special - it has never aired on network television outside of its original broadcast . The more you know ... A great special , but somebody needs to step up and do this program up in a true collector 's edition .
 I realize by now , we all know what A Charlie Brown Christmas is about , so I will not detail the plot for you . This blu-ray contains the entire episode , including that snowball scene devoid from earlier releases . This blu-ray also contains `` It 's Christmastime Again Charlie Brown '' and a interesting documentary . The clarity of both cartoons , but especially the first was shocking . I knew it would look good , but not that good ! I do n't even have an hdmi cable , but do have 1080i . It still looks amazing . The colors are brighter and clearer than ever , you can even see slight inconsistencies in the animation , that have always been there , much better than before.The only complaint against this blu-ray release is that they could 've fit all the holiday specials on one blu-ray disc . Very true , but not every consumer is going to want each and every holiday special -LRB- in my opinion , The Halloween special is the only other special that holds a candle to the Christmas one -RRB- so it makes sense to release this special in this way.For all those with a blu-ray player this special is definitely worth getting . 10/10 !
 I bought this show in the blu-ray edition expecting an incredible picture , but there was nothing special about it at all . The extras are nice but not what I buy DVDs for . There 's no reason to waste your money buying the blu-ray edition . They did n't have HD technology when this special was produced and they ca n't change that . Buy the regular DVD and save your money .
 I love it ! This disc is such an improvement over Paramount 's disc , both in video and audio , that I do n't know where to start . So I wo n't . And , it appears that they did use the first-year version of the film as there were a few animation errors that were cleaned up for the second and subsequent airings , according to the creators . I 'm assuming one of those errors is towards the end when the gang is standing around C.B , s tree and humming . For one split second , Pig-Pen 's head disappears , revealing Patty 's dress behind him . RIOT ! A true American classic .
 When I was a freshman in college , I stopped typing my term paper -LRB- due the next day -RRB- so I could watch it on TV . The next year my roommate gave me the video for my birthday so I could watch it whenever I want . There are only three things that I need for the Christmas season
 Everybody gets that feeling -- the disillusionment with Christmas ' glitzy , soulless commercial barrage.The antidote to that can be found in `` A Charlie Brown Christmas , '' where everyone 's favorite round-headed kid tries to find out the real meaning of Christmas . Simply animated and told , this special little story reminds us why we have Christmas , without resorting to sentimental goop or silly humor . It 's both funny and heartwarming.Charlie Brown is depressed . It 's Christmastime , and he knows he should be happy , but instead he feels let down . Even worse , everyone is into the commercial aspect of it -- even his dog ! When he asks Lucy for help , she offers him a job as a pageant director . He agrees , hoping it will get him in the spirit.Of course , it 's a disaster -- Snoopy mimicks and licks Lucy , Pigpen grosses out his onstage `` wife , '' and everyone dances to Schroeder 's piano . Finally Charlie Brown goes out to buy a big glitzy Christmas tree , but he ends up buying a tiny scraggly one instead . As the others laugh at him and his poor little tree , he cries out , `` Is n't there ANYONE who can tell me what Christmas is all about ? '' And Linus tells him.This DVD also contains a sequel special , `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown . '' Instead of a real storyline , it 's a series of light subplots and vignettes , based on the comic strips by Charles Schultz . It 's not as striking as the original , but it is lots of fun.As the story goes on , Peppermint Patty struggles with her holiday book reports , and Linus tries unsuccessfully to tell Sally about the meaning of Christmas . Charlie Brown tries unsuccessfully to peddle wreaths door to door -LRB- `` It is n't even Thanksgiving yet ! '' -RRB- , and sells his comic book collection so he can buy his crush a pretty pair of gloves.And finally , there 's an upcoming holiday pageant -- Sally has been cast as an angel , with only a one-word line
 This is a great video for having fun while remembering that the true meaning of Christmas , as Linus reminds us , is to celebrate the birth of Jesus .
 Commenting on what a wonderful Christmas special this is would be superfluous
 It plays with no issue and the color is as I remeber . A must have for your collection . One of the classics for the holidays buy it for the children keep it for the grandchildren .
 Christmas = A Charlie Brown Christmas . As a junior high teacher , I am thrilled to be able to share this video with my students .
 It 's that time of year again - the period from late October through late December where we go through Halloween , Thanksgiving , and Christmas , complete with pumpkin picking and trick-or-treating , Butterball and football , and decked halls and snowfalls . In terms of entertainment , we have costumes , parades , and the Rockettes , along with numerous television specials and holiday music releases . However , nothing captures the pop culture spirit of the season like the Charlie Brown TV specials . Good old Chuck , Linus and Lucy , Snoopy , and the rest of the Peanuts gang epitomize the holidays like no one else.In terms of holiday music , you ca n't do better than the soundtracks to the Charlie Brown specials . As enjoyable as holiday releases by major and independent artists can be , they do n't compare to the beauty and innocence of the scores for the Peanuts specials . There are several albums that cover the music of the Peanuts shows , but I really recommend the actual soundtracks to the programs composed and performed by Vince Gauraldi . Like the shows , his timeless Charlie Brown recordings exude the peace , contentment , and happiness of the holidays .
 Another Charlie Brown movie to add to my collection . My son loves this movie as well , always wants to watch it ! Great Christmas movie !
 I bought this for my son-in-law to go with a Charlie Brown Christmas Tree which I gave him last year . He was thrilled . He is crazy for this movie and has Snoopy on a sled that moves around while playing the theme music . It was a perfect surprise for him .
 Having seen Charlie and his friends through the eyes of 2 generations I must say it is always sweet and nostalgic .
 Charlie Brown and this Christmas movie have been holiday classics in my family for years . This movie is a great one to show during Christmas time for any age .
 Even back in the 1960s , the true meaning of Christmas was lost on thosecaught up in all the commercialization of the season . Linus eloquentlyexplains why we really rejoice at Christmastime .
 A Charlie Brown Christmas . Does this REALLY need a review . Who does n't love CB ?? Whaa whaa whaa whhhaaaaaa . So glad I finally purchased this .
 I turned the the dial on our t.v. set in December '65 and it was just starting I remember I did n't want to watch it because it was a cartoon then I started to see as it went on that it was about Christmas and it had music and a story about a not to good looking tree that Charley finds and nobody likes but in the end they realize all the tree needs is some care and attention and it 's not so bad after all . it 's Charles Schulz and the Peanuts with music and songs it brings back memories of when I was a kid and the world seemed a better place . this Christmas show is an hour long if anybody has kids they will like it and the one I have has an extra CD with more songs . and I was able to find Alister Sim in a Christmas Carol B/W , Miracle on 34th street and Its A Wonderful Life . all in B/W all movies you might miss on television you can have anytime . I found all of them on Amazon .
 Was so sad to find that it was n't being aired on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day this year but thrilled to have found it on Amazon . Now I can keep it forever !
 I grew up with this movie and was happy to find in on a DVD . Glad to be able to get it at a good price
 Fantastic addition to any home at Christmastime or any time of the year . We look forward to watching this and now we have a copy of our own !
 Even though this video is mainly for children ; I enjoy watching it because after they go through all hoop-la about presents and decorations Charles Schultz brings out the true meaning of Christmas.Frankie
 Details , clarity and colors of blu ray version look great . Id recommend this to other people looking for this movie on blu ray .
 You can never go wrong with this movie . Even my kids love this as a classic Christmas movie . Merry Christmas .
 I am loving sharing this movie with my grandchildren and so delighted to have more that just the Charlie Brown Christmas !! Thank you !!
 Great price , could n't tell it was remastered in any way , shape or form . Played well , was the original , full story and is just a please to watch .
 I loved this movie as a kid and still love it today . A classic . I would recommend this movie for anyone .
 This Christmas program is one that seems to promote commercialism at first glance . However , as it goes on , the special shows Charlie Brown getting a small , wimpy Christmas tree . Why ? Because it `` needs him . '' He brings it to the play rehearsal , but is laughed out of the building for buying such a pathetic tree . However , Linus wraps his blanket around the tree , making it look healthier almost instantly . But it is only when the meaning of Christmas is explained to the Peanuts gang that they actually seem to get it . The classic reading of the Christmas story compliments the program nicely . All in all , it is a good show that shows that Christmas is not all about the shopping and gifts , but something deeper .
 A childhood favorite of mine . The audio and video are sharp , making it all fresh again . My five year old loves the story and animation , and I thoroughly enjoy watching it with him . A great job of reissuing a timeless classic .
 We are very excited to get this DVD ! We love Charlie Brown ! This product was shipped on time and were very happy with these guys ! I would recommend buying from these guys anytime!Thanks a VERY satisfied customer !
 Loved the movie as a kid and now I have it for my grand kids to watch . Beautiful color and sound .
 This is a favorite from my son 's childhood . I purchased it as a gift for my Grandson so hat I could watch it with him .
 I love this movie and bought it from Amazon because the description said that in addition to the BluRay DVD we would get a standard DVD that I could use in non-BluRay players . I was so excited about getting both versions!However , when the BluRay DVD arrived , I opened it , expecting the standard DVD would be in the case as well . It was not . I was so disappointed that I decided to return the BluRay , even though it meant that we would not have a DVD version at all.This is not common for Amazon , and you always provide a refund when a product does not meet our expectations . I will continue to buy from your excellent company , but hope you correct problems like this false advertising when your customers bring it to your attention.Thanks so much for listening to my concerns .
 It 's the movie you grew up with plus a bunch of other stuff . I teach kids who had never seen it before , they like it .
 I bought this movie for myself because it is a classic Christmas movie . Also it came in Blu Ray was a factor .
 I LOVE Christmas movies and these are some of my favorites ! I always bring them out when I am decorating and start enjoying the holidays !
 An absolute must for Christmas especially if you have children . Start a new Christmas family tradition enjoy a classic with your family and maybe oneday they will with theirs and make you smile and remember . Shipped quick excellent quality .
 A Christmas tradition.Well done.A fine Christmas film for people of all ages.AAA + A classic film that endures .
 Great family viewing and part of our annual Christmas tradition . Smart enough for parents to enjoy along with their little ones .
 This film makes my holiday season every year . I remember being a little girl and looking forward to it coming on TV for the only time in a season .
 This is just the quintessential Christmas movie . The BD picture and audio quality enhances the experience for everyone . I highly recommend adding this to your Christmas movie library !
 This is an American Classic and is very touching as Charlie Brown searches for the True meanin of Christmas . Wonderful for every age .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift for my youngest grandson . It was in perfect condition and was the perfect gift . It is fun to watch a second generation enjoy Charlie Brown as much as their parents did .
 This product completely fulfills my requirements for its ease of use . It provides the accuracy I require . It is entirely recommendable .
 we love watching this every christmas but missed it last year so i got the DVD so we would never miss it !!!
 I love this movie ! I always have and always will ! I hope to have this in the future when i have children so they can enjoy it too !
 How can anyone not love this ? Really ??? Its Charlie Brown and its Christmas . Nuff said . Good quality product . Definitely recommended .
 This is a classic for young and old alike . Have it &#34; at the ready &#34; for a family viewing around Christmas .
 My boyfriend loves Charlie Brown so this was a great gift for him .
 My 3 1/2 year old little girl saw the `` Charlie Brown Christmas '' on TV this year and loved it so much that I had to order it . She watched it over and over and enjoyed it as much as I did over 40 years ago when I was a kid . Just goes to show that some things never get old . And , what a treat to be able to share it with her now .
 I gave this movie to a co-worker who loves all the Charlie Brown classics that are shown on TV . She was thrilled when she opened it !
 I have n't seen this in years , and bought it on a whim to surprise my family with a christmas eve special treat . It was just as touching and funny as I remembered it to be . We all enjoyed it . I do n't remember ever seeing the second christmas program . It was fun to watch , but no where near as good as the first program . This is something we will definitely watch again during future holiday seasons .
 This has always been one of my favorite Christmas classics , now it one of my family 's favorites as well .
 We bought this to share with our 3 1/2 yr old during the holiday season . He absolutely loved it and we had so much fun re-watching it with him . It brought back great holiday memories of being children for my husband and I.
 For a 25 min made-for-tv cartoon of the mid-60 's , this is truly a timeless classic whose message is still all so relevant more than 40 years later . Both the main feature , `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' and the bonus `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown '' are destined to be viewed at Yuletide for many more decades to come . As one among the very many people in my social circle who bemoan the loss of the true meaning of Christmas and with the wanton commercialisation behind it all , I was pleasantly surprised to see a couple of cartoons that address this issue so well and in such simple terms that even a child could understand the distinction . The main feature brings out the message better than the bonus and it 's no surprise at all that this is a very worthy winner of both the Emmy and Peabody awards . The only reason this dvd does n't get all 5 stars from me is that despite the digital remastering , the sound quality is n't perfect and is in mono format and the video quality is affected by transfer from a deteriorating master source . But these are small complaints and do not detract too much from the enjoyment of all but the more picky video and audiophile . I note that they have attempted to do a better remastering for the Grinch and perhaps those concerned may attempt something similar with this dvd as well . In addition , with a total run time of about 50 minutes , you 'd expect a lot more special features or documentaries about the main features but these unfortunately are not present here . Overall , despite these limitations of the disc , you would be hard-pressed to find a better way to explain to your kids what the true meaning of Christmas is . Highly recommended !
 I was caught by surprise how good this was , it 's held up much better than a lot of the other Peanuts specials . The animation is slick thanks to Bill Melendez 's smooth direction and the characters are very endearing . It 's always funny to realize how much you can identify with the gang even with the simpilicity of the story and characters . I guess it touches the child inside all of us , if I may be so cornball .
 Charles Schultz cast the gold standard of annual holiday classics with his 1965 creation of A Charlie Christmas . This animated , made-for-TV special features all the familiar Peanuts characters -LRB- although I 've always wondered why the comic strip was titled Peanuts and not Charlie Brown ? -RRB- - Lucy , Snoopy , Schroeder , Linus , Sally , Pig-pen , and Woodstock all make appearances . But the enduring popularity of this classic stems not from its storyline , but its invocation of childhood nostalgia and memorable Christmas music -LRB- everyone on earth has heard the song the characters sing in the closing credits -RRB- . For those who need refreshing -LRB- because I do n't know anyone who has n't seen it -RRB- , A Charlie Brown Christmas covers title character Charlie Brown 's search for the true meaning of Christmas . When neighborhood friend Lucy dispenses her usual five cent advice , she encourages Charlie Brown to take on the job of director in the school Christmas play . But none of the other kids take their new director seriously , and when Charlie Brown passes over several Christmas trees which he believes embody the commercial exploitation of Christmas -LRB- and brings back a sagging relic of branch instead -RRB- , the other kids fire him as director . Meanwhile , Snoopy is involved in decorating his doghouse with colorful flashing lights and other knick-knacks in an effort to win 1st Prize in a Christmas decorating contest . In the end , the other kids feel they 've been too hard on Charlie Brown , and fix up his tree into a brilliant display Christmas beauty . Linus reveals the true meaning of Christmas by retelling a segment from the Gospels that recounts the story Jesus Christ 's birth . Charlie Brown is finally happy and everyone sings Christmas carols.One of the better parts of this TV special is when Charlie Brown goes hunting for a Christmas tree . Some of the trees are aluminum , which you rarely see today -LRB- especially those trees with the rotating colored lights underneath -RRB- . Simply put , A Charlie Brown Christmas is a breath of fresh air - a thoughtful , funny , and highly entertaining show that the whole family can enjoy together . Parents and children are connected by the shared experience of this annual holiday affair , and parents do n't have to worry about their children being exposed to a Janet Jackson `` costume malfunction '' ! The DVD Report
 Linus ' recitation of the Bible and the gang 's rendition of `` Hark the Herald Angels Sing '' could make even Scrooge smile . And even Lucy van Pelt admits , `` Charlie Brown is a blockhead , but he did get a nice tree . '' No secularism here .
 Call me nostalgic , but this Christmas video remains one of the top Cartoons of all time . Children of all ages can relate to Charlie Brown 's life as a misfit as well as his bewilderment over Christmas `` Commercialism '' . His desire to be accepted and his quest for the true meaning of Christmas touch your heart.The early 2 dimensional animation is classic . Even children born with today 's 3D computer animation are attracted to it . - And Vince Giraldi 's music is jazz at it 's classiest .
 Well let me tell you I am a big fan of A Charlie Brown Christmas ! It just puts you in such a good mood ! Charlie Brown the loser we all love to love teaches us the real meaning of Christmas with the help of Snoopy , Lucy and all the gang . This just sums up the happiness that Christmas brings to me ... And contains the very cool Snoopy Dance ! Check it out to help you get in touch with your inner child and find that holiday spirit !
 Alternately funny and heartbreaking , A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS brings back the turbulent emotions of childhood holidays -- and throws in a great batch of beautiful music to boot.I have to say that , while I 've loved this show my whole life , as an adult I 've begun to find it almost disturbing . Amidst all the Christmas cheer and pagentry , the exchange of cards and gifts , wanders poor Charlie Brown . He does n't seem to have a friend in the world -- even his dog Snoopy and his companion Linus ridicule him -- and there are no adults , no parents seen anywhere . His dispair over the bent tree is so real , and so heartbreaking.Thank god for those one-liners , eh ? `` Whaddya mean , Beethoven was n't so great ?!? ''
 i 've watched this show every Christmas for nearly 40 years . at the scene where Linus takes the stage and quotes from Luke , it never fails . i always cry .
 Wonderful Christmas movie for children and also for adults .
 This is one of the sweetest , sad , funny , and actually profound Christmas specials ever . Well , maybe not Dostoyevsky deepness , but there is quite a lot of depth here , unlike a lot of modern Christmas specials , which are just plugs for toys . The suits at CBS hated this series . They thought it was too intelligent for kids , and they did n't like Vince Guardaldi 's jazz score -LRB- which is a bonafide classic now -RRB- . It almost did n't air . Luckily , it did , and we are all better people for it .
 Charlie Brown 's Christmas is truly one of the most memorable of any christmas specials . Christmas , in fact the entire month of December is my favorite time of the year . The music is excellent as are the script , voices , and the artwork . The plot is excellent too . Charlie Brown -LRB- a kid most people can identify with -RRB- is feeling depressed by the commercialization of Christmas . So to try to rectify the problem , and at the advice of Lucy he directs the schools Christmas play which all of the peanuts main characters are involved in . However the task is too difficult when the rest of the kids fail to cooperate . So he sets off to find a Christmas tree for the play . He sees a lone , small , an scraggely tree . He decides to take that one . The rest of the kids amke fun of him when they see it . However with the help of Linus he learns the truem meaning of Christmas . The DVD however was lacking they tried to remove the static white noise in the background and instead it seems to lose all sound in between
 This production stands at the top of my list of endearing Christmas classics , and for so many reasons . First of all , it has been around longer than me , so I have been watching this every Christmas for my entire life . But more importantly , I love this because it is one of the few non-Biblical Christmas TV classics that still CLEARLY touches on the true meaning of Christmas . I say buy this now BEFORE they edit it , or completely obliterate it from the planet . In a time when there are so many fighting to have and and all indications of Christ -LRB- including the word `` Christmas '' itself -RRB- so blatantly removed from what is now being simply called the `` holiday '' season , my worst fear is that there will come a day when this treasured gem will no longer be allowed on television for that very reason , or worse , having the `` what Christmas is all about '' scene just simply edited out .
 When this comes on television in December , I get into the holiday spirit ! I know we are officially into the Christmas season !
 I wanted to keep the music from the DVD to use on my MP3 Player .
 This DVD is a Christmas Classic that should be experienced again and again every season . Charlie Brown 's angst about the Christmas season is profound , but it 's gotten even worse forty years later . The interesting thing about his troubles with the holiday season is that Schultz treats it with such tenderness while keeping a biting commentary on it in the process . That 's hard to pull off.The only thing that can be said about negative aspects of this fun little short is that the animation is starting to look jerky and dated . However , when it comes down to it , it 's not like anyone should care.This DVD also includes It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown ! , a follow-up short made in the 90s . It 's not as good , nor as relevant , but it 's still sweet and hey , it has Snoopy . Snoopy always makes everything go from good to great . The animation is a bit improved but not enough to really be focused upon . All in all it 's just a nice addition if you want to sit down and enjoy a back-to-back showing . -- PolarisDiB
 Charlie Brown 's lament at Christmas being over-commercialized and Lucy Van Pelt 's small-change advice have made this classic the Charlie-Browniest after 40 years . -LRB- Good grief -- 40 years ? -RRB- Holiday season dynamics have changed since A Charlie Brown Christmas first aired . It would be interesting to produce specials on how the Peanuts gang would celebrate such festivals as Kwanzaa , Chanukah and/or Ramadan , but , unfortunately , without the brain-team of Charles Schulz or Vince Guaraldi , it just can not happen.Here 's to another 40 years of A Charlie Brown Christmas .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas . It is his favorite Christmas movie from his childhood . I ca n't wait to share this with our kids .
 hello i love this video i thught my aunt and her friend marna would like it and she did but marna was extremly upset with the rating of the whole penutts pack so anyway me my aunt and marna wached harlie brown christmas every year now 2345 5 years abd we koved it i liked it a lot too oh my word i hate to go to clemeltin park so i will not clode i will enjoy waching this video every yer just llike always last year was the first year aunt dawn had ever been late in 5th grade but in 4rth grade she turnd on the chanel where me my mom marna and my mom wached it
 I ordered this DVD & several others as presents . They all arrived in good shape & on time for Christmas morning .
 This is such a wonderful kids movie . It is so great to have something you can pull out every year around Christmas and watch it with the whole family .
 Yes we all love Charlie Brown 's Christmas because of the little sick tree , and Linus for putting things in perspective , but this show did something much much more for me.I could never hook up in the clubs because I could n't dance . All the girls would be out on the floor with fellows who could cut a rug . Meanwhile I would be sitting lonely at the bar . Well no more !!! After watching this film I finally learned how to not only dance , but cut moves that no one thought imaginable ! First you get the ` Frankenstein ' . Remember the kid you holds his arms out in front of him and just walks in place ? Bust that move at the club and be flocked by women , and copied by posers . If that ai n't enough , just bop your head from shoulder to shoulder like the little girl does . I 'm here to say that after you do the ` Peanuts Dance ' , you get play .
 very adorable and sensitive theyre alot the little rascals of the animated world
 This movie is a true classic . Bought this for my daughter and she loves to watch the movie and read the book at the same time .
 If you do n't , then pass this by ... this is not for you.This brings up the best memories of growing up in the 70 's during Christmas . The quality of the DVD 's -LRB- yep , there 's 2 ! -RRB- were great , and the packaging was also impressive -- considering the price . It is Christmas , and well worth the purchase .
 I enjoyed this dvd because Snoopy is so smart and I liked very much the story , I recommend it to those who love Charlie Brown episodies .
 My children always watched Charlie Brown when they were growing up . I 'm 88 and never tire of watching his stories . They are timeless .
 They just do n't make kid shows like this anymore . It 's cute and there are some random shorts included after the main Christmas story , including a &#34; footloose &#34; styled short which brought me back and made me laugh . :-RRB- My kids loved this so much they watched it many times .
 This movie came on time and was still in it 's original packaging - was in excellent shape . We loved it !!
 great movie and extras worth it and would recomend to everyone . a seasonal hit must have . Even better thats its on blu ray
 I owned this movie on DVD , but needed to have it on Blu-ray , especially with the bonus features - which are awesome . good service . Good price .
 Perfect story/Perfect product - watched it as soon as it arrived - past Christmas - did n't matter . As Always - ca n't tell the difference between &#34; used &#34; & &#34; new ...
 Boought this for my son as he has a daughter now and was talking about his ` charlie brown ' memories of the snow and trees he had as a boy ... this was a prefect blast to the past for him and something he could share with his daughter .
 It is delightful to finally have `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' on DVD , to be enjoyed year after year . The bonus feature , the 1992 sequel , `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown '' , is also a great plus.In the classic installment Charlie Brown learns the true meaning of Christmas . In the 1992 episode Charlie Brown and the gang attempt to keep the message in perspective while working through yet another Christmas play , as well as avoiding the urge to get caught up in the materialism of it -LRB- well , Sally does n't actually avoid it -RRB- . : -RRB-
 Every year since I was a child I have watch this program on TV , now I 'm happy to own it . In this crazy mixed up world we live in , A Charlie Brown Christmas takes all back to a simpler time when we re-discover the true meaning of Christmas . I grew up on Charlie Brown and my kids will to . There are many Christmas specials we all look forward to watching , but by far , this one is the true classic .
 I love this Christmas video which I have on video which I watch every year when December usually starts like I did last year too and the year before that and the year before that I have n't stopped watching this every December for the past years which Christmas is my favorite holiday next to Halloween and Thanksgiving and you know what all watch it again this year when the season starts maybe even before Thanksgiving who knows . anyways go get this you do n't half to watch this even if it 's not December like me you can watch it any month .
 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen ! It is so cute and Linus teaches you the true meaning of Christmas ! Snoopy steals the show with his cute funny character ! Charlie Brown is the director of a Christmas play ! Aaaah ! Well , grab your family , some hot coco , and enjoy this great Christmas favorite !
 I am 31 years old now and I have been watching the charlie brown christmas special since I was little and today I watch it with my 3 daughters . It just really gets me in the mood for christmas . I ca n't even imagine a christmas without it . I usually watch it on TV but this year I plan on buying the holiday set because it is a classic and I want to be able to watch it every year !
 There is only one word that can describe this video ... CLASSIC . Made in 1965 , this movie has withstood the test of time and still remains one of the best Christmas programs of all time . It put Peanuts and Vince Guaraldi on the map . The Vince Guaraldi Trio composed the soundtrack to this film which , in my opinion , is the best Christmas album ever . Not only is it entertaining , it has a simple , but important message
 This Charlie Brown movie is the best , most masterful work ever made by the late great artist . This movie is part of the Christmas tradition - no less than the apple cider , the carols , and the tree - and truely captures the sentiment of Christmas .
 Not only for young people , but for people of all ages . It 's a true classic that I grew up with since I can remember . It 's something I will cherish the rest of my life .
 Man , this special makes me so sad , but in a good way . I 'm all man but every time I watch this I tear up . It 's just so good and sweet and innocent . Charles Schultz really is a genius . Not that the Peanuts have the answers to all the world 's problems or anything , but the Peanuts , and especially the Christmas special , are just so pure and good . And it 's funny too , the characters are just so well defined after having been around for so long that their gags are really unique to each character . It 's a great video and people should be strapped to a chair with their eyes forced open once a year to watch this special . It should be used to de-program violent criminals . It captures everything that 's good and bad about the holidays .
 Anyone who does n't love this video must have a stone heart because it is truly one of the all-time greatest Christmas stories ever made . Young or old , it is a treasure for everyone . I have watched it since I was very young , and this year I will have the pleasure of introducing it to my son . Do n't pass this one up , Merry Christmas !
 I bought this YEARS ago not from Amazon.Being a big kid , lover of watching Christmas movies all year round and like most growing up with this classic since I was a small child plus having the Peanuts Movies on VHS we 're trying to move them to DVD.This is my favorite Peanuts Movie and One of my favorite Christmas specials . Even though it has been clean up -LRB- digitally mastered -RRB- it still keeps its classic charm , but I do agree with some of the reviews that the audio could have been better.All around great buy !!
 `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is simply an enchanting tale that was first broadcast on CBS in December , 1965 . Since its original network airing this cartoon classic has been televised on American network television every single year , now being broadcast on ABC , for other generations of children to enjoy . The message in this special is clear
 What can I say ? Christmas is not Christmas until I 've seen `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' at least once ! I 've already watched it at least twice this year , and I must say that the remastered version is much sharper -LRB- and , of course , easier to handle -RRB- than my old VCR tape . I can isolate my favorite scenes -LRB- Snoopy dancing on the piano ; Linus explaining the true meaning of Christmas , which sends Charlie Brown skipping merrily home with his tree in his hand -RRB- and play these again and again . And , of course , there 's the music ! The instrumental version of `` Christmas Time is Here '' sets the mood for the holiday , as does `` Skating '' and `` Oh Tannenbaum . `` In fact , just writing this review makes me want see `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' once again !
 Like a lot of people , I grew up watching A Charlie Brown Christmas on television when it was shown every year . When I had the opportunity to purchase it on DVD back in 2000 , it was a release I made sure to get.Most people know the main story of this special , and about how Charlie Brown laments the commercialization of Chritstmas and how he tries to find the true meaning of the holiday . One of things that has always stood out to me was the part where Linus was quoting Scripture . It was n't a common thing to do when this was produced in the 1960 's , and this is definitely something that would not have been included if this special were being produced today . Another thing that stands out for this special is the soundtrack composed by Vince Guaraldi . When you hear a piece from this soundtrack , you recognize it instantly as a song from A Charlie Brown Christmas . When it comes to Christmas specials , A Charlie Brown Christmas is the first one that immediately comes to mind.This DVD edition that I have also comes with another Peanuts Christmas special called It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown . This particular special was produced in the 1980 's , and it includes a series of vignettes instead of one overall story . There are some amusing moments in this special , but it just ca n't hold a candle to A Charlie Brown Christmas . There are no bonus features included on this release.If you enjoy holiday specials and enjoy the Peanuts animation and strips , then A Charlie Brown Christmas should be part of your DVD library.I wrote this review after watching a copy of this DVD that my husband and I purchased .
 it is very nice to be able to get these old favorites on DVD and to be able to share them with my grandkids . The quality on the DVD 's was great.ThanksCathy
 great and fast to deal with will do buisness in the future
 Charles Schulz 's Peanuts gang deliver the true meaning of Christmas in this 1965 Holiday Classic beloved by millions ! Charlie Brown is more depressed than usual now that Christmas is in the air , and he really does n't know why . It soon becomes clear that his problem is the commercialization of the sacred holiday . A visit to Lucy 's psychiatry stand lands him in the director 's chair of their school 's upcoming Christmas pageant , but the lack of respect he gets from his cast and crew does little to cheer him up . Lucy 's next suggestion is that he take a break to purchase a Christmas tree for the show , but Charlie Brown 's selection of a scrawny twig of a tree instead of a gaudy aluminum one only makes things worse . Luckily , a recitation by Linus of the Christmas story from the Bible brings the Peanuts gang around to Charlie Brown 's way of thinking . The little tree finally gets the love it needs , and Charlie Brown gets renewed faith in the spirit of the season!Of all the holiday movies and specials ever to grace the television screen , this is the one no Christmas lover wants to miss ! This is the great one , the masterpiece , the tradition of traditions
 This is one of the best Christmas shows ever made . I just love the Charlie Brown Christmas specials . The second Christmas special is my favorite . This DVD is super because it has BOTH of the Christmas specials on the DVD . You get two for the price of one . I strongly suggest this DVD . You will not be sorry that you bought this DVD , if you go out and buy it . You will watch it over and over again .
 There 's no other way to describe A Charlie Brown Christmas than to call it a classic . It helped to make the Peanuts strip a household institution , and continues to be a Christmas tradition for millions . So ingrained in our consciousness is it that other shows ... can mention or refer to elements and automatically get a positive reaction.Filled with a still-valid message , in addition to numerous classic scenes , A Charlie Brown Christmas is a must have .
 For years and years , I always had to watch A Charlie Brown Christmas on broadcast television . I could never miss it ! I finally missed it this year , and had to buy the DVD . Now , I will still watch it , even in the dead of summer . Even though there 's nothing extra on the DVD , it 's still fun to have it around for whenever you feel like watching it ! A must have for kids and adults , alike !
 I do love `` Charlie Brown 's Christmas '' , a joy for the entire family , young and old . A Christmas play is being directed by Charlie Brown , and everyone is complaining . Charlie is sad because he does n't know the true spirit of Christmas , and his friend tells him the spirit of Christmas . The play was never finished though.I like this toon because `` Charlie Brown 's Christmas '' had the guts to tell about Gabriel telling the shepherds about the Good news that Baby Jesus was born in the manger . I would recommend this to all !
 What more can one say about this perfect Christmas perennial ? Quite often , growing up with annually televised programs can affect a person 's critique of the show , with personal feelings becoming involved in the remembrances of the actual quality of the work . Not with this one baby ! `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is quality going all the way , from the calm , cool opening with the Peanuts gang skating to Vince Guaraldi 's inspired score , the amazing on-target commentaries regarding commercialism , through the incredibly relevant and moving moment when Linus tells Charlie Brown -LRB- and all of us -RRB- the true `` meaning '' of Christmas . It amazes me whenever I experience that scene over and over again and my reaction to it never changes . Could we ever imagine , in today 's `` politically correct '' , and so much more `` enlightened '' era , having a cartoon character reciting a religious passage in an animated holiday special ... and all without any kind of preaching or forcing it down ones throat ? I 'm surprised TV networks can even televise it without editing what might be `` offensive '' to certain members of the audience.God Bless Us Everyone indeed.Luigi ~ NYC
 Every year , they air this special on CBS . I got it on video last year , and it 's so much fun to watch , you ca n't just watch it on Christmas , :-RRB- . Especially if you like the Peanuts gang who 'll never die even though Charles Schulz has .
 The entire Charlie Brown series are wonderful , just purchased this one for my grandson . Would recommend as gifts for friends and family .
 I loved the personal documentary review that this Christmas Movie had given . I like the innocence and characters of Charlie Brown , Lucy and Linus -LRB- and of course the rest of the characters in this favorite Christmas Classic -RRB- This is one of my Favorite Christmas Movies , along with :1 . It 's A Wonderful Life2 . A Christmas Story3 . Mrs. Santa Claus4 . Bell 's Of Saint Mary 's 5 . Going My Way6 . Prancer7 . A House Without a Christmas TreeI will always treasure and look for the viewing of this video Every Christmas . ThanksDave Lane
 Aside from the fact that A Charlie Brown Christmas is a seminal Christmas Special , can you imagine if CBS had decided NOT to air it ???? In the words of Charlie Brown , `` ARRRRRGH !! '' The suits at CBS did n't like it at first and did n't even want to air it but thank God for the almighty buck because they decided since they had spent the money , they might as well air it ... I wo n't give anymore away , but one of the extras on this DVD is a wonderful set of interviews with people like Bill Melendez , the director , Mrs. Charlies Schultz , Fred Silverman -LRB- CBS exec in charge of programming -RRB- , and many more .
 I was in the third grade when this premiered . It 's not Christmas without it and it always airs way too early on network television . You should own it . Everyone should .
 I received the item quickly and in the condition described -LRB- Used , Like New -RRB- . Very satisfied with product and shipper .
 One of my favorite Christmas shows of all time ! Great service from the provider .
 Few childrens ' offerings stand as tall as this towering classic . It is arguably the finest Peanuts classic - and perhaps the finest childrens ' Christmas special - of all time . Need I say more ?
 This was my first exposure to Charlie Brown outside the comic strip . I was no older than C.B. himself at the time , I 've grown older Charlie Brown is still a kid and he 's still searching for the meaning of Christmas . And with a little help from his friend Linus Van Pelt and a lot of help from St.Luke he succeeds . I won this in a holiday contest but if I had the money , I 'd gladly go out & buy it , this is one of those videos that 's too good to just rent , you got ta have it to keep . The label says it all `` a Peanuts classic '' and it is .
 Its wonderful to have this treasure out on DVD ! Charles Schulz was a genius , and this special his finest television work . Some extras would have been appropriate ; perhaps the rare Peanuts commercials and print ads for Ford . -LRB- `` How Green Was My Value ? '' -RRB- A must in any format !
 Stop right here ! This one is it ! Purchase this & none other ! ` Charlie Brown Christmas ' has never looked & sounded better . This is all the ` stuff ' that is Christmas , at least up through 1965 . Winter snow , ice-skating , snow-ball throwing , Christmas list to Santa , the nativity play & a not-so-great yet real tree ... & , of course , a real lengthy scriptural passage read by Linus ! Now it would n't be Schulz if there were n't his characters ' cynicism , materialistic concessions & rants ! This is the first real collaboration for Schulz , Melendez , Mendleson & the great Vince Guaraldi -LRB- music -RRB- . And it was all conceived & completed in 6-months !!! This unimaginable , limited amount of time actually worked in its success in that it looks nothing like Disney , Looney Toons & / or a pedestrian children 's Saturday cartoon.Schulz insisted that the integrity & look of his strip be evident in every frame which allowed Melendez -LRB- an ex-Disney animator -RRB- to move the gang statically -LRB- much like how ` South Park ' would look years later -RRB- , complete w/asides & glaring close-ups ... cheating , if you will , & yet establishing a sort of compromised ` strip-vs . - cartoon ' hybrid . It gave it its look -LRB- which , by the way , lost its trademark style in the early ' 70 's ... ugh ! What happened !?! -RRB- The other remarkable element are the voices themselves in that real children voices were used on the soundtrack . Here we have the best , most memorable voices in all the decades of this -LRB- or any other -RRB- animation . Christopher Shea -LRB- as Linus -RRB- & Peter Robbins -LRB- as Charlie Brown -RRB- are the only voices ... the only ... ! Even sister Sally 's voice is the best . In later installments the children sound like they 're reading a script as hired professionals . on ` Christmas ' they sound authentically conversational , witty , sarcastic & ` charlie-browny ' !!! They all were really funny too ! Just like real kids -LRB- w/adult minds ! -RRB- Guaraldi 's classic ` Linus & Lucy ' is used effectively in the dance at the school auditorium , as is his gorgeous ` ChristmasTime Is Here ' so perfect to open the skating Peanuts gang ! Guaraldi is a genius with his remarkable use of jazz & melody on nearly all his Peanuts ' scores . This one is particularly great , as sales of the CD soundtrack each & every year prove still sell so well -LRB- get the 2006 remaster ! -RRB- Of course , the reading of the gospel of Luke is not only remarkable for that time , but in the decades after , it 's so necessarily touching for this holiday ! Only Linus can do this each & every year ! Even though I 'm agnostic it brings a warm feeling to me everytime I hear it ... His lispy recitation is letter perfect & something only Charles Schulz can do through his signature cartoon character -LRB- s -RRB- ! It brings every year to a special -LRB- & tearful -RRB- hault!The only ` Christmas ' classic w/great schdicky animation & script ... a pot-pourri of all things Christmas , never to be topped again -LRB- except ` Polar Express ' ! -RRB- . This re-release also includes ` The Making of ... ' & it 's exciting to learn & watch . The added special ` Christmas Time Again ' really lacks the magic of the original '65 classic as do nearly all the others after the ' 60 's . Only nostalgia & chuckles ... good grief!We love you Charles Schulz ... come back to us ... & if you ca n't , at least we have this one-of-a-kind classic each & every year .
 This is the greatest Christmas story every made or told . I only buy `` Charlie Brown '' Christmas trees now . My wife hates them but she does n't understand what Christmas is all about .
 A Charlie Brown Christmas was a TV special by ABC back in the mid 1960s . I have not watched this in some time . The cartoon is not just about Charlie Brown being depressed and called a blockhead -LRB- although that inevitably happens -RRB- . It 's a message about what Christmas is really all about.The cartoon acknowledges commercialism -LRB- Christmas is run by a big Eastern conglomerate ! -RRB- but is totally okay with thumbing its collective animated nose at that and instead involves the viewer into the true meaning of Christmas.There is a jab at the psychiatric industry as well . Lucy gets her nickel from Charlie Brown and then says , `` Let 's see what 's wrong with you and then we can put a label on it . '' And then she proceeds to list all kinds of phobias . Funny stuff.The Christmas play is great , with awesome jazzified Christmas music by Vince Guaraldi as composer , and Linus ' speech on stage.This special had Coca Cola as the main sponsor and so some scenes were cut that had the Coca Cola parts in it.So as Linus warns Charlie Brown , do n't make Christmas a problem and just enjoy it . The TV special really shows the simplicity of Christmas.Recommended : The Vince Guaraldi Collection
 I was in the eighth grade back in 1965 when ' A Charlie Brown Christmas ' special debuted on network television and captured the hearts of American viewers in unprecedented fashion . It became an instant Christmas classic which has stood the test of time and is as popular today as it ever was . It 's kind of an amazing accomplishment for a cartoon , especially when you consider how much our culture has changed since the sixties . There 's something special about the childhood innocence and purity of spirit instilled in this production that touches everyone in a meaningful way . It just does n't get any better than this .
 I 've watched ' A Charlie Brown Christmas ' literally ever since I was born . Charlie Brown 's disgust at the commercialization of Christmas is ever more relevant -- never mind that the show was originally produced in the 1960 's . I could always relate to Charlie Brown . He is a nice guy who really tries hard to do the right thing -- but is underappreciated by his classmates just for being himself . His really big heart prompts a tree rescue and philosophical search for holiday meaning , itself a pretty admirable task for an animated special which could have done a less ambitious script.Linus 's school auditorium speech is supposed to get audiences in the show -- and at home -- thinking about the non-commercial side of Christmas . Christmas should not be about how much stuff you have , but what you can do for others . Again , this is a timeless message which easily transcends the original airdate and many perspectives who celebrate this holiday .
 There is no better Charlie Brown cartoon than this one . Even though it was written in the 60 's , it is amazing how resonating a story about the over commercialization of Christmas still is today . From the tin Christmas trees to Linus thinking that the holiday is run by an `` eastern syndicate '' , you could use these kind of things to apply to today -LRB- attention wal-mart shoppers -RRB- . Though far from being a religious person , I still love Linus ' speech about the true meaning of Christmas and it is interesting to learn the advertisers back in the day worried the cartoon was too religious for the viewing audience . Definitely a must see for the holiday season and it teaches kids a great lesson .
 Commenting on what a wonderful Christmas special this is would be superfluous
 When Mr. Schulz and Bill Melendez decided to launch this half-hour special for TV there were many things against the odds
 With Christmas coming to Peanuts-land , Charlie Brown suffers from holiday angst . The commercialism of the season , a mailbox always lacking Christmas cards and his little sister 's monetary demands to Santa make Chuck wonder if Christmas is really something to anticipate . Unable to get any good advice from a therapy session with Lucy , Charlie Brown seems destined to be miserable through the holidays . Of all the Charlie Browns in the world , he is indeed the Charlie Browniest.To cheer him up , the gang puts Charlie Brown in charge of a very weird Christmas pageant that features a Christmas Queen , Beethoven music , a few people dressed as nativity characters and a stage full of dancers doing the same dance steps over and over and over . But Orson Welles he is not , and Chuck fails as a director.His pals give him one last chance to redeem himself by putting him in charge of procuring a Christmas tree . It is at this moment that the show makes a drastic switch in tone and ambition . The opening acts are full of silly set-ups and easy jokes . But as Chuck and his faithful pal Linus set out toward the Christmas tree lot , the narrative slows and strives for poignancy.The perpetually needle-shedding little tree they obtain and Linus 's eventual speech on the true meaning of Christmas have become iconic moments for the holiday season . Linus himself seems to guide the last half of the show , as the baby-faced blankie-wielding introvert swoops in and steals Charlie Brown 's Christmas special from him . Linus sees the potential for greatness in the little tree , believing it only needs some love . Indeed , the eternal optimism and right-mindedness of Charlie Brown 's best friend transforms the show from a gloomy diatribe against modern Christmas to a declaration on the potential for beauty and wonder to blossom everywhere during the Christmas season .
 I have watched this Christmas special every year since I was three years old -LRB- 1965 -RRB- . It is a classic in every sense of the word . From Vince Guaraldi 's score to Linus 's true meaning of Christmas speech , everything brings back memories of sitting in the living room drinking a glass of milk and having a few Christmas cookies before bed . If there is one Christmas video to own , this is it . Make it a family tradition . My family has
 I have been a PEANUTS fan practically since I first learned to read -LRB- around the age of 2 , if my late mother 's oft-retold story is to be believed -RRB- . I alternated as a kid identifying the most with poor , picked-on , stumble-plagued Charlie Brown and bookish , thoughtful , sibling-harassed Linus van Pelt . In the wrong hands , animating these beloved characters -LRB- quite possibly the greatest ever created for a comic strip -RRB- for the first time could have been disastrous . God must surely have guided `` Sparky '' Schulz to the gentle-hearted animation team of Bill Melendez and Lee Mendelsohn , who gave his creation the care and love it deserved ; and them , in turn , to jazz great Vince Guaraldi for his inspired musical score -LRB- where do you think that famous PEANUTS theme music -- `` Linus & Lucy '' -- first came from ? -RRB- . Read Mendelsohn 's out-of-print 1970 book , CHARLIE BROWN & CHARLIE SCHULZ , or the more recent A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS anniversary-edition book for the full story behind the making of this timeless classic -- and the tremendous risks they took in making it the way they did and airing it that first time on CBS in 1965 . You 'll appreciate its magic , humor and warmth all the more when you know how perilously close it came to not being made or aired at all -- or worse , bombing in the Nielsen ratings and preventing the making of all the specials , feature films and even Broadway musicals -LRB- ! -RRB- that followed.All the silliness and the sentimentality only serve to make it more of an enduring treasure . And that powerful , climactic moment , when the gang 's resident philosopher , Linus -LRB- what an utterly fitting choice ! -RRB- , takes poor lost Charlie Brown and friends -- and all of us -- back to old school on the real reason for the season , with that sweet , simple reading of a few lines from the King James Gospel of Luke , can still move even a jaded , bitter `` recovering Catholic '' like me to tears . It remains the finest artistic rebuke to the ever-worsening commercialization of Christendom 's holiest day since Stan Freberg 's edgier , more satirical audio recording `` Green Chri $ tma $ '' of a decade earlier -LRB- and sadly , both are even more relevant today than they were back then -RRB- . If only poor Mr. Schulz could have lived to see his baby reach this milestone anniversary . It consoles me to know that , at the end of his life , all the cards , letters and E-mails he got in hospital surely made him realize that he had created something for the ages , to last well beyond his own lifetime . May new generations of children take A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS -- and all the rest of the wonderful world of PEANUTS -- to their hearts forevermore ... and grow up to share them with their own kids .
 How do you define one of the best half hour special movies of the Christmas season ? Charlie Brown , that 's how , and this really nice story focuses on Charlie and his friends , and one the antics of his dog , who `` buys into '' the contemporary or what we 'd call `` materialistic '' side of the holiday . In fact , this little film is a call to all of us to re-evaluate what our priorities are about . Everything from money to possessions to psychotherapy to absurdity to a simple tree to the actual `` Christmas Story '' as found in the Bible . This is a great little Christmas movie , and our family loves it.Every home should n't be without this highly recommended movie . And the music is great !!!
 I am a huge fan of cartoon Christmas specials . But Charlie Brown stands far and away above the rest . As Christmas approaches , Charlie Brown begins to feel that sense of emptiness that comes from being consumed with `` commercialized '' Christmas . He just has to find out what it 's all about . The thing that sets this movie apart from all the other great Christmas specials out there is that he really does find the true meaning of Christmas . `` For unto us is born this day in the city of David a Savior , which is Christ the Lord . '' So amidst the tinsel , lights , and credit card debts that seem to take over this Christmas , relax with your family and watch `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' to remind yourself what it 's all about .
 I have been watching a Charlie Brown Christmas since I was very little . I love watching Charlie and his little disoriented christmas tree . He always seems to find the beauty in everything even when the whole gang is against him . The scene in which Linus explains the true meaning of Christmas is one of my favorites . It makes me sad to think that so many people are against it . I was actually afraid that this year -LRB- 2004 -RRB- they wouldnt show this movie on TV because of the religious content but joy overwhelmed me when i saw the preview for it -LRB- next tuesday at 8:00 ! -RRB- I think we must go back to the basics , realize that Christmas isnt just about some big man in a suit delivering gifts to children . Its about family , spirituality and having an open mind -LRB- acceptance -RRB- . I recommend this movie to everyone because its hard to find something so simple yet so powerful these days .
 The new blu ray version of A Charlie Brown Christmas is excellent . The colors are superb , the sound too . And none of the original charm is lost . Highly recommended .
 I ordered this for my grand daughter with the hopes that she will fall in love with Peanuts and Snoopy and she will want all my collectibles someday !
 There are no words to discribe how good this special is . It is a Christmas tradition in our house to watch this special with our family . It helps everyone remember the true meaning of Christmas . we love a Charlie Brown christmas .
 We can only hope more classics as precious and timeless as this are in our future . A must see every Christmas .
 I love Snoopy . He is my favorite . And I love owning this classic and bringing it out every holiday season and watching it with family and friends . It never gets old . A timeless tradition !
 Classic Christmas favorite . Great price , great DVD . I love this movie and the soundtrack to it is absolutely amazing ! It 's been a tradition in my family to watch this at Christmastime every year for as far back as I can remember . -LRB-
 Great movie and quality is great . Bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it . It 'll be a yearly tradition to watch .
 `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' has become a staple of holiday specials since its first broadcast in 1965 . Its staying power can be attributed to its heartwarming story and simple message , along with Charles Schutz 's wonderful peanuts gang , including superdog Snoopy.As the story opens , Charlie Brown is overwhelmed by the commercialism of the Christmas season . Lucy , in her recuring role as streetcorner phychologist , guides him to a role as director of the school Christmas play . That works out about as well as it usually does , but it leads Charlie Brown to a fateful encounter with a Christmas tree that needs a home , and to Linus ' famous explanation of the Christmas spirit . `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is short , sweet , and enjoyable by all ages ; highly recommended .
 Hard to believe this special has stood the test of time and it will for many more Christmases to come ! `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is a classic for families that share the real meaning of Christmas for which I can agree with ! If you have never seen it , maybe you will get something out of it ! I enjoyed this !!
 Like `` It 's a Wonderful Life , '' this animated film has imprinted on the American psyche the meaning of the Christmas holiday season .
 Great Quality . Brought back my childhood memories which I can now share with my kids .
 I got this for my daughter for christams as a stocking stuffer ... she loved it for she likes Chrile Brown .
 I 'm not going to review the special as I think it does n't need much explanation . If you are of a Christian inspired faith , its a heartwarming classic the whole family can love.Amazon streaming of the video beats keeping the DVD around and unscratched . I love amazon 's video service .
 Who does n't love this one ! It 's a favorite . Ca n't wait until Christmas time to watch it over and over again with the kids .
 This was my first time ordering something on the internet and I was a little worried , because I am always reading comments or other ratings -LRB- good and bad -RRB- . It was great because I had to show the movie at the Youth Group I head up and it said the latest the movie would come in was that Friday -LRB- the day AFTER I needed to show it -RRB- . But luckily it came in a day BEFORE I needed which was excellent ! I got it in the mail and played it on my dvd player to check it out . It was magnificent ! They color , the sound , and everything else was amazing ! - probably even better than when it first came on tv . I liked how it came with an extra show from the Peanuts gang and it even had a documentary . I learned many things about A Charlie Brown Christmas that I did n't even know or would of thought about ! It truly made A TRUE Charlie Brown Christmas for my Youth Group and my family -LRB- who watched it on Christmas eve -RRB- !
 Charlie Brown Christmas and It 's Christmastime Again Charlie Brown brings back a lot of good memories of being a child . These are great movies to buy for your children holiday viewing pleasure .
 It was a gift for my dad and he loved it . One of his favorite holiday movies . Which he always seems to miss each year . Now he will have it always .
 We bought this for our grandson who loves Charlie Brown . Whenever Charlie Brown is on for the holidays I have him watch it . So now he can start his own collection of them .
 I love it and thankful to have this especially in subtitle for me to &#34; lipread &#34; what they are saying . I will watch it again and again for Christmas time !
 this was one of my daughters all time favorite Christmas show . I bought it for her for Christmas . We watched it together on her big screen tv and I was amazed at how good the picture was .
 This is a classic that is timeless ... pass this wonderful animation Christmas tale down to your children , or revisit your childhood and watch this at Christmas time to put you in the `` spirit . ''
 I love watching this movie , but i love watching it more , when Christmas come 's around.and it opens something that most of us forget about , and that 's the true meaning of Christmas.It show 's how people only care about gift 's , and forget that Christmas is The celebration and birth of Jesus Christ.And also on how Charlie Brown found a tree that no one else thought was special , but he knew it was.Like i said Great film for Christmas time or not , and for the price you ca n't beat that.There is a lot more to this film that make 's it great , but those two thing 's that i mention , are one of the reason 's i love this film .
 Great tape , came quickly works great . This was a Christmas present for my little sister in 2009 and she loves it , it works great then and now . She still watches it . The vcr stopped working , but the tape still plays great in the new vcr . I also ordered several other Charlie Brown tapes and they are all great . I recomend this seller and would buy from again .
 I was looking for clarity and a picture that would completely fill my HD television screen without manipulation . I found it with this DVD and could n't be happier .
 This is a classic Christmas tale and was a wonderful gift . I bought it for my friend and she said she will watch it every year .
 It 's a movie that I 've already seen , so I knew I 'd love it . The movie was in perfect condition along with the case . Would definitely order a movie again from Amazon .
 Yes , indeed , particularly as we stumble around uncertainly in this brand new year ! `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' along with `` Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer '' and `` How the Grinch Stole Christmas '' remain the three most favorite Christmas specials of my childhood . I was lucky enough to view all three of them on their initial airdates , and each year thereafter including this past year . I was already a big `` Peanuts '' enthusiast for several years , besides reading it in the daily paper ; I also collected paperback anthologies of the comic strips that I believe cost all of $ 1.25 per copy . So , when `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' debuted on CBS on Thursday December 9 , 1965 , I was right there in front of the television set , even though I was seeing it in glorious black and white . My parents did n't buy a color set for another couple of years . Regardless , I loved it and still do ; it would n't be Christmas without viewing it at least once . This past Christmas I both watched it on network television just to keep my hand in so to speak , and also on this DVD . Commercial free and unedited the DVD wins hands down!What makes this a timeless classic that remains evergreen fresh over 46 years past it 's original showing ? To begin at the beginning , let 's credit cartoonist Charles Schulz who cobbled together some scenes from past Christmas strips along with some fresh , original ideas into a sweet , simple story that had a universal appeal . He wanted the snowy background , remembering his boyhood winters in Minnesota . More importantly he was a deeply religious man . It also was he who insisted on retaining Linus ' glorious recitation of the Christmas Gospel of St. Luke , even though Bill Melendez , the animator/director was nervous that it might be considered `` too religious '' for network television . Schulz 's frank , firm response settled the issue once and for all , `` Bill , if we do n't do it , who else can ? We 're the only ones that can do it . '' Thank goodness , he prevailed that soliloquy is the heart and soul of the special.Schulz was also concerned that the simplicity and integrity of his comic strip characters be retained ; he did n't want them elaborately animated or `` Disneyfied '' . Here Executive Producer Lee Mendelson and Animator/Director Bill Melendez stepped in making sure that Charlie Brown and Company would move and speak but remain as close as possible to their appearance in the strip , not be fleshed out and three dimensional with lots of detail . The background settings were simply drawn and executed as well.The third element was a memorable , beautifully executed musical score by renowned jazz musician Vince Guaraldi that perfectly caught the mood of the piece , enhancing the action and that has become a modern classic . Besides the wonderful opening song `` Christmastime is Here '' , the most renowned composition is `` Linus and Lucy '' which accompanies all the gang as they dance joyously on the stage of the school during the rehearsal for the Christmas pageant . I have a fond memory myself of a company Christmas party about twenty years ago when a group of friends and myself were on the dance floor and the DJ played this cut , and someone shouted `` Hey , everyone dance like `` Peanuts '' ! '' and instantly we all started dancing like the different characters ! I took the part of the nameless boy with the spikey hair that turned to the right and left while shrugging his shoulders up and down.Another important factor was that actual kids the approximate ages of the `` Peanuts '' gang were used to supply the voices . this was quite refreshing , most times up to now adults had supplied the vocals for children in animation with the exception of the Disney films . Having real children added immersurably to the authenticity and naturalness . Kudos all round to this young group of actors but most especially to Peter Robbins as Charlie Brown , Christopher Shea as Linus , Tracy Stafford as Lucy and Kathy Steinburg as Sally Brown , who all captured the essence of their characters . They were all marvelous actors as well , particularly young Master Shea who brought a wellspring of emotion and depth of feeling to his recitation of the Nativity Gospel . I can pay them no higher compliment than to say they sounded just the way I 'd imagined their characters would . The lone adult to lend his voice was Mr. Melendez who proved to be an inspired choice for the unique sound of Snoopy and later Woodstock as well.One of my own personal reasons that this remains my favorite of all the `` Peanuts '' specials and movies is that it features the original characters from the first years of the strip
 Can never go wrong with Charie Brown and the gang ! Love all their holiday fun ! Ca n't get enough of Charlie and the gang !!
 It would not be Christmas without watching A Charlie Brown Christmas . It never fails to get me teary eyed when Linus tells the Christmas story . And I wait for the part when all the kids dance . The soundtrack is priceless .
 This program was and still is one of my favorites . Watched all the Charlie Brown characters for years . Love them and love this CD . Got this as a present for Christmas from my daughter . Just the best !!!
 In 1965 , `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' was first seenontelevision , and it told the story of our hero confronted with yetanother problem . Good grief ! Christmas is coming and he 's not happy . As he explains to his friend , Linus , no one is thinking about the true meaning of the holiday . His sister , Sally , is only concerned about the presents she will get ; his friend Lucy wants to buy a `` big , shiny , aluminum Christmas tree '' ; even his dog Snoopy enters his doghouse in a contest for the best-deorated house in the neighborhood . When Charlie Brown is persuaded to direct the school Christmas pageant , he declares `` This is one play that 's not going to be commercial ! '' ... ~ PEANUTS
 The dvd worked shipped on time . Now for the 14 more words . I hate filling out these you have to do this reviews
 I bought this to use in China in my oral English classes . Unfortunately , I have n't had the opportunity to use it yet .
 Some films are so groundbreaking and original that you have to remark that you will not see anything like it at all again . Well , this special is exactly that . It 's one of those films that has a effect on everybody from age one to 120 . It defined a era where everything was simple and too the point . Also , it had the message that everybody seeked yet it was n't murky not to see it . It is one of my favorite childhood films of all time and it 's a joy to sit down and watch it every year with the family . It 's the only Christmas film to make me excited for the season and yet still enjoy why we do celebrate . It 's not one of those christmas films you see churned out every year that exploits the season and only has money to gain . I mean , this movie is anti commercial because it 's saying that we lost our way in the hustle and bustle of getting gifts for everybody that we have lost the true meaning in WHY we get the gifts . Charlies Shultz could create the most simplistic characters that you could see yourself it . It 's a film that needs to be locked into a vault and stored in for protection just so future generations that get lost in the season can simply unearth it and find out why Christmas exists .
 I bought this dvd because they tell the Christmas story on this updated 1956 edition and want my granddaughters see the video .
 What can I say ? If you never saw this as a kid , then I pity you.Make this video a must buy and watch it with your kids !
 This is a timeless Christmas classic that still brings a lump to your throat . The music from this special is wonderful as well . A classic !
 This simple cartoon brings home the real reason for Christmas . A simple tale , well told . -LRB- P.S. the second cartoon included could be left behind ... -RRB-
 HELLO ITS CHRISTIANS COUSIN ME CHRISTIANS AUNT MTY AUNT AND MY SISTERS BOYFRIEND AND MY DOG AND MY NIECE ANNA LEAFA AND CHRISTIANS AUNTS FRIEND MARNA ALL LOVE THIS VIDEO VITS THE GRAITEST VIDEO OF ALL I DONT LIKE WHEN THEY KAUGTH AT HIM I MEEN WHY DO THEY LAUGTH AT HIM THEY SHULD FORGIVE HIM FOR TRYING TO PICK OUT THE RIGHT TREE UG I HAVE BEEN KISSED BY A DOG GETHOT WATER GET SOME DESIINFACRED GET SOME MIADINE I LOVE THE BEGING WHEN THEY SING CHRISMAS TIME IS HERE ITS SOO FUNNY WHEN THEY SAY CHARLIE BROWN URE THE ONLY PERSIBI KNOW WGO COULD DRARE A WIBDERFULL SESAN LIKE CHRISMAS AND TURN IT IN TO A PROUBLAM AND WHEN LUCI SAYS LINOS YOUVE GOT TA GET RID OF THAT STUPID BLANKET WHATS A CHRISMAS SHEPRED GON NA LOOK LIKE WITH A BLANKET LIKE THAT ITS THE BEST VIDE I HAVE EVER SEEN I SAY THE OTHER VIVEWERS ARE SOO DUM AND HARABLEE
 il never forget this adorbele penuts claqdick series hey kids do you like like christmad time is here in the begining tuats me marna and auntdawns most favarite part i lisend to the music on my way to a party with aunt dawn and roodi a friend of hers she said this was her favaritev movie exept i dont know why she saod this has been a favrite most favrrite of mine for a long time tooo i hAD THE MOVIE FOR ABIUT A YEAR AND A HAFF NOW ONE OF MY FRIENDS NAMED DANNY WOARD WANTS TO WACH THIS OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN EH ASKS ME IF HE WOULF LIKE TO WACH IT EVERY YEAR IL CALL HIM UP AN ASK HIM IF HE WOULD LIKE TO SEE THE MOVIE IM SURE HE WOULD IF WERE AWAY MY FATHER SAID HE WOUL PROMICE TO RECORD THE MOVE WHEN IT COMES ON AND WEL LWACH IT WHEN IT COMES ON
 I could n't find it any any stores . Still looking for 1 more to complete the CB set that my little ones have . The only place that I could find lots os CB stuff was Hallmark , but do n't carry the DVDs .
 As all Charlie 's Brown films , remembers those old comic strips of the newspapers in those Charles M. Shulz exposed thoughts of life philosophy through his characters . By the way that Shulz , said by people that met him in his residence in Santa Rosa -LRB- CA -RRB- , he was seen with a bad enough personnel character ! Life contrasts !
 Missed the broadcast this year , so I needed my C.B. fix ! Would n't be Christmas without it so I now I can watch it while we decorate the tree or anytime .
 My grandchildren LOVED IT !!! Played it all day . One grandson who plays a bit of piano picked up two of the songs and was playing them by the afternoon of Christmas day
 What else can I say ? All that love CB should own this DVD . I love Charlie Brown and this is a true Christmas classic .
 Charles Shultz was a master at getting his story across . LOVE this story because it gives hope to everyone watching it , AND it includes the TRUE Christmas Story which ... &#34; That 's what Christmas is all about , Charlie Brown ! &#34; How can you go wrong with that ?
 Being able to watch something like A Charlie Brown Christmas whenever I want is so soothing to the soul . Especially since I get really busy around the holidays and ca n't always catch it on TV .
 We 've watched this many times on TV , but this was the best way to view it . The &#34; extras &#34; were excellent and know more about the history of Charles Schultz and his career . Also finding how how the &#34; Charlie Brown Christmas &#34; came about was wonderful .
 One of the fun movies to watch at Christmas time ! One of the few movies at Christmas time that actually portrays the real meaning of Christmas !
 Always loved watching A Charlie Brown Christmas on TV during the holiday season , now I can watch it any time.The extra features included were great , one I had never seen before . Thoroughly enjoyable speaking as a Charlie Brown fan .
 A Christmas classic and just as good the umpteenth time around !! Have to watch it a couple of times during the season .
 Americans have known this TV cartoon since it first aired in 1965 . But for an immigrant like me , I only saw it for the first time a few years ago . I knew about Charlie Brown and saw some of the half-hour shows when i was younger . But I did not see the Christmas Special until the early 2000s . I am very fond of this Christmas special . From all the beloved characters to the highly original and very festive jazz soundtrack performed by The Vince Guaraldi Trio ; a classic in its own right.But the one moment in the show that still moves me deeply is Linus ' speech about the true meaning of Christmas . To quote from the Gospel in a cartoon was extremely daring and met with tremendous resistance when the show was to be aired . But Charles Schultz was steadfast in his determination that nothing be changed from his original idea.So I am watching this Christmas special and laugh occasionally , empathize with Charlie occasionally and find the cartoon mildly humourous . Then there is the moment when Charlie Brown cries out for someone to tell him about the true meaning of Christmas ... . and then Linus takes center stage.When little Linus takes the stage , he recites the birth of Jesus as written in the Gospel of Luke in a very undramatic but completely innocent tone . Amazingly , it carries more impact than any sermon from the multitude of preachers , televangelists and bible-preaching ministers I have seen in Church or on TV . There is something truly moving in this narrative , whether you are a Christian or not . The matter of fact way in which Linus recites the Bible , describing the birth of Jesus makes the message more powerful and in the context of the show , very moving.It is one of TV 's most iconic moments and it is a scene I can watch over and over and never tire of it . So simple and yet it has endured for nearly 50 years .
 This heartwarming classic has been fully restored to an exceptional level of quality . The visual images are stunning and the soundtrack by Vince Guaraldi has also been remastered and sounds great . I would heartily recommend this product without any reservation whatsoever !!!!!!!!!!
 There was more to this disc than I expected . It has several additions that were good to watch . The cartoon itself is a good reminder of what Christmas is all about . Great for the kids or grandkids , or even the Scrooge sitting on the sofa .
 Charlie Brown searches for the true meaning of Christmas in a world besieged by commercialism . The story Charlie Brown 's quest works on a number of different levels , making it worthwhile viewing for children and adults . This half-hour special hits the mark with its message , its wit , music and charm .
 Even though I have watched `` A Charlie Brown Christmans '' almost every year since it was first created and have been a Charlie Brown fan forever , this is a classic Christmas story that never gets old . In fact , I can definitely say even though it was made 40 years ago , I believe children 40 years from now will enjoy and appreciate this masterpiece . I definitely intend to get a copy , to go along with the great musical CD by Vince Guaraldi .
 I 'm almost 14 years old and this has to be one of my favorite charlie brown videos I have it on video and I watch every year it always comes on tv at Christmas time on cbs and I enjoy this film as much as I enjoy all the other peanut holiday videos like `` It 's the great Pumpkin Charlie Brown '' `` Charlie Brown thanksgiving '' '' Be My Valentine Charlie Brown '' It 's the Easter Beagle Charlie Brown '' I have those 4 on video I just love this one as much as I love all the peanut holiday videos get this for your family and buy the these other 4 too I guarantee it will make your day shine bright for the rest of your life .
 Simply , this is the best Christmas show ever produced.If it were made presently , the edge would be off , the sountrack would be sung by various `` divas '' and teen hearththrobs , and Charlie Brown himself would different . This masterpiece , which was awarded a Peabody -LSB- and an emmy -RSB- , is no less than a subtle , full frontal attack on Christmas as it is now celebrated.By using the beloved Peanuts characters.Schultz gets away with something that now he would be censored for . The plot , known to most , is simple . In this first Peanuts special , Charlie Brown , hapless everyman with a good great heart , is looking for the soul of ChristmAS.With his intrepid buddy Linus -LSB- and his ever present security blanket -RSB- , he becomes the head -LSB- director -RSB- of the local christmas pagent . When he is sent out to buy a christmas tree , well , you 'll see.Linue delivers the most accurate summation of christmas known to exist.No teacher , scholar , theologian , etc.could ever touch this.The ending , itself is perfect.Vince Guaraldi 's score is now legendary , and if anything is UNDERRATED.For a few years CBS used to , this is delicious irony , cut off the ending to bring a commercial!Boy , they sort of missed the boat , hunh?Do yourself a favor , buy this , play it whenever you get depressed.Better than prozac , and no side effects.I 'd give it 10,20,30 stars !!!!!!!!!!
 This video has been around longer than me and has earned a place in my heart . It is a must have for every one who collects Peanuts ' videos . Though it was done in 1965 it still holds true today . It is full of wit and charm and is fun and entertaining for all ages . It has become a Christmas tradition in our home to watch it every year !
 ... if I do n't get to see this each year . I 've been watching it since I was knee high to a grass-hopper . Snoopy and the gang are great but what really made this is the Vince Guaraldi Music .
 Very good film for children at Christmas time of our famous Charlie Brown and his particular way to live . I remember when I have watched it on TV by the first time when I was a teenager and now I 'm so glad because I have this story on DVD . Do n't miss it and enjoy it !
 A classic Charlie Brown story you need to add to your collection . Nothing else like it out there . Happy viewing !
 This is a keepsake . I 've enjoyed `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' for many years , tried not to miss is on TV , finally recored it on VHS , wore out that copy . Wanted a DVD to watch with my grandkids , hopefully in the near future .
 I enjoy M&eacute;hdi `` Christmas Treasures '' , Josh Groban , Mannheim Steamroller etc.and this a magnificent production that I also enjoy just as much.The first prime-time Peanuts special introduced Charles M. Schulz 's timeless gang to the world of television and was awarded both an Emmy and a Peabody award . Originally broadcast December 9 , 1965 , on CBS -- years before Seasonal Affective Disorder entered our lexicon -- the story is driven by Charlie Brown , sort of a tyro Scrooge made even more miserable by the increasingly crass commercialism of holiday cheer . Charlie agrees to direct the school Christmas pageant and in the process tries to discover the true meaning of the holiday . Although its animation is dated and its evangelism is unsubtle , A Charlie Brown Christmas -- like all the Peanuts holiday specials -- is so good-hearted that it 's very easy to overlook its flaws . Linus wrapping his blanket around the tiny , stunted tree remains among the most endearing images ever produced for network television . For grown-ups , this is how Charlie Brown and Snoopy and Sally will always be remembered , stumbling and dancing around the school stage in a childish torrent of goodwill . For kids , the simple charm of the white beagle with black ears and his friends will likely beguile them from here to next Tuesday . The new DVD is unedited and includes footage that was shorn after the initial broadcast , as well as the more recent special , It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown.Also Recommended : M&eacute;hdiChristmas Treasures , A True Gem .
 Every year , millions watch `` What a Wonderful Life '' as the quintessential American Christmas story . But , I would intone that if they are n't watching `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' they are missing out on one of the very best American Christmas stories and a chance to bond as a family , as a group of friends , or just savor sincerity and peace on a wonderful level . Charles Schultz 's characters are winners . It 's no wonder they 've been charming us all since the 1950 's . There are extras here , but `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' needs no support - it IS one of those magic moments of our generation and will continue to charm into the future . Share it with the family this season and you 'll not regret it - in fact , you 'll all be enriched .
 The animation is simplistic , crude , even outdated . But the sincerity and honesty behind the plot of A Charlie Brown Christmas overrides whatever technical inadequacies the production has . The quality of the animation actually adds to the charm of the viewing experience , much like watching another Christmas classic , It 's A Wonderful Life , in black and white.A Charlie Brown Christmas is one Christmas tradition that families should include along with trimming the tree , Christmas story reading , Christmas dinner and carol singing .
 I grew up watching this show at home on TV with my parents every Christmas season . It 's the whole humorous Peanuts gang punctuated with the true meaning of Christmas near the end . Sweet . Got ta love it !
 Just like I remembered it when I was a kid . My son -LRB- 11 -RRB- also enjoyed it alot !
 Christmas is about more than santa and presents . It 's more than just the biggest tree with the best decorations . It 's about a babe in a manger , three wise men and eternal salvation . In an innocent way only Charles Shultz and the crew can do , Charlie Brown -LRB- And Linus , et al -RRB- deliver this message loud and clear . I say everyone needs to buy this DVD before everything related to God and Jesus and the true meaning of Christmas is removed from the world ... It 's sad when a cartoon such as this may very well be one of the last strongholds Christians have on our own identity.My own personal soapbox aside , this movie is great . It 's timely , even today . It 's meaningful and it 's truth personified . It teaches about the things that really matter in life , not the superficial garbage most people tend to worry about during the holidays.God Bless Charlie Brown !
 Christmas is n't complete unless you watch this movie at least once during the holiday season .
 I watched `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' when it first aired in the 60 's and just about every Christmas since then ! It is my favorite Christmas cartoon not just because it is entertaining , but it has a message about the true meaning of Christmas ! This little cartoon has become a tradition in our family . Older children who are used to fast-paced , action cartoons may find it a bit on the slow side , but adults and small children will enjoy its look at the Christmas season . Its message is timelier today than it was in 1965 . Plus the musical score has also become a classic . This DVD includes a second Peanuts Christmas special , `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown '' . While it is not in the same class as `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' , it is still very fun to watch . Highly recommended !
 How do you not love this story?Charlie Brown and the gang remind us that the true meaning of Christmas is not in putting on a perfect Christmas pageant , or finding and receiving the perfect gift , but in celebrating the Savior 's birth . I love watching them with the scrawny little tree , as they remember what Christmas is all about.This movie is a must-have in my opinion !
 Coming from England , I 'd never heard of this movie , though I always enjoyed reading the Peanuts comic strips whenever I came across them . After moving to the US and hearing so much about it from my friends I decided to buy it for myself to see what all the fuss was about.In short , I loved it ! It is the most heartwarming and poignant little Christmas story I have ever seen , and I can understand why it stirs such warm memories in my friends , most of whom are in the 25-35 year old age category . The colours are bright and vivid , and the music is incredibly apt while still being jolly . The early scene where Charlie Brown is standing at the window looking out at the falling snow , while the piano theme plays in the background simply makes you feel better just for having seen it!I suppose it brings back childhood memories for us all , the happiest of which we selectively retain . It was great to be young an innocent , and to have lots of friends , and just enjoy the simplicity of playing in the snow . Charles Schultz knew this , and it permeates all his cartoons - as does his inherent warmth and good naturedness.If you have children , buy this for yourself then pretend it was for them ! For my part , I oringinally intended to watch this every Christmastime . Now I just watch it whenever I need cheering up.Granted it is only 25 minutes long , and the sequel is pretty weak sadly , but anything that makes you feel this good is money well spent . Do n't hesitate , just buy it !!!!
 I am 10 years old and a huge fan of the Peanuts . Each Christmas I watch this movie at least once and I am never disappointed . The kids ' Christmas pagaent , Snoopy 's 1st prize ribbon for Best Decorated DogHouse , and Charlie 's poor little broken-down tree are stand-outs . All the characters shine ... Lucy and her group are as bratty as ever , Linus is as wise , Shroeder -LRB- sp ? -RRB- is as bent on Beethoven , and , of course , good ol' Charlie Brown , the old soul , is as wishy-washy and awkward is his loveable way . The gang adds something to my Christmas every holiday season .
 `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' , originally aired in 1965 , is simply a PERFECT television program ! It can make you laugh , and cry , and think ! I watch this program at least once every Christmas season , and have never failed to enjoy it immensely ! It 's similar to Christmas itself ... it 's there to be treasured each and every year ! There are so many little things we remember , and love , about this standout cartoon
 A lot of people think the `` spirit of the season '' or the `` true meaning of Christmas '' is that people should be generous and charitable . Although people should remember the less fortunate at all times of the year , including Christmas , the true reason for this Christian holiday is to remember the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ . Linus recites the Christmas story from the Bible , explaining to Charlie Brown that the birth of Christ is what Christmas is all about . `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is one of the only cartoon Christmas specials that I know actually discusses the TRUE `` true meaning of Christmas . '' I enjoyed watching this cartoon as a child and I 'm sure my own daughter will enjoy it , too .
 Poor Charlie Brown is sad around holiday time ... In a way he was right about the holiday being to Comercial . . The Peanuts do a WONDERFUL job of telling kids about the true meaning of Christmas . It is not just getting presants . . It is about having friends and family around . I wo n't spoil the rest , but watch for Linus telling Charlie Brown what Christmas is really about . . This is something all of us could watch and feel good about . .
 Word has it that Charles Schultz , when presented with the idea of an animated Christmas special for television based on his wildly popular `` grown-up '' kids , he insisted that it feature the Bible prominently . The studio honchos thought this would be poison ; Schultz held out , feeling that the message of the Christmas story was infinitely more compelling than something fictional and fanciful . He was right , of course , and Linus ' shepherd soliloquy remains the highlight of this delightful , melancholy and enduring musical treat . Those Peanuts characters , with their odd heads and instantly recognizable voices , are as much philosophers as they are cartoons . This is one special everyone should watch every year , and get a bit of real Christmas .
 Wonderful -- it 's a timeless holiday treasure that people of ages can enjoy . It 's funny , touching , and offers a sweet search for the &#34; true meaning of Christmas . &#34;
 This program is as wonderful this year as it was the very first year I saw it . I watched it on my Kindle Fire last night and could not get over just how clear the picture was and how crisp the sound was . I enjoyed and appreciated the extra programing after the main show , but the newer shows will never be as good to me as the original ! I actually missed the advertiser and advertisements that sponsored the program in the first years ; - -RRB- Streaming this from my Kindle to my TV will allow for the rest of the family to watch ... and did you ever think , when you watched this for the very first time , that you would watch this on your own personal TV -LRB- tablet/android/phone -RRB- and then stream it to your big screen TV ? I know I never would have dreamed of such a thing !
 Perhaps the most endearing of all the Charlie Brown specials is `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' , the first in a long series of made for t.v. half hour films portraying the famous Peanuts Gang.For almost forty years , watching `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' has been an eagerly anticipated event for millions of households . I recall watching it as far back as twenty-two years ago , and have watched it every Christmas since . `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' was made in a time when commercialism was running rampant all over the country . Stores advertising to shoppers what they ought to buy , long before Thanksgiving had come and gone . Unfortunately , we still see this blatant commercialism today , which makes this short film so very poignant and all the more special.Charlie Brown is assigned to direct the school Christmas pageant , much to his glee ; for he feels accepted and worthy . When Lucy tells him to go out and get an alumminum tree , he takes Linus along with him . What Charlie Brown ultimately gets is a small , sickly looking tree , which is rapidly loosing its needles . But , Charlie can see how much the tree `` needs him '' , somebody ; something which he can identity with.When he returns , he finds the gang dancing to un-Christmas like music , instead of rehearsing their lines . They stop to take a look at the tree he brought , immediately burtsing out in mocking laughter . Apparently Charlie Brown has failed again . In disgust and humiliation he flees , taking the tree with him . And when he comes upon Snoopy 's dog house , all decked out in Christmas lights , not to celebrate the joyous holiday , but to win money in a contest , Charlie Brown has had enough , and almost loses all faith in Christmas.Linus saves the day , somehow able to bring the tree back to life , and make it look much healthier and stronger . But it is when he explains the meaning of Christmas that the `` gang '' gets the point of Christmas , and what Charlie Brown was trying to do . `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' ends with newfound meaning for Christmas , hopefully not soon forgotten by either the Peanuts Gang , or , more importantly ... us .
 I realize that I am writing this several weeks after Christmas , and this is a Christmas DVD , but this is the first year that I missed watching `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' on television , so I rented the DVD . Ever since I was a little boy , this has been my favorite Christmas special , and one that I always looked forward to watching every year . I grew up reading the Peanuts comic strips and I grew up watching the Peanuts Christmas special.Charlie Brown is depressed . He ca n't seem to get himself into the Christmas spirit . He does n't like the commercialism of Christmas and scarcely knows the true meaning of Christmas . Lucy selects Charlie Brown to be the director of their Christmas play and he decides to get a Christmas tree for the production . The other kids tell him to get a `` nice shiny aluminum tree , maybe a pink one '' , but Charlie Brown and Linus bring back a sad looking real tree . Charlie Brown is almost laughed out of the auditorium , but when he asks if anyone knows what Christmas is all about , Linus has the answer . Linus recites a passage from the Bible telling of the birth of Jesus . Charlie Brown is cheered and leaves with the tree . He tries to decorate the little tree , but even that is ruined . Linus and the gang follow behind , fix up the tree , and at the end , they show the true spirit of Christmas.It is a sweet little Christmas special , filled with memorable moments that will always make me smile . The one thing that amazes me is that Charles Schulz was able to include Linus 's speech near the end about the birth of Jesus . I do n't imagine that would have been able to be included today , but I think the special is all the stronger for it . I have a hard time imagining that any new Christmas show will ever hold as special a place in my heart as `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' . This DVD also includes `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown '' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . This Christmas feature is lacking the overall charm and emotion of the older special , but it has a lot more humor . It is also different from the first Christmas special in that this one is more a series of vignettes -LRB- perhaps based on Schulz 's comic strips -RRB- than a complete story . There are sequences with Charlie Brown trying to sell Christmas wreaths before Thanksgiving , and of Sally rehearsing for a Christmas play . Sally 's sole line is `` Hark ! '' , though I think she missed the rest of her lines where the herald angels sing . It is a cute cartoon , but ultimately it does not quite live up to `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' , but it my mind , nothing can live up to that one .
 We all know how we love watching this every year , but is it really worth it to buy the Blu-ray ? Well , you do n't just get a Blu-ray disc with this release , you also get a second disc that is essentially the remastered SD-DVD that is playable on any standard DVD player . Also , this DVD allows you to download the feature onto your computer/laptop/ipod . So for $ 20 you get three versions of the film -LRB- HD , SD , portable -RRB- . The picture quality on the Blu-ray is a little better than the remastered DVD , the colors are a little bolder for sure -LRB- I 'm watching on a professionally calibrated 50 '' Pioneer Kuro -RRB- . Also , there is a new 5.1 audio mix that was not on the standard DVD that sounds very engaging.If you already own the remastered DVD , I would n't necessarily rush out and buy this . If you do n't have the remastered DVD , it 's a must buy because you get the Blu-ray and remastered DVD -LRB- and the `` free '' download -RRB- for a halfway decent price .
 There really were aluminum Christmas trees back then . There were also pink frosted trees with some really psychedelic decorations , too.I 've watched this every year since I was a child . I used to stare up at the TV while CBS played that `` SPECIAL '' graphic and music and then ... there it was
 Do n't let the animation fool you , this is as much a movie for adults as it is for children . The classical score and the witty dialogue combine to make this one of the most sophisticated cartoons and one of my most cherished Christmas traditions . It is heartwarming to watch as Charlie Brown and the Peanuts gang rediscover the true meaning of Christmas .
 Christmas is coming , but Charlie Brown ca n't get into the Christmas spirit . Seems all the hustle and bustle leaves him feeling sad . Lucy suggests that he direct the Christmas play , but it does n't seem to be helping . Can Charlie Brown find the real meaning of Christmas?This is an absolute holiday classic . I can remember watching this every year when it was on , and today it never fails to put me in the Christmas mood . It 's really amazing how well this stands up , even though the animation is far from perfect and some of the references are out of date . -LRB- Aluminum trees anyone ? -RRB- Still , for me , that 's part of the charm . All the characters are true to their comic strip personalities , making for some very funny lines and moments.Also included on the DVD release is It 's Christmas Time Again , Charlie Brown . This second special is an animated collection of some of the Christmas themed strips from the late 80 's . There 's no single story and it 's not as charming as the first , but I enjoy it and its great moments . -LRB- `` Hockey Stick ! '' -RRB- The DVD offers no extras beyond these two Christmas features , but the picture quality and sound are excellent.This DVD is a must for all Peanuts fans , but belongs in the library of anyone who enjoys Christmas specials so it can be enjoyed year after year .
 `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' first aired on CBS in December 1965 -LRB- `` brought to you by Dolly Madison and the people in your town who bottle Coca-Cola '' -RRB- , and has been revived every year since , most recently on ABC . Even so , this charming animated classic exudes such warmth and genuine holiday spirit that it deserves a permanent place in the collection of anyone who values the true meaning of Christmas and the late Charles M. Schulz 's all too human `` Peanuts '' characters.Schulz once said that his legendary comic strip was never intended for children , and `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' may hold greater meaning for adults , especially those who remember it from their childhood . Who ca n't relate to Charlie Brown and his inability to find joy in the season proclaimed by everyone as the happiest of all ? Today , he would likely be diagnosed with SAD -LRB- seasonal affective disorder -RRB- and put on Prozac to prevent him from wondering what Christmas is all about.But Charles Schulz was wiser than any psychologist , and he recognized Charlie 's depression for what it is
 A TRUE Christmas classic . There are lots of great Christmas movies and TV shows that are fun to watch each year , from CHRISTMAS VACATION to THE GRINCH . But there is something special about Charlie Brown 's take.First of all , it 's the only mainstream Christmas classic that actually DARES to bring the story of the birth of Jesus to front and center !! When Linus takes centerstage and quotes the bible for us , you can almost feel the air suck out of the room . It 's a moment of simple drama that can really bring a tear to your eye . Linus , without saying a harsh word , essentially tells everyone to `` shut up and remember the meaning of this holiday ! '' It 's a beautiful moment.There 's plenty of amusing stuff too . The pitiful tree ... Snoopy 's hijinks , etc. . It 's not laugh out loud funny , of course , but sweet and innocent . These are kids who live in a world without adults ... and do n't seem to need them either ! It 's always a nice 22 minute trip down memory lane . Every adult should own this ... if only to take minute to journey back to childhood . And kids need to keep seeing this . I 'm glad it has remained a classic.The animation is no great shakes , of course , but the style is executed marvelously . The voice acting , on the other hand , leaves nothing to be desired . The kids involved have done a terrific job . The music , ever present , is great , as we 've come to expect from any Peanuts special . All in all , this is a MUST OWN DVD . -LRB- I do wish there were more extras available . Other than a 2nd Christmas special ... it 's okay , but no classic ... there is nothing . Ca n't believe there is n't some little documentary or something out there . -RRB-
 My children are a little old -LRB- age-wise -RRB- for this , but we all still enjoy watching it around this time of year . This classic will never die out , as it will be enjoyed for many generations to come.Having always been a huge fan of Charlie Brown to begin with , this is , by far , my favorite Christmas special . I can remember seeing it for the first time like it was yesterday . Charles Shulzz did one amazing job with this classic . This short animated special shows children the true meaning of Christmas , and Linus ' delightful explanation is timeless in its teaching.This classic is something that can be enjoyed by people of all ages , but especially by families with small children . This is just one great video that would make an excellent addition to anyone 's collection .
 My grandchildren and I enjoyed the gentle reminders in this classic movie of what Christmas is really about ! Since the broadcasters frequently preempt this traditional Christmas program with political or other events , we are very glad to have our own copy now . Merry Christmas at all !
 I sent this DVD to my grandson in Vienna , Austria ; it was for him to enjoy it , and not getting bored while the family was gathering ; it ended up that the entire family `` gathered around Charlie Brown ''
 The classic christmas special , best to buy this because the network cuts it up to fit in more commercials .
 In honor of today being Christmas Eve , I thought I 'd review this classic . This is another childhood favorite . When Charlie Brown feels that Christmas has gone too commercial , Lucy gets him to direct the school Christmas play . When he gets a crappy little Christmas tree for the play , everyone is mad at him , and wants to know what Christmas is all about . I highly recommend A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS !!!
 A Charlie Brown Christmas can be best described as `` classic . '' It may not be as excellent as It 's A Wonderful Life or Home Alone , but it 's truly one of the great TV specials that has become a staple for this holiday season . Like many other Christmas specials , I always find myself in high spirits whenever I watch this . Most of the characters from Peanuts are here ; the voices are surprisingly effective . The animation is quite simplistic , but it 's still beautifully drawn . The humor is very appropriate for this time of year
 The show is great . I watch it every Christmas with my family and we never get tired of it . But as much as I would love to give this product five stars , I had to knock a star off due to the ridiculous slipcover . The glitter is messssyyyy ! Be prepared to wash your hands every time you handle this ! I do n't know where WB 's brains are when they created this slipcover . I feel bad for the people that have to stock this on store shelves . Their hands must get really messy . But other than that , this show is great and it comes with a DVD too . So , I think the $ 20 is a fair price . Highly recommended so long as you do n't mind washing your hands often ; -RRB-
 As a kid I saw this every Christmas . When released into video , I rushed to buy it . I love how in this video , life seems safe and funny . It hints at the true meaning of Christmas from religious point of view and mentions the fact that commercials have told us what to buy and how much.Linus is philosophical , Charlie Brown is moody , Lucy is grouchy and the gang is all there and just as you remember them . It is a excellent video for Kids to enjoy the holiday spirit . Adults will love the sincerity and warmth that the characters and overall story contain.In the end , a sad tree looks beautiful to everyone due to love put into the tree and the Christmas spirit in the childrens hearts . I hope you love it as much as I did . I happily recommend it to anyone .
 One of the best Christmas movies ever made the story is so true about everyone forgetting the real meaning of Christmas . I have the book and the movie and you can watch it all year I never get tired of it .
 I loved this movie as a kid and still enjoy it . With the remastered deluxe edition the color is great .
 This is a gem of a production of a Christmas classic , sure to please children and adults alike .
 I just love this Peanuts cartoon , it brings me back to the simple times of the 60 's and 70 's and I fondly remember when I first saw this , I had just arrived in this country and so whenever I see it I go back to that time . Christmas was nicer and more fun then . Charles SHultz was a great man to have done Peanuts and I can see his heart felt feelings in each cartoon . Everyone will enjoy this Christmas cartoon and the message it has .
 Charlie Brown starts out by talking to his best friend , Linus about how he is not happy at Christmas time . he says , `` I like decorating , and giving presents , but I 'm still not happy '' then Linus informs Charlie , `` Charlie Brown , you 're the only person I know who can take a great holiday like Christmas and turn it into a problem . Like Lucy says , of all the Charlie Browns in the world your the Charlie Brownest . '' Everyone in the cartoon thinks that Christmas is getting too commercial . Lucy thinks that Charlie Brown has Pantaphobia which is the fear of everything . Also she thinks he needs involvement to feel better so Charlie Brown becomes the director of the school play . He then is givin the task of getting a Christmas tree , but just finds more failer . So watch the first animated peanuts cartoon .
 . . it is one of the very , very few Christmas holiday specials that dares to explain the true , `` true meaning of Christmas '' , the birth of the lord and savior Jesus Christ in a humble manger , brought into the world to die for our sins and be gloriously resurrected . My goodness , how did Charles Schulz ever get this animated episode past the censors in the '60s ? Perhaps there was still residual religious and charitable feeling then.Oh , Charlie Brown , your condemnation of Christmas cupidity , materialism , and carnal cheer would be even harsher today , and sadly , more ignored today ! You would even get embroiled in the `` Christmas vs. Holiday '' controversy , encountered by Governor Lincoln Chafee in Rhode Island , for example . You might even despair , and you might need Linus 's gentle , matter-of-fact guidance even more . Some believe Jesus to be non-existent , or at least an actual but mythologized figure . Whether we do or not , `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is nevertheless instructive . It reminds us that what the world needs more than ever is faith , hope , charity , and kindness for ALL . You showed us that , Charlie and Linus , embodiments of reason and spirituality . Thank you .
 I grew up watching this classic on television and did n't appreciate until now that the Christian message of the Savior 's Birth is supported in this film . As commercialized and non-Christ as Christmas has become in this day and age , it 's nice to have the true story of Christmas retold in this classic Peanuts presentation .
 How anyone could not love `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is beyond comprehension ? It 's been part of my childhood memories since it first aired in 1965 . Seeing it again forty years later , I am still impressed by how Charles Schultz combined character-driven humor , holiday-related poignancy and Vince Guaraldi 's memorable music into such a nostalgic jewel . What strikes me more now is the number of religious references Schultz made unobtrusively within the theme of the cartoon - how to deal with the increasing commercial exploitation of Christmas . The plot revolves around Charlie Brown 's duties as the director of the school 's Christmas play as a means to divulge the true meaning of Christmas . I still love the tableaux shot of all the children dancing in a mid-1960 's beatnik style.Needless to say , he is surrounded by the cynicism of his schoolmates , and it all comes to a head when Charlie Brown buys a sad little tree as the centerpiece of the play . His best friend Linus articulates the meaning of Christmas by quoting Luke 2:8 -14 from the King James translation of the Bible . At the end , everyone gathers around the tree -LRB- given new life by using the decorations Snoopy uses to win 1st prize in the doghouse decoration contest -RRB- and sings `` Hark ! The Herald Angel Sings '' . Because the cartoon focuses on Charlie Brown 's singular journey , the message has a sweetly-turned resonance that remains touching to this day . It 's a timeless must-see for any child or adult.The same really ca n't be said for the second cartoon included in the DVD , 1992 's `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown '' . Twenty-seven years later , most of the gang is back in what amounts to a series of vignettes about Christmas , but because Charlie Brown is only one of the characters whose holiday dilemmas are addressed here , it feels more like a hodgepodge of comedy bits - some funny , some rather tired . The other sad inevitable fact is that the voices are different , a point of discontinuity that feels a bit jarring when seeing the cartoons sequentially . I also miss some of the original characters like Pig-Pen and Beethoven-playing Schroeder and frankly do n't find some of their replacements as likeable.Charlie Brown 's only challenge this time is being able to afford a pair of gloves for his crush Peggy Jean . It appears that Peppermint Patty and Charlie Brown 's little sister Sally are the ones trying to find the meaning of Christmas this time with many of the other characters -LRB- like Lucy and even Snoopy -RRB- relegated to small bits . The familiarity of the characters and Guaraldi 's music , however , still make this one leagues better than similar children 's programming . The combination of the original classic and this derivative makes for superior viewing .
 THIS IS A FANTASTIC WAY TO SHARE THE TRUE MEANING OF X-MAS !!!
 Great classic & my 3 year old loves it ! We watch it together as a family and we all have a great time .
 Grew up on it , and now my kids get to enjoy it . Its a classic , and one of the best Charlie Brown movies ever made
 I played it during my Peanuts Gang Christmas Party . I muted the sound so people could still visit , but could enjoy seeing the pictures . Great background entertainment .
 all the laffs and poignant moments as always . Lioness puts it all in perspective as always , blanket in tow ... ENJOY a little history
 One of the best Christmas films , especially when it is time to break out the Christmas films . A Good present and certainly entertaining .
 This is the holy grail of Christmas movies to all of us who grew up with Charlie Brown . All of Charlie 's movies have a lesson to learn . Am sure a lot of folks would find it politically incorrect now but I do n't . It does read a passage from the bible , which is pretty much banned everywhere these days .
 bought because it came in blu ray and it is a classic , i was pleasantly surprised how quickly all my movies arrived
 The score by Vince Guaraldi is one of my favorites and the story is sweet as well . There 's a second bonus episode included tht I had n't expected .
 Our family members aged four through eighty-four all love this Charlie Brown classic . Watching it during the holidays is a family tradition .
 This is my favorite Christmas cartoon . It 's funny , cute and I LOVE the music . The one downfall is that my daughter likes to used words like stupid and blockhead after watching it .
 Great movie from my childhood ! Looks great on DVD . I thought it would look like an old movie , but it does n't .
 This is a classic and always good . I used it for my students in class as Charlie Brown never goes out of style .
 IT IS A GOOD CARTOON FOR CHRISTMAS AND A REAL GOOD CHRISTIAN CARTOON IT IS TRUE FOR SURE THANKS CHARLES FOR THIS ONE
 Watched this with my two year old daughter for the first time this Christmas . It was nice to watch a classic movie that I grew up watching as a kid myself , with her as well as with my hubby . The Peanuts gang is classic and simple . Love them !
 when I was growing up , during the week before Thanksgiving , I would pull out my copy of ' A Charlie Brown Christmas ' and would watch it constantly until Christmas , its one of my FAVORITE holiday movies of all time . I recently started my own tradition with my little ones by introducing them to this movie , and each year as the holidays start to arrive they beg me to pull it out and we watch it every day until Christmas .
 As a child I swore I would never be one of those adults who missed the days of `` quality '' programming from their younger years . Well , I have to say they just do n't make Christmas specials like they use to . `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' has become such a tradition in American families that I would not be surprised if every adult born in this country has at one time or another seen this cartoon.The quality of the story writing is extraordinary . This is one of the most joyous cartoons . I ca n't imagine anyone not feeling the pain Charlie Brown feels while watching the video . This is an absolute must for all families . All kids should see this at least once .
 My brothers and I always watch this during the Christmas season . Whenever I think of the Peanuts Gang , this Christmas video is the first thing to come to mind . It 's funny , touching , and full of the true meaning of Christmas . A must buy .
 As kids , we waited with great anticipation for Christmas to roll around and nothing marked the onset of the season like this Peanuts classic . As much an integral part of the holidays as the smell of turkey roasting , decorating the tree and the Arizona Cardinals not making the postseason . Possibly THE best soundtrack of all time , featuring Vincent Guaraldi 's jazzy takes on Christmas classics and `` Linus and Lucy . '' You owe it to yourself , your kids and grandkids to add this to your collection !
 Thank God that Charles Shultz was alive before the &#34; politically correct &#34; ambassadors of the world decided that we have to celebrate commercialism rather than Christ at Christmas . This is a delightful collection of winter and holiday vignettes that culminate in a wonderful Christmas celebration that has become a classic like Miracle on 34th Stree and It 's a Wonderful Life . Parents should watch this with their whole families as it has appeal for all generations .
 &#34; A Charlie Brown Christmas &#34; has been a tradition in my family every year since I was young , and back then we watched it on a VHS tape . Then came DVD , and now we have this lovely Blu-Ray edition.Prospective buyers should note that the movie does not play in the full-screen format of many Blu-Rays . I assume that this is because the film was created for television and thus the aspect ratio was different . &#34; Charlie Brown &#34; shorts are not exactly known for sweeping visual quality in the first place ; the style is sparse and simple , and that 's what so many people , myself included , love about it . Despite the fact that the television screen is n't filled , the clarity of the picture is exceptionally vivid , putting our old VHS copy to shame . The special features include some interesting behind-the-scenes material , likely to delight any and all longtime fans of the film . The second feature included , &#34; It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown &#34; gets very little play in our home . It just never caught on or made the same impact as the original , both with my family and the general public . Nonetheless , it 's nice that it was included , it gives you just that much more bang for your buck.I 'd highly recommend this to any new or longtime fans of &#34; Peanuts . &#34; If you 're anything like me , &#34; A Charlie Brown Christmas &#34; is essential holiday viewing , and this Blu-Ray is a great way to view it !
 THE greatest . I had watched this every year since I was a kid . The message is as relevant today as it was in the 60 's when this special was first presented . Especially good for young children to learn the reason for the season ! Highly recommended .
 Christmas will never be chirstmas without Charlie Brown and the gang !!! My children were entertained with this one growing up and now it is a tradition in our family . Grandchildren now enjoying .
 This is one of the few Christmas specials that is still aired every year and is one that drove my mom crazy when I was young because she found Charlie Brown to be annoying . After forty-seven-years since it debuted , it still receives millions of viewers . It is one of the few cartoons that gives kids the real meaning of Christmas .
 As with most of the PEANUTS episodes , we may find this more profound than we were expecting it to be.Charlie Brown is sad because Christmas is coming up
 A lifelong fan of this Christmas special , I give the content 5 stars , as usual . And this new issue is a delight to own . The package is gorgeous with its sparkly sleeve . The remastered picture is cleaner than the previous issue on DVD . The sound , however , has some trouble . For one , the synch is noticeably off . Watching , I thought something was n't quite right . It was n't until Schroeder and Lucy 's Jingle Bells scene that I was sure there was a problem . I even dug up my old VHS copy to verify . When an annoyed Schroeder plays the toy-piano version of Jingle Bells , the old copies have a perfectly synched presentation , with each movement of his hand resulting in one note , dead on . The new version 's synch is off to an alarming and annoying degree . Also , I was more impressed with the audio quality on the VHS copy . In short , the best part of this new issue is the packaging . If you want one copy for watching , go with the older issue . If you are a collector , get this one for the package and keep the older version for viewing .
 As every die hard Peanuts fan knows , when A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS first premiered in 1965 , CBS was absolutely certain the show would be a disaster for several reasons . First , unlike other cartoons at the time , there was no laugh track . The characters were all voiced by actual children -LRB- save for producer and director Bill Melendez , who voiced Snoopy -RRB- , and of those children , only two had previous acting experience . The music for the show was a jazz soundtrack , atypical of children 's programming at the time . And since TV and music executives were very touchy at the time about having God 's name even mentioned , CBS despised the idea of Linus reciting his famous speech of `` what Christmas is all about '' from the King James Version of the Bible . Also , even though Peanuts was already one of the most popular comic strips in America by 1965 , history had shown the success rate of adapting comic strips to the small screen was hit-or-miss . All these aspects , combined with the decidedly choppy animation and poorly enunciated vocal track , prepared CBS for a total flop . Which , of course , A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS was not.The special could be considered an example of a show that succeeds in spite of itself . But then again , as has been pointed out many times before , the shortcomings with the animation and vocal track work to the overall show 's benefit , making the overall theme of the true meaning of Christmas resonate even more . This is also due in part to the decision to focus on the plot rather than the characters . While all of the characters stand out in some form or fashion - especially Charlie Brown , the character wrapped around the true meaning of Christmas theme - it 's the plot that is the main attraction here , and it 's the reason why the show is not just one of the best Christmas shows ever made , it 's a timeless classic . The loose plot of the story - which is pretty much several little stories weaved together - as well as Vince Guaraldi 's wonderful jazz soundtrack contribute just as much , if not more , to A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS 's influence . This was the show that put the Peanuts characters onto the small screen periodically for the next 25 years , and even though a fair share of excellent specials were created , none of them could quite match the innocent charm of this masterpiece . -LSB- This 2000 DVD edition marked the first time A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS was released on DVD . Of course , no remastering will change the quality of the animation , but the picture is very good , and the music has never been better presented than it is here . The only bonus feature on the DVD is the 1992 Christmas special IT 'S CHRISTMASTIME AGAIN , CHARLIE BROWN , which is a very different beast than A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS . Watching the feature once , it 's easy to see why it 's often been criticized - true , the several small stories featured are merely thrown into the show , not unlike how A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS was created , but here , the small stories are not tied together at all , making for a very herky-jerky viewing . -LRB- If you want more information about the special , see my VHS review of the special . -RRB- Nevertheless , this DVD is an excellent way of getting A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS , but if you have a little extra money , a better recommendation is the PEANUTS HOLIDAY COLLECTION , which also includes IT 'S THE GREAT PUMPKIN , CHARLIE BROWN and A CHARLIE BROWN THANKSGIVING , two of the better Peanuts specials . -RSB-
 I loved A Charlie Brown Christmas growing up , but did n't know if it would truly hold up for the next generation - my daughter . Well , she 's 19 months old now and she 's been watching it since her first birthday - she asks to see it a couple times a week ! She absolutely adores it , so even though it 's summer - it 's Christmas with the Peanuts gang in our house ! You MUST let your little one 's experience the magic of this wonderful show .
 This is the best popular culture segment regarding the most important holiday in human history . The reason is that it deals with the point of Christmas
 Aside from the excellent transfer , the DVD also contains a scene that was omitted from the network broadcasts for many years , no doubt to make room for more commercials . It immediately followed the scene where the characters are catching snowflakes on their tongues . They are shown throwing snowballs at an old tin can on a fence . When this scene ends , it slowly stops snowing and Charlie Brown goes to Lucy 's Psychiatric Help stand . This explains the abruptness in the network broadcasts and older videocassette releases when one moment it 's snowing and the next it 's not as well as the obvious cut in the background music . I have n't looked at the supplemental material yet -LRB- I would 've preferred an old interview with Charles Schulz on the making of this special -RRB- , but just having the complete , uncut program makes this DVD worth the price .
 Charlie Brown wants to know what Christmas is all about and Linus has the answer . Can you imagine any other show daring to give that same answer today ? Just a gentle reminder from Charles Schulz that the simplest answers are always the best .
 Watching `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is as traditional as decorating the tree at our house . Although this video is quite old , the lesson of remembering the true meaning of Christmas is definately not outdated . The catchy theme song and Linus 's explaining the true meaning of Christmas will never be out of style ! This is a video that families can watch together and BOTH parents and kids will enjoy . It shares its wisdom in a way that is fun , not preachy or too heavy for children . In my opinion , this is a far better Christmas special than many new ones that are being produced !
 I have watched this wonderful movie every year since I was 8 or 9 . It never fails to get me and my family in the Christmas spirit . No matter how many times you watch it , you never get bored with it .
 Charlie Brown searches for the true meaning of Christmas in a world besieged by commercialism . The story Charlie Brown 's quest works on a number of different levels , making it worthwhile viewing for children and adults . This half-hour special hits the mark with its message , its wit , music and charm .
 I just bought the DVD to this great Christmas Special dated back to 1965 . Who can not love the Peanuts gang and Snoopy . Also , the DVD has It 's Christmas Time Again Charlie Brown which is a bonus feature . Great family entertainment !! Too bad they do n't make them like this anymore .
 Imagine a school where the kids are putting on a CHRISTMAS PLAY at Christmas ! What a concept!I saw this movie the first year it came out on tv , 1965 , and have probably seen it every year since . It is 20 minutes of timeless genius.This movie will live forever - that is , if the Charlotte , NC School Board does n't get hold of it .
 received quickly and in exceptional cond . will look for this seller again . A + + +
 I used to watch `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' every year as a child and now my kids love to watch it . Even now , I 'll sit and watch it with them-anytime of year . More importantly , this Christmas story emphasizes the true meaning of Christmas-something I 'm happy to have my children watching .
 The candor , naive-approach and lack of malice of Schultz characters , make Charlie Brown and buddies one of the finest experiences , not only in Christmas but through the whole year . And kids love it , no matter their age .
 Christmastime is officially here , and while everyone is having fun decorating , and putting together their Christmas wish lists , Charlie Brown is having doubts about the whole holiday . He seems to be having trouble finding the true meaning of Christmas , so he visits Psychiatrist Lucy who presents him with one solution to his problem . Be the director of the Christmas play ! Charlie Brown happily accepts the job , but when he sets out to find the perfect Christmas tree to use as a stage prop , everyone is disappointed in his decision . As the tree is small , and scraggly . But this one little tree is exactly what Charlie Brown and everyone else needed , to realize what the true meaning of Christmas is . After all , it 's a beautiful tree who just needs a little love.Fans of Charlie Brown will relish in this holiday tale that will help anyone , even the most grinchiest of people , find the true meaning of Christmas , and realize that the holiday does n't have to be so commercial . With beautiful animation , and a wonderfully inspirational storyline , A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS , is a must-see for all fans , young and old.Erika Sorocco
 I know , I know . It 's a Christmas movie . But the themes are solid and the beloved characters are enjoyed by children year-round . We have had this movie for over a year now - and the children watch it at least a couple of times a month . -LRB- And yes , they were doing this even in our 100 degree July and August weather . -RRB- It 's a tradidional favorite that everyone should have .
 `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' should be seen by everybody by now . It 's an unforgettable and memorable Christmas cartoon that has Charlie Brown as director the school Christmas play . The problem is with the rest of the gang , because they all think , especially Lucy , that is a `` big commercial racket that 's run by a big eastern syndicate '' . I , Josh , think not ! When Linus , adresses evryone in center stage after Charlie Brown delivers his world-famous line , I fully agree with him ! The rest of the Peanuts finally shape up and decorate the once next-to-a-twig tree . Lovely and essential !
 This is the second-best christmas special EVER made , totally a classic , and I memorized it when I was three . I still have it memorized and when I 'm bored in the middle of the night I recite it from beginning to end . Best sequence
 ... and I 'm not talking about Charlie Brown 's tree.I really ca n't remember when I first saw this special . Could n't have been the debut year of 1965 , as in those pre-cable days , our antenna could n't pull in a CBS station . More likely would 've been circa 1971 or 1972 , long enough for this to have been firmly established as a holiday staple.At that age , eleven or twelve , I would 've been well past the age where I might 've sat in toddler awe at some of my favorite comic strip characters coming to life . And celebrating my favorite holiday , no less.Despite my `` advanced '' age , I still thoroughly enjoyed the show , even if my ability to appreciate it was substantially limited to Snoopy 's antics and Schroeder 's exasperation in finding a version of `` Jingle Bells '' suitable to the reigning fussbudget , Lucy Van Pelt.As my age truly advances , it becomes even more enjoyable to find more layers to the cartoon . Much as the Warner Brothers classic cartoons were not truly written for children , but for the writers ' own amusement , a more adult view of Charles Schulz 's work reveals that this really is n't kiddie fodder.In a way , Vince Guaraldi 's score illustrates the point perfectly . Out in front is the `` Linus and Lucy '' theme , a bouncy tune to which any age can be-bop along . Contrast that with `` Christmastime Is Here '' ; the lyrics are cheerful , joyful , perfectly descriptive of a child 's delight at the season 's arrival.And yet , the tune belies the sentiment . It is nearly hopeful , yet somber , knowing it 's missing something but not sure what that might be . Just like Charlie Brown 's dilemma throughout everyone else 's festivities.The only real disappointment on this disc would be the bonus feature `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown '' , which looks more like a series of largely unrelated continuity-independent vignettes from the 1980 's Saturday morning `` Charlie Brown and Snoopy '' , slapped together to form the illusion of a featurette , than a coherent story deserving of co-starring with the original.Nonetheless , having the original on DVD alone is worth the investment . Definitely a must-have .
 Wonderful Movie . They entire family enjoyed this movie.From comments from the family , this DVD goes in thefamily album and will become a family tradition.Many thanks to all who made this memory possible .
 This completed my daughter 's collection of Christmas DVD 's . Makes a great stocking stuffer - she was thrilled with this one .
 If I had to single out one Christmas movie favorite , I 'd have to pick A Charlie Brown Christmas . So , my review is a little biased.I just think it 's a cute , straightforward , and humorous take on the Christmas season . It brings all our favorite Peanuts characters out at their best , and it makes light of the stress and struggle that we all seem to feel a little of a Christmas - then , brings it home with the most honest recognition of what Christmas is all about . How about that for a 26 minute run-time animated movie ?! This is a great edition of the movie as well - excellent picture quality , excellent sound quality -LRB- VINCE GUARALDI IS AWESOME !!! -RRB- - there is a bonus feature movie on the DVD as well but I did n't even get to it , nor did I get to any of the other special features , but I 'm pretty sure there are quite a few on this DVD.Also , I bought direct from Amazon , and I have to give yet another shout-out to the prices and especially the shipping . If you are an Amazon Prime member
 Sweet and a little silly this short animated children 's movie is , but it gets the Christmas message across to both children and adults alike . I still love it after all these years . Five stars !
 my sister loved this movie and she wanted to see it for the holidays . no one can have too much charlie brown !
 great brings back childhood memories and ensures that future grandchildren will be able to enjoy . The moral and outlook for the future make this classic one of my favorites .
 This was the same movie I watched as a kid , but remastered for better quality . Really enjoyed watching it with my kids over the holidays .
 How can anyone not like Charlie Brown ! It 's a classic ! Love this movie . I 'm supposed to write 7 more words to post this -LRB- it 's the rule -RRB- , so I wrote this . : -RRB-
 A gift for the great grandkids . we watch it every year . I wanted them to have their own video They watch it over and over - even if it is not Christmas .
 A Chritmas tradition in our house ... needed to finally &#34; upgrade &#34; from vhs to dvd . Love the extra features and additional movie
 if you love c.b. , snoopy and the gang this is just more of the fun . Good for the entire family to watch together . works for any time of the year too . not just Christmas season .
 Like other reviewers I also grew up watching A Charlie Brown Christmas when CBS showed it every December and I liked every minute of it including the heartwarming speech by Linus about the true meaning of Christmas and I think this is a great Christmas cartoon but I was disappointed with the extra feature cartoon It 's Christmas Time Again Charlie Brown because It was very uneven and choppy !
 Yes , it 's campy . Yes , it has sub-standard animation . But , you ca n't beat the feeling you get when watching it . This special takes me back to my younger years every time I see it . I have never seen an aluminum Christmas tree , but I always marvel at the sight of a lot with dozens of them .
 In addition to being a true classic , `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is a cultural landmark -- an indicator of where our nation has been , and where it is going . In 1965 , it was acceptable to put on network TV a program with an explicit Christian message -LRB- Linus reads from the Gospel of Luke ! The kids sing `` Hark , the Herald Angels Sing '' ! The names `` God '' and `` Christ '' actually spoken ! -RRB- . Today , the script would not pass muster at the networks . We might offend someone , you know . I ca n't think of a better indicator than this great program to measure the decline of our society . I guess when the moral busybodies finally succeed in removing `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' from the annual rotation -LRB- and they will eventually attempt to do so , in the name of `` multiculturalism '' or `` tolerance '' -RRB- , we can close the book on our once-great country .
 Great . Gives you a pause to remember the real meaning of Christmas . Nostalgic and well loved . Without the glitz and flash of so much that modern Christmas has become . Simple and straight forward , young to old can enjoy it .
 The movie arrived within 3 days of ordering it ! It was right before Christmas too . The movies worked great and were hard to find in any stores.A good buy !
 What can I say that has n't been said already ? This is a classic ... My 4 yr old granddaughter saw it for the first time and fell in love with Snoopy .
 I love this movie and ca n't wait to see it . It is a gift for my boyfriend because we are obsessed with The Peanuts gang .
 This is a classic in every sense of the word . And like any real classic , it gets better with age . `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is a sweet , simple show with a powerful message . Every aspect of this production is great.But the fact of the matter is that this is the kind of cartoon that does n't get made anymore . Now it 's all about the trash-talkin ' Simpsons and their moronic kind . Also , because God plays a part in the message of this Christmas special , it could not be made today . It might offend believers in Allah , or hurt the sensitive feelings of atheists . Therefore , such a production could never get off the ground.It 's just as well . There is really nothing that could suprass this masterpiece . Buy it and make it a part of your Christmas traditions through the years .
 Only I watch it with my daughter now.Great Charles Schulz cartoon classicbrought to film . And biblically ac-curate too ! Nice job , Mr. Schulz !
 I liked this movie alot except for Linus ' very storng Christian messages . They should have also have put other holidays in like Haunnka and Kwanza because not every one celebrates Christmas .
 This is a movie that will always take me back when I was a kid sitting in my front living room with my dad in his lounge chair and my mom sewing on the couch , and of course me watching Charlie Brown and filling soooo sorry for him because he tried to decorate a little dying christmas tree . A truely great movie for all ages .
 `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is beautifully presented in DVD format here . This is the classic 1965 Christmas special that we all remember , and I enjoyed watching this remastered edition . My copy had none of the audio issues reported by others , and it looked good visually as well . I found the bonus feature , detailing the making of the special , to be interesting and engaging ; it was fun to see behind-the-scenes of how this classic came to be . The only part of this Deluxe Edition that I did NOT finding particularly worthwhile was the included sequel , `` It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown '' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . This feature lacked all of the charm of the original . However , because it was a bonus , it does n't detract from my overall impression of this DVD , which I would definitely recommend if you are wanting to collect this Christmas classic .
 What a great Christmas cartoon program this is . Originally aired in 1965 this is Charles Schultz 's genius at best . Everyone knows the story of Charlie Brown and the meaning of Christmas . A timeless tale that still rings true today . The music of the late great Jazz musician Vince Guiraldi `` Christmas Time Is Here '' is outstanding and remains as a timeless Christmas tune . Charlie , Snoopy , Linus , Lucy , and Sally are still awesome today as they were in 1965 . Christmas 's of years past go by too quickly , but this timeless classic does not . I look forward to watching it every Christmas Season , and will for years to come . Most HIGHLY Recommended !
 A Charlie Brown Christmas is so much a part of the holiday season . I ca n't even imagine a year would go by with out seeing this classic . It is a lesson on the true meaning of Christmas , while showing how that meaning is lost , due to the comercialism that is now associated with the holiday . I have seen this so many times I can recite it word for word . I have a 1 year old daughter and want to make sure that this becomes a tradition for her as well . Make it a tradition for your family as well .
 Ca n't really say anything that has n't already been said - this is a must-watch every year . I 'm frankly amazed that the networks -LRB- as I recall this initially aired on CBS - Channel 5 for us - now on ABC -RRB- . I 'm watching it right now in fact - the only thing spoiling it ever so slightly are the `` new '' commercials -LRB- compared to when I was a kid -RRB- . I would love to have seen an `` alternate '' version of Charlie Brown Christmas which includes the original commercials that were nationally aired - I remember the old sponsor , Dolly Madison -LRB- are they still making Zingers ? -RRB- Maybe they can do that on the next release of this little gem :-RRB- just a thought.I 've watched this show as long as I can remember - almost 40 years now ... Along with `` It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown '' a must-watch during the holidays .
 A Charlie Brown Christmas is just a classic . A word that is bandied around a lot by so many of our amateur reviewers , but in this case , used with truth . The story about the commercialization of Christmas struck me as truth when I saw it the first time it played on TV , and the story and meaning still ring true . Plus Linus ' rendition of the original story of Christmas is still touching . I am glad to have this in my library and at my fingertips for all Holiday Seasons to come .
 This is such a wonderful movie and will always be a top favorite . It 's great to have it on my Kindle to take with me anywhere now !
 This is THE BEST Christmas DVD ever ! Even though my family watches it every year it is on TV , I just had to buy this DVD so that we all can watch it over and over again ! BUY IT !
 The quality of the remastered edition is very good . There are additional holiday cartoons that I did not enjoy , but that children should enjoy . This is one of my favorite Christmas movies , a must see .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and was surprised to find out it had another Peanuts Christmas special on the DVD . I was very happy with the product and the remastering .
 I was so excited that Amazon had this series on Charlie Brown.I have been a Charlie Brown fan for many years.The quality of these tapes were excellent , and my grandchildren will enjoy Charlie Brown as much as I do .
 A delightful Christmas classic , beautifully restored . The bonus `` making of '' video is also well worth watching .
 A must see classic for all ages . Watching Charlie Brown has become a family tradition for our family . The new remastered deluxe edition is very clear and includes a second short Charlie Brown Christmas story that is O.K. but not as good as the original .
 This movie is awesome ! It comes with bonus footage , and it arrived so fast ! It was my first time using amazon and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a product they are having a hard time finding in stores .
 I 've been watching this wonderful short program since it first appeared on television , which I think was 1965 ? I was very happy when it was released on VHS , and being that it is on DVD now , that 's even better.Living in Southern California , often we 're having a heat wave during the Christmas season . It 's nice to watch this show and be carried away not only to a place that has more Christmas-like weather , but also to nice memories of Christmas past . It 's a given that my Christmas tradition includes a viewing of this special program.I also like the fact that they were n't afraid to mention the word `` Christmas '' as well as have Linus recite the verses pertaining to the birth of Jesus . It seems everyone is so worried these days about using the word `` Christmas '' or making something seem too religious . Well , as Linus says in the cartoon , `` That 's what Christmas is all about , Charlie Brown . '' Christmas would n't be the same without watching this ! -LRB- note
 My 5-year-old son loves this video ! He says ` the whole thing is my favorite part ' !
 Peanuts has always been one of my favorite cartoons . I enjoy reading the ` reprints ' in the newspaper even now . Charlie Browns Christmas is definately a must have in this household . I 've enjoyed it repeatedly over the years . What 's Christmas without a reminder of what Christmas is all about .
 This sure sets the mood for the rest of the holidays . What I really enjoy about this is the tunes . I bought the music CD of this show & listen to it all the time at Christmas . It 's upbeat & humble at the same time . Thanks Mr. Schultz . Peace to all .
 It was fast timing , great service , all went super , I would surely reorder from this vender , happy with overall order
 This is a great movie ! I really can not praise this enough . The picture quality and sound quality in the blu-ray really are quite good .
 this is , hands down , my favorite peanuts special . It invokes a quiet tone and humble demeanor that captures the true spirit of christmas so perfectly .
 An age old classic . I had n't seen this movie in years and it was a little shorter than I remember but still a great movie .
 A must have for your collection , It has both the original and the second version of it . Highly recommend , nothing better than getting warm around the holidays and watching this one .
 This is Charlie Brown at his best ! It 's a great favorite for a lot of people , including our family . When Charles Schultz created this television special , his group were n't certain how it would be accepted - and it was a huge hit ! It transcends time and makes it an annual holiday favorite !
 My favorite of all time . Of course it is an original so the quality may not be up to today 's standards .
 Love this Christmas special and always will . It 's not Christmas without Charlie Brown and Snoopy ! Bought as a Christmas present for someone & it will be cherished forever !
 It came before Christmas and was such a joy to what again , brought back great childhood memories . . Had great service . . Would recomend to everyone
 LOVED WATCHING THIS EVERY TIME !!! WATCHED THIS EVERY CHRISTMAS WHEN I WAS LITTLE AND EVEN NOW I ENJOY IT !! MY LITTLE 9 YEAR LOVES WATCHING THIS , TOO !!!
 I have followed Queensryche since 1991 's Empire . I was a kid at Christmas when I got the original Mindcrime video from the Empire tour . Like allot of people I was apprehensive to get this DVD . I was n't shy about my dislike of the Live Evolution album and Q2k . Tribe was a step in the right direction but still kind of lacking.My wife convinced me to buy this and I am glad she did . The first disk is a masterwork performance . I love the alternate arrangements on some of the songa and all of the band performs well including Mike Stone . Is he Degarmo ? No nobody really is but I can assure you he is a BIG improvement over Kelly Gray and a much better fit for Queensryche . He plays very well by his own standard . Geoff sounds great and Pamela Moore adds a nice vocal dimension to the performances . Scott , Michael , and Ed add the pedal to the metal I have come to expect from this band.Now I 'll admidt Mindcrime II just does n't have the power of of the original but there are some good momments there as well like the chase , signs say go , and I 'm an American . Overall though it compliments the first story well and makes Mindcrime a complete and exciting treat for this recharged Queensryche fan.Five stars for disk one and three stars for disk two so that means a very well done four star performance .
 I have had the privledge of seeing Queensryche 2 years in a row now . And I remember `` Mindcrime 1 '' tour . This DVD is awsome . Great to see the Ryche in top form . Plus the bonus with Ronnie James Dio doing `` The Chase . '' is excellent . This is a must have for true Ryche fans .
 I always liked to see Queenryche perform . OM-II live is a cool continuation to OM-I . OM-I was always great to watch but it 's nice to see a fresh performance of it . I also have the older versions ... It also comes with a few songs as a bonus.I wish it had subtitles option as well ... Highly recommanded !
 You can read my thoughts on the stuDIO version of OM 2 in the review section of that cd.This live dvd is perfect . Perfectly performed , great sounding , origingal staging and just great music to pull from.Having been a fan of QR since THE WARNING , you expect me to tell you how great this is ... and you 'd be right . I was there for the LA show when RONNIE JAMES DIO played `` The Vhase '' with the band and it was electrifying.I just love this dvd . . the tour doc in the bonus section is worth the price of this alone ... the bacstage with DIO footage is classic as well.Just another great QR product .
 I was ragging on this after I downloaded a copy from the net and watched it on my PC so I burned it and watched it on my LCD W/surround and loved it ! In particular the OM2 set which is fresher compared to OM1 . Approching 45-50 years old these guys put on a clinic for all you young bands out there to learn from .
 This DVD more than fufilled my expectations . Great performances of some of the best tunes I know.Yes Geoff Tate was a little bit of a ham - but it worked and worked well . I do n't understand what people expect . Enjoy the band , enjoy the songs , enjoy the spectacle - and relax already !
 Absolutely amazing . that 's the only way to describe this DVD A must have for any Queensryche fans .
 One thing that I have learned over the years is that it is very difficult to capture the same energy , audio and visual effects of a live show on a taped performance . Although I was n't there , I have a feeling that the flat vocals were largely due to that fact . I have been to several live shows that were mind blowing only to see the same performance on DVD and find that the singers sounded like they were in their bathroom singing . I 'm a diehard fan of Queensryche and Dio so they can do no wrong . I 'm sure that the experience of the show was epic but the DVD left me wishing I was there .
 I received my Mindcrime DVD yesterday and watched it last night - what a treat ! I 'll watch it over and over . Unlike one of the other reviewers , I found the political messages pertinent - I think it shows that the original story is in fact timeless . War , money , corruption , exploitation , longing , remorse - it all makes for great drama ! Also , in traditional opera or theatre , the musicians are in the pit and invisible to the audience . In Mindcrime , the musicians are front and center on stage - powerful ! I would recommend this DVD especially to today 's teens ; current bands do n't do concept albums or theatrical performances any more - what a shame .
 Like many other reviewers , I was introduced to Queensrche back in ' 83 , and have seen them five times now -LRB- including this past tour -RRB- . I picked up this DVD because this show was not disappointing . However , the sound just is n't the same without Chris DeGarmo . Mike Stone 's performance is not bad , but there are times where his particular style tends to clash with everyone else . Another reviewer likened Geoff Tate 's acting skills to that of William Shatner , I could n't agree more , on the other hand , William Shatner ca n't sing like Geoff Tate.I think for me to fully enjoy the live performances of Mindcrime I and II , I 've been toying around with the idea of just watching Livecrime followed by Mindcrime at the Moore -LRB- Part II -RRB- . I was blown away when I saw the original Livecrime during the Empire tour , and it still ranks as one of the highest on my list of shows I 've seen -LRB- Pink Floyd , SRV , Metallica , and Judas Priest are included in that list -RRB- . Another disappointing part of the tour was the absence of Ronnie James Dio . Although I know it was a bit much for him to go on a lengthy tour for a measly 3-minute segment , it would have been cool to see him perform `` The Chase '' live instead of the pre-recorded version . It would have been even better if they were on tour together since I 've only seen Dio on video -LRB- Sacred Heart Tour -RRB- . Overall , for the die-hard Queensrche fan , this is one to add to the collection . In my opinion , the original Operation Mindcrime will definitely withstand the test of time , Mindcrime II , on the other hand , like any other sequel , loses something that can only be found in the original . Mindrime II is a fair album , and seeing it performed live helps , but it 's not one of Queensrche 's best efforts .
 This new DVD captures Queensryche performing Operation Mindcrime 1 & II in their entirety . In the process the band defines how a performance DVD should be shot . I caught this tour 5 days before these performances were captured and I tell you that sometimes my mind was playing tricks on me . This DVD almost mimics the vantage point that I had when I saw this tour on October 6th 2006 . This is one of the best depictions of a concert experience that I have ever seen . The viewer will really be drawn into the story as the Mindcirme saga unfolds . I do not know if this release will win the band new fans but what a treat for those of us that have stayed true to the band over the years . This is like having my memory of the show burned on to a DVD . I can relive this show anytime I like now . There are some great effects applied but they do not detract from anything . This is not like The Art of Live that was full of sepia tones and filters . I highly recommend this to any Queensryche fan out there . The band was in great form and Geoff Tate hit a home run !
 For those of you who do not have the DVD , GET IT , particularly if you saw the live show in person during the OMC I and II tour . It is a fantastic , PROFESSIONALLY captured and edited spectacular , not to mention a high-quality audio track to match!Seriously , I have watched several `` live '' DVD concerts , but this production beautifully blends the live performance , terrific camera angles and imagery , and post-production editing into what can truly be called a visual and audio masterpiece . It is meticulous and detailed , capturing the exciting pulse of a live performance without compromising the cinematic story-telling that this saga requires.And let 's face it , you absolutely can not enjoy this DVD -LRB- despite all I have mentioned so far -RRB- unless Geoff Tate and the band delivered musically . Guess what ? THAT 'S THE BEST PART !! Tate sounds terrific ! For the first half , he delivers a powerful , spot-on performance that is every bit as good as Operation LiveCrime ! What chops he still has ! Cripes!And the band is rock solid -- tight technically and impressive melodically . Wilton and Stone are superb , and the underpinnings of bass and drums are phenomenal , to boot.I saw the show in Baltimore and loved it . The DVD is even better ! It is a worthy chronicle of a band and a story that just wo n't quit . I hated waiting so long for this thing , but now I am fulfilled.Go out and get it . If you rate it less than a five , you 're wound way too tight , dude .
 I know I 'm late , but I finally got around to watching this DVD . I 've been a fan of this material since 1988 's original release , and I 've got to say this is the definitive version of the Mindcrime saga.Some have talked about the somewhat ` flat ' sound of the band in the recording , but take a look at the venue . For Operation
 To really get the complete Mindcrime experience , I would recommend getting the Operation
 What a hoot ! I 've been a fan of these guys from the beginning , through thick and thin , and this set captures a truly remarkable performance . My only complain is that the audio quality seems to take a dump in the end of disc two . Geoff and Pamela sound way overmodulated , and the weird blurry effect that distorts the image of the two is distracting.The best parts ? `` Suite Sister Mary '' from OMCI and `` Fear City Slide '' from OMCII.Awesome stuff !
 I loved the original mindcrime , I loved the livecrime release , damm it I loved Rage for Order Empire , Promised Land but somewhere around the HITNF and Tribe I fell away from the ` ryche . Sure I still watched Livecrime and loved it from time to time , but the new stuff didnt do it for me . I watched with interest and a little disdain at the repeated reissues of various incarnations and packages of the Mindcrime set . Finally news came of Mindcrime 2 and I purchased it on the day of release . I was disapointed with it , terribly disapointed , I just couldnt access it like the Mindcrime 1 , I listened to it maybe 3 or 4 times no more . When the DVD wa sissued I wasnt so fast in buying it but for some reason a month or so after its release I went out and got it . What can I say I sat there with the home theatre sytem blasting it out and loved it , from the opening bars to the closing encores this is one hell of a concert , the band sound great , Geoff tates voice may not eb quite as strong as it was 20 years ago , but whose is ? He still has one of the most classical and distinctive vocals of any singer . This is a truly great performance , well filmed and produced and for any Queensryche fan it is a must have , any lover of hard rock will also love it . I cant get enough of this DVD and watch it repeatedly , finally I now get Mindcrime 2 !
 Before I start my review and analizes I want to make one thing clear is that I am not a huge Queensryche fan . I have always liked the story of Operation Mindcrime 1 & 2 and was thrilled that they performed both parts live in concert . I do respect the talents of all of the band members especially the Vocals of Geoff Tate.I attended a show on this tour and was totally blown away . In fact it was one of the greatest shows I have ever saw in my life . I was thinking all throught the show I hope that they film this for either a DVD release and/or an audio release . Now on to my review.This DVD captures the raw energy of the performance and the audience . Geoff Tate never sounded better . Sure he can no longer hit the high notes which in is case is good because in the early days all he did was wail instead of sing . Pamela Moore was excellent as well . The camera angles are both good and annoying . I felt that the camera moved to much in some places and di n't move enough in others.The sound quality was mixed as well . In some areas Geoff Tate sounded great but in other parts of the DVD he sounded like he was eating the microphone . Pamela Moores vocals were n't turned up loud enough which was annoying too.The acting was n't that good but they still pulled it of anyway . I have to remember that these ar n't professional actors there rock stars . The drummer , guitar plaer and bass player were really good in there performances as well.The bonus features are amazing as well . I like how the band filmed their rehearsals for the upcoming tour . I also like how they filmed Ronnie James Dio only appearance with the band which was recorded live from Los Angeles.The bottom line is if you like the story of both operation mindcrime 1 & 2 you 'll love this DVD.This DVD is also a great addition to anybody who likes concept albums as well . I will compare this to the genious of Pete Townshend 's Tommy !
 simply put - you HAVE TO own this DVD if you even marginally call yourself a Queensryche fan.The music is tight and they sound as good as they did 20 + years ago -LRB- well , you can tell Geoff has aged a little , but not that much -RRB- 32 songs for $ 22 ! I ripped the audio from my DVD 's and put it on my ipod , it is that good of a production . My only complaint is that the bass player looks bored and does n't really get into the music.Pamela Moore is awesome in her role of Sister Mary . Even Ronnie James Dio makes an appearance !
 E ' dai tempi del tour di `` empire '' che non vedevo i queensryche cos&igrave; in gran forma , questo dvd per me &egrave; il migliore di tutta la loro carriera , e la consacrazione di una band , dopo questo dvd si pu&ograve; tranquillamente dire che i queenssryche sono entrati nella storia del grande rock come i Deep purple , led zeppelin e thin lizzy negli anni settanta.I queensryche sempre si sono distinti dagli altri gruppi del loro genere , Geoff Tate &egrave; uno dei pi&ugrave; importanti vocalists di tutti i tempi.Questo dvd &egrave; musica e teatro , la collaborazione pi&ugrave; stretta con Pamela Moore rende questo dvd imperdibile.Una sola nota negativa , purtroppo nella composizione della seconda parte si sente l'assenza di Chris De Garmo , Mike Stone &egrave; un grande chitarrista , ma Chris De Garmo per me era fondamentale per la band , hanno perso la parte pi&ugrave; melodoca , che era a mio parere molto importante in questo gruppo !
 Names Marcus from Sydney , Australia.I saw Queensryche when they came ` down under ` and toured in July.They were totally AWESOME live , ans so I have been following there progress on the QR website.I can now hardly wait until I can get a copy of Queensrche
 This is an excellent compilation Video DVD of Operation Mindcrime I and II . The picture clarity and sound is outstanding . It felt like I was at a play . I would rate the entire DVD excellent , but I ca n't . Their anti-Bush/anti-Iraq gestures prevent me from doing so , but it 's great entertainment . When will these groups learn that no one cares about their political opinions . If you love Queensryche 's music , then this is a must-have DVD for your collection . As for the anti-Bush signs and gestures , just remember that these bands are misguided , and do n't know what the heck their talking about when it comes policy . I 'm pro-Bush all the way , and nothing I 've seen on this DVD will ever change that ! He and I believe in the same thing - lets skin these terrorist cowards alive . Kill em ' all I say .
 i seen this concert in l.a. it was great i love operation mindcrime ... omc 2 im not a huge fan of but it was great in concert . dio showed up for a song and he is on this dvd also he sounded as good as ever . the acting on stage was just so so for me ... it helps tell a story that i already know well . i forgot the name of the singer who is mary but she is back for both om1 and 2 and she still sings gr8 . i 'll be buying this dvd when it comes out for sure .
 Being on a tight budget as I am I knew I should have waited to buy this , but I could n't resist . I have long been a mindcrime fanatic , I have listened to part one probably more times than should be allowed by law , and part two , while not quite as good is a thoroughly good front to back album.I will say the first act was an energizing preformance , it had an engaging mix of music , acting and visual arts that had me singing with every song . The Seattle Seahawks drum corps was an excellent addition and Mary 's suicide made my heart skip a beat.It was hard not to watch the second act after watching the first , but unfortunantly after One Foot in Hell the energy really begins to leave the stage . The cover of the DVD stated that `` the Chase '' was preformed with Ronnie James Dio , but unfortunatly for that song neither Dio nore Geoff Tate are present on stage . After `` the Chase '' , the remaining part of the preformance begins to bog down and I found myself waiting for Nikki to committ suicide so I could hear `` Jet City Woman '' from the encore.Overall I would give this four stars . Five for the outstanding preformance from Disk one . Disk Two gets three , losing one for promising and failing to deliver Dio in person and and another for a gradually declining preformace towards the end of disk two .
 Queensryche still sounds great . Geoff Tate especially still sounds terrific . He has n't lost a thing over the years . As for the production , it was just OK in my opinion . The stage at my high school was bigger than the one they performed on , and the little skits they performed reminded me of a high school play . I also miss Chris DeGarmo on guitar . The guy they had was good , but anyone who has seen `` Operation
 Well I finally gave in and bought this Dvd . As a longtime fan whose fanship of Ryche has been recently been rekindled , I was looking forward to seeing this more theatrical presentation of one of the greatest albums of all time . Also , as an added bonus , Mindcrime 's underwhelming sequel is peformed live in its entirely as well.Prog-nosis -LRB- could n't resist haha -RRB-
 Of all of the concert DVDs that I own , or have seen , Mindcrime At The Moore is definitely my most favorite ! I 've been a Queensryche fan ever since the early '90s , after the release of `` Empire '' , & I 've seen them twice in concert , even though they were the opening act . I love Mindcrime At The Moore for tons of reasons
 Woow , , Nice guitar play , nice quality , nice theater and the best of all is Geoff Tate , his voice . . woow he sang like the old days , like the studio version of Operation Mindcrime I !! and his acting along with Pamela Moore , , they are terrific . . he is indeed an artist . . For those who 've left queensryche for the past years come back , ,
 This DVD is an amazing performance of both Mindcrime albums performed in their entirety.A must have for any Prog/Metal fans !!!!!!!!
 This DVD is an excellent performance of both Mindcrime albums performed in their entirety . With live actors and video recordings highlighting the storyline , the vision of MindCrime comes to life . The only problems a true fan of Queensryche and Mindcrime should have with this performance is that DeGarmo is no longer with the band and `` The Chase '' is n't performed live.The 1st Disc is Mindcrime I , and its the best of this 2 disc set . People might argue about Tate 's vocal performance , but you have to have an understanding of what is going on with this performance . First of all 15 + years have gone by since Mindcrime I was orginally released , so after performing these songs for so long and looking back on the original vision with more experienced eyes they have re-envisioned the vision . Think George Lucas and his countless revisions of the Original Star Wars Trilogy . In otherwords , this is a new arrangement of MindCrime I , both vocally and musically . Secondly , and most importantly , this is n't Tate singing MindCrime in the studio , this is n't Tate performing at a standard live venue like LIVEcrime , this is Tate ACTING out Mindcrime in a Rock Opera , which is the true and absolute realization of a compilation album , which MindCrime is . In my opinion Tate does a very good job at affecting his voice to evoke emotion , so that you truly feel what Nicky is going through ; you hear the anger , you hear the sadness , and you hear the pain . This performance is what I have always envisioned Mindcrime I to be.The 2nd disc , is MindCrime II and the bonus stuff . MindCrime II is more of your standard rock performance than the opera vision of MindCrime I , but you still get the emotion of the story from Tate 's and Pamela 's vocals . Though not as good as MindCrime I , MindCrime II still offers a great vision , and great songs/performances . My only disappointment with the MindCrime II performance is that the vocals of `` the chase '' are not performed live , instead a video recording of Tate and Dio singing is played while the band plays live . Sad , but at least one of the bonus features is footage of `` the chase '' performed live at another venue . Other good bonus matierial in this DVD set are the encore performances of `` walk in the shadows '' and `` jet city woman '' , and a tour documentary .
 I saw Queensryche on the Empire tour and have been a big fan ever since the EP from 1983 . I think this is a pretty good performance of both Mindcrimes . Geoff Tate 's voice sounds great -LRB- I do n't know if it was the way it was shot , but it looked like he was lip syncing alot -RRB- and Mike Stone does an admirable job of playing Chris Degarmos 's leads from the first Mindcrime . I was disappointed that Dio was not there live , even though it was just the one track . But Pamela Moore -LRB- is she so hot they named the theater after her ? -RRB- has a huge part and does a great job as Sister Mary . I did throw on the Livecrime video and did find the energy level on that to be a bit better , but all in all `` Mindcrime at the Moore '' is a fine live performance .
 As a longtime QR fan who had high expectations for OM : II and was a little disappointed I purchased this DVD with a bit less fervor . Needless to say I was pleasantly surprised to find a similar -LRB- if not more solid -RRB- effort than the Livecrime release of 16 years ago . It absolutely made sense for the band to put together a tour that covered the Mindcrime saga in its entirety ; however the prospect of combining what was essentially two separate concerts -LRB- along with the visuals -RRB- given the fact that these guys are well into their 40 's seemed a little far fetched . As mentioned in a previous review , this was indeed a massive undertaking . With that in mind , my assessment of the whole DVD experience was going to be much more forgiving than it was after my first listen to the latest studio release.My findings-good , bad and ugly.The good
 This is the next best thing to seeing them live , and seeing the queenryche sagas of Mindrime played back to back . Unfortunately , they did n't get them squeezed on one DVD , so you have to stop and change discs unlike a live continuous show , but thats ok . Well worth the money . Its Livecrime to the max , now with essentially Livecrime 2 expanded on the masterpiece . Must own for a Ryche fan , and definitely should be purchased first before the CD if on limited funds .
 Queensryche returned to their most famous work when they released the somewhat ill received Mindcrime 2 . The sequel is similar towards other recent Queensryce releases in that it is much softer and leans more towards the progressive side of music rather than straight heavy metal -LRB- as the original MC -RRB- . However , this live CD/DVD should bring many fans to the new release and might win a few MC 2 critics over as well.The show featuring over 32 songs -LRB- covering both MC and MC2 -RRB- was a massive effort . The music is also fronted by changing sets , live actors and a myriad of props to help convey the story of the seminal concept albums . Geoff Tate -LRB- The lead singer -RRB- voice has diminished little over the past years and sounds almost as good as he did in the bands early live works . Singing with such intensity and acting well is something that Tate should be quite proud of , as no other aging metal singer can claim a similar feat.There is little in the music world that can compare to Mindcrime at the Moore . The release features great songs , but it is the sheer intensity of the performance that distinguishes it from other similar acts . Rob Halford was quite right when he said that the band was as similar to and opera as it was a metal act.Not to be missed .
 I was lucky enough to attend the shows Mindcrime At The Moore were recorded at , even the one where Ronnie James Dio made his only live performance . This tour -LRB- 10 shows attended -RRB- totally blew me away and I could n't be happier that Queensryche decided to film it all live for this DVD . They 've come full circle with Operation
 While I have always loved to hear Geoff 's voice and the music they put out in the studio to a point has been unique to say the least ; I have to agree with another review that I had read mentioning the editing . . it could have been longer on each scene . I liked the venue they chose and the arrangment was good as well as the music performed . I still have to sit and watch beginning to end but I like Queensryche anyway for their talent so I can get past the minor negatives . Nice to have a copy though .
 Classic old school Queensryche filmed at the histiric Moore Theater in Seattle . Highlight is Revolution Calling and Eyes of a Stranger . The concert has great theatrical presentations .
 This shows a differnet side of Queensryche . They are so good on so many levels . This concert gives you a front row seat at the Moore . Awesome stage show music and it 's very entertaining . A great buy . A must for the Queensryche Fan !
 I really like this DVD . I got it for Christmas -LRB- ' 08 -RRB- and have watched it twice . The playing is great . Tate 's voice is pretty good for the most part . True , he is a bit over the top and corny at times . But it still works . As for the political commentary , get over it people , that 's part of the story -LRB- listen to the songs themselves -RRB- . And yes , muscicians , just like the rest of us have a right to their opinions . You have the right not to listen . I happen to agree with the views presented on stage . But if I did n't I would either choose not to watch or just ignore it . For instance , you wo n't ever catch me at a Toby Keith concert ! LOL . Well , besides his political views , his songs pretty much suck :-RRB- Anyway , if you are a fan of Mindcrime , get this .
 Power 90 is a 90 day program for men and women designed to transform your booty from NOT to HOT ! The system includes 2 DVD 's , a transformation tracker -LRB- paper calender to record your progress -RRB- , descriptive booklet and guide to healthy eating.To begin the program you record your weight and measurements . Then push play with Tony the instructor in your DVD player . You alternate between circuit days and cardio/abs days . The circuit days include exercises such as heavy pants , push ups , one arm triceps , bicep curls , back flys , lunges and more . The cardio/abs day includes kickboxing , leg raises , ab work and more . As you progress you move from the first DVD to the progressively harder second DVD . One very nice feature is each session is only about 30-40 minutes long . As the Beachbody company says from `` power to shower in under an hour '' . Another great feature is the use of a sidebar on your picture screen . As you complete each exercise the color changes so you can view your time and progress.Tony the instructor is a peppy guy with a sense of humor but not overdone . He is accompanied by a man and a woman in each set . Cueing is good with modifications suggested for those who need it . You may do the workout with free weights or purchase bands from the company . The bands are heavy duty and in my opinion make the workout much more difficult but may put strain on the back.A simple diet guide is included in the program . Called `` Michi 's ladder '' it suggests good foods to select from and eat most of the time . This is a simple brochure and more information is needed . To transform your body exercise is very important but what you eat counts A LOT ! Not enough attention is paid to this.Beachbody also recommends supplements which they sell of course . They claim that these will enhance your workout and help you achieve the body of your dreams at a much more rapid pace . However , when I checked into it , I found the studies they had done were limited and incomplete . Many of the ingredients are unproven . I would think twice about purchasing them . A `` commercial '' for the supplements is included on all Beachbody tapes.I checked out the website over a period of several months and found a number of people who were happily shrinking in size and weight or gaining muscle . Many posted their pictures . Conversely , I also saw many who posted pictures and slowly faded from sight dropping out of the program , leaving their `` befores '' but no `` afters '' for all to see in cyberspace!I really think the exercise program can be very effective , but it is repetitious . Day after day you will for 90 days be doing the same thing . But its a boot camp . For those who want to kick a ** and do n't mind repetition - this may be the ticket . Those who want to try it should also check out the free message boards at the companies beachbody.com web site.Others may want to go with something simpler . Whatever you do , if you opt to go for it . . stick with it a while before you post those `` before '' pictures just in case you never make it to the `` after '' stage !
 I agree that this program can get boring if you follow it for 90 days doing the same workouts over and over . I , myself , think I only made it the first 30 or so . However , you will find a solid workout here in both circuit and cardio . Tony Horton is a like-able guy , although he always cues his lefts and rights . The music also gets old pretty quick . I like the 100-ab routine because you go through them so quickly that it does n't feel like you 're doing 100 sit ups . I also really like the meter/timer on the side that shows how much you 've done so far and how much further you have to go . I quit the `` Power 90 program '' long ago , but I still keep this DVD in my regular workout rotation .
 I am on my second round of Power 90 before I head into the P90X or Masters series . I find Power 90 to be a reasonably strenuous workout , comprising circuit/weight training followed by yoga/cardio . Each day can be done in an hour , and by the time you finish , you know you have worked out . People started noticing a difference in my physique within 30-40 days , and the improvements continued throughout the cycle.A few caveats - if you want to make continuous progress , buy a set of bands or dumbbells separate so you can progress your weights upward . The 90 days of essentially 4 workouts -LRB- 30 days of the 1-2 series and 60 of the 3-4 series -RRB- make for a bit of boredom and repetition . You essentially switch back and forth each day between cardio and circuit - and man , after 60 days , you know every Tony Hortonism , joke , cadence and gaffe.A good program if you follow it , and can get past the repetitive nature of it .
 This is the second time I have bought Tony 's Power 90 . I bought this instead of Power 90 X , since is more easy to follow , keep the program , and get similar results . If you are considering trying Power 90 X , or already bought it , but ca n't keep up with it , this is a better start before continuing with the other program . At this moment Im doing it with my 20 year old son ... and as before , Im expecting great results in 90 days . -LRB- You see results as soon as 30 days -RRB- . One suggestion
 This series is for the beginner or prep for P90X . It is also good for days when there is only time for a 30 - 45 min workout .
 If you are not in really good shape this is a great product to get ready for P90X . It does get kind of boring because you are doing the same workouts every other day , but they do work . It is only about 30 mins but it is amazing how well it works .
 I updated from the VHS version of this program . It is a great home excercise program for those who have n't worked out in some time . It is a fantastic program to do prior to the P90X program , especially if you have n't worked out in some time .
 Looking for quick , easy way to get in shape ? This is the program for you .
 I bought this because the P90x fitness test was much too rigorous for me and they suggested starting with Power 90 in that case . I followed it faithfully for a month and saw really good results and felt fantastic -LRB- did n't follow their diet guide provided but did change to a healthier &#34; eat to live &#34; mentality -RRB- . The post workout recovery supplement was extremely effective.Two things went wrong
 Very intense workout for begginers . I highly recommend this product for all body types and ages . This is a good product that gets you fit with the right exercise . Gets you sweating and pumped up . It has breaks in it , so you dont feel like you are about to faint . Go at your own pace . This is good to use prior to purchasing P90X . Get 's you motivated and the weightloss is great . You must follow a strict meal plan to loose weight . Also good if you are just wanting to get toned and get a six pick .
 I have been doing power90 off and on for 2 years now and it really works . I lost 20 pounds when I began and have kept it off ! I literally have become a walking billboard for Beach Body because of the great results I received . Tony Horton is a great motivator ... a little goofy at times , but great nevertheless . If you change your diet and stick to this program you will not be disappointed .
 This is my second copy of this DVD , I love it so much . I 'm 48 and love the way Tony makes sure we do a lot of stretching and yogo to loosen up before and after .
 Great workout . Keeps your body toned . Tony Horton really knows how to make you work out your body . Great for not so physical people .
 I love working out with Tony . . he is good at keeping an even , workable pace making the workout enjoyable and fullfilling ! Ca n't wait to advance to Stage Two in the near future ...
 I really like this fitness program ! I found it easy to learn the steps/moves/exercises and fun to do . Tony Horton is great ! He is very knowledgeable , encouraging and likeable . The video production and graphics are fantastic ! I recommend it for beginners and intermediates alike .
 I 've done Power 90 off and on for about 5 years now . It 's effective but like anything else if you do it all the time it does get boring . I have an 18 year old brother who plays high school football -LRB- he 's very fit -RRB- he did the sculpt and ab ripper-it kicked his butt ! I think this is a great way to work out !
 This video was such a joy to watch and so informative ! The beauty of the British railway system really shines through in this presentation . Being a British historie buff I really enjoyed this ! I recommend this video to any train lovers out there , wherever you are ! Happy rails to you !
 When you hear folks say that they do n't make 'em like that anymore , they might be talking about `` BY THE SEA '' . This is a very cool story about a young Cuban girl searching for idenity who stumbles into a coastal resort kitchen gig with a zen motorcycle maintenance man , three hysterical Italian chefs and a Latino fireballing right handed pitcher who plays on the team sponsored by the resort 's owner . As is often the case she ` finds ' herself through honest , often comical but always emotional , interaction with this sizzling roster of players . With the perfect mix of special effects , that salsa sound and flashbacks , BY THE SEA , gets 4 BIG stars from me !
 A great find , heard of this movie from a friend , and glad I did . A really well done romantic comedy with a magical twist . The acting is terrific -LRB- I regognized the girl from the Sopranos -RRB- , the scenery/locations were beautiful and the story held up the whole way . A great date movie . You wo n't be sorry .
 I was surprised , and so touched , by this movie . What a delightful find ! A friend recommended it , and they were n't wrong at all . The story is lovely , with a lot of heart . The actress who plays Elena is beautiful . And the locations ! Wow . I want to visit there , wherever this is . The story gave me hope , and inspiration , and a desire to have my own magic happen by the sea !! Really , a must watch , good to cuddle up with a loved one .
 This movie is set in Brooklyn and it is about a single mother -LRB- Alma -RRB- and her teenaged daughter -LRB- Rainbow -RRB- who dont see eye to eye . Alma is very strict and protective of Rainbow and she has reason . Rainbow often skips school to dance with her two male buddies -LRB- who dont pay much attention to her because of her tom-boy ways -RRB- on the street for money . The main conflict of the story arises when Alma 's free-spirited and flashy/sassy sister arrives and Rainbow instantly becomes smitten with her and wants to be just like her . However , Rainbow latter becomes dissapointed with her aunt . This movie is a good coming of age story and a good story about a Mother and Daughter finding themselves . Oh yea , the music is also really good .
 THIS IS A GREAT MOTHER VS DAUGHTER MOVIE THAT 'S WELL WORTH WATCHING.CHECK IT OUT !!
 Adventures From the Book of Virtues is superb programming for children . Well worth the price considering the content . I do n't usually purchase DVDs but this is an exception to my personal `` rule '' .
 Perry Mason , Volume 1 Collector 's Edition DVDThe ` Perry Mason ' show lasted for nine seasons , a record then . Out of its 271 episodes 120 were used for sixty VHS tapes around 1994 . Later 108 of these were used for twenty seven DVD discs in four volumes . In 2006 they started to release the whole series on DVDs , a half season at a time . The First Season was the best as most of its stories came from Gardner 's novels . A -LSB- year -RSB- identifies the original novel . `` The Case of the Restless Redhead '' -LSB- 1954 -RSB- follows the novel of the same name . A young woman found a pistol hidden in her room . Evelyn Bagby had been recently cleared of an unjust charge of burglary -LRB- a fact important to this story -RRB- . Perry Mason advises her to leave her rooms and spend the night at a motel . On the road a hooded man tries to force her off the road ; she fires two shots at his car . When a body is found , Evelyn Bagby is arrested for murder . Mason 's investigation finds two pistols bought at the same time by a wealthy man ; his girlfriend had claimed Evelyn stole her jewels . -LSB- There is a hidden story here , as in many of Gardner 's novels . -RSB- Ballistics ca n't determine if the gun fired the fatal bullets . The murdered man had received a $ 10,000 payoff from that wealthy man earlier , but this money is missing . Perry Mason gets an admission from a witness on the stand that clears Evelyn Bagby . -LSB- Note the casual handling of pistols at that time . -RSB- `` The Case of the Baited Hook '' -LSB- 1940 -RSB- starts when an anonymous man hires Perry Mason with two $ 1,000 bills , and gives him half of a $ 10,000 bill as a retainer to defend a veiled woman who does n't speak . Mason accepts with the condition he can decline once he learns more about this case . Paul Drake traces the serial number on that bill to an Investment Counselor . -LSB- Those big bills were not in general circulation . -RSB- The Investment Counselor is found murdered . A woman whose investments have been swindled by Tidings is the main suspect , along with his partner . Was there any other swindler involved ? There is the question of the parentage of the young woman who was the beneficiary of a trust fund . There is a reference to the `` baby farms '' of that day . -LSB- Some of the names were changed from the novel . -RSB- `` The Case of the Prodigal Parent '' begins in an office where the secretary , Laraine Stevens , refuses to date Mr. Phillip Larkin . Laraine is sent on an errand , when she calls George Durrell for information she finds a problem . Mr. Larkin ca n't answer either . The police were called and find the body . The fingerprints on the gun case belong to Joseph Harrison . Mrs. Ethel Harrison visits Perry Mason for her divorced husband . Mr. Harrison explains his behavior . Mrs. Harrison has disappeared . If the gun case was polished how did the fingerprints get on it ? A silent home movie shows a conflict . Perry questions a witness and gets a hidden secret revealed . There is a surprise ending that frees Perry 's client . -LSB- This was not adapted from a Gardner novel but seems similar in plot . -RSB-
 It 's such a shame how relatively unknown this series is . Granted , it does not appeal to everyone , as it is a very subtle and quiet series . The genre is historical romance set in Victorian England . It 's a beautiful series , the animation is top notch ... the Japanese voice actors were wonderful and suited to their roles . However , I only wish they dubbed it as well ... I would 've loved to hear it in English since the story is set in England after all .
 This second set of Emma begins with a textbook example of how to do a recap episode , as Vivian 's reading of Romeo and Juliet prompts Hakim to coyly recount to the audience what 's happened so far in the grand fashion of a Shakespearean prologue . As it ends with him proclaiming that the `` Second Act '' is about to begin , we 're off with the continuing story of Emma and William.As it begins , Mrs. Stowner 's sad but natural passing has left Hakim - who is n't going to be in England forever - as the only remaining champion of Emma and William 's relationship . Emma is , fortunately , not out on the streets , as she 's quickly employed by mischievous , unconventional German expatriate Dorothea Molders - the woman she met at the train station at the end of the last set - who turns out to be a wonderful employer . Meanwhile , to Hakim 's disappointment and dismay , William proposes to Eleanor in an attempt to please his father and forget Emma.Of course , this is a romance , so an outrageous coincidence throws Emma and William together again and William realizes his terrible mistake . But by that time Emma has started spending time with Mrs. Molders ' gruff but kind handyman Hans , with whom she has alot in common - and if William humiliates Eleanor and the Campbell family by breaking the engagement at a late stage , it might ruin his father 's business , his brothers ' employment prospects , and his sisters ' marriage prospects all in one shot , in addition to profoundly hurting Eleanor , who he does n't love but considers a friend ... Can William convince Emma that they can defy convention , as well as convince his family that she is worth the financial downsizing they might all face if he leaves Eleanor for Emma?The answer is no surprise , pretty much given away in the new opening sequence and by the fact that Hakim 's one-episode prologue is delivered in a fairly light tone in spite of the Romeo and Juliet springboard . It 's the execution of the story that 's so wonderful . The new cast members are engaging , and the scenery of the Molders ' country estate expands the Victorian world largely limited to the stunning depiction of London in the first set.Ultimately , Emma ranks at the highest level of slice of life anime , and is a must for the collection of any fans of that subgenre - as well as period piece fans or even anyone who simply wants a change from the action/adventure genre of most anime .
 Emma season 2 was a surprise . It felt much more grand than its subdued classy first season.In season 2 of Emma , our main character moves away from London to get away from the struggle of her affair with a noble and begins life as a maid in Germany where her first day is met with an accusation of theft . Things lead to an emotional but very happy ending and Emma finds herself a favorite among the maids and the masters of the house . Emma 's love , Will , back in London can not get her out of his mind and falls into depression but finds comfort in Miss Campbell , a sweet noble girl . The two begin to fall in love . Things seem to go smoothly until Emma and Will 's lives cross paths again and the story takes a dramatic turn.Nozomi 's release comes with perfect subtitles and a great set of extras . It 's a quality release.I ca n't recommend Emma enough for anyone who loves a good story .
 In Season Two we see Emma and William living apart in two households which , when you come down to it , are both upper crust but have different views on class , money , power , and their places in the universe . As one review pointed out this is a very subtle and quiet anime and many people may not enjoy it or even watch it because it just is n't their thing . Like the first DVD set this one has a extra in the form of a book with few extras within the DVDs themselves . It is , also , like the first DVDs subtitled . It WOULD have been nice to hear English voices but I do n't mind that much . On the other hand , would have been nice to hear the German accent of the Molders maybe?Like the first series the plot is realistic and the characters very solid , very aware of their place . They are characters of their time and do n't pretend to have 21st Century values in a 19th Century world . And I still want to kick William in the butt - he is such a good character that he REALLY generates a emotional response from me . Mostly the need to smack him around.And the character of Monica felt off . The Campbell family came off as so proper and aware of their image ... yet they allow the oldest girl to dress and act like that ?!?!? Funny thing is I was starting to feel sorry for the Campbell family till ... well , that be spoilers . I guess the Japanese needed a villain for the piece . I think it would have been better off if they left out the Bad Guy and let the lovers have to deal with the real problem - deciding if their love was important enough to break away from their class , their culture , and their society . Would they be strong enough to believe in themselves ? Sad to say , we will never really know . The ending was not as realistic as I would have hoped and did leave some loose ends . True , it suggests happy endings for all but we all know that there would be a LOT of fallout from such a ending.Enjoy with good English Black Tea -LRB- from India -RRB- and scones -LRB- from Scotland -RRB- and try to give the Maid the day off while you watch the DVDs . If you liked this may I suggestThe Writer 's Guide to Everyday Life in Regency and Victorian England from 1811-1901orDignity and Decadence
 Emma is working in a new household with a team of other maids and servants . Certainly something she 's not used to . William is seeing Eleanor Campbell . It 's obvious both sides want marriage between them , except for Eleanors father . You 'll see why when you watch it . No matter how much William told his father he loved Emma in part one , he 's totally against him being with her . He wants William to marry into title to secure their place in the gentry.Eleanor is foolishly head-over-heels in love with William , even though William has admitted that he just does n't want to be lonely and likes her company . There is a scene that will floor you about how desperate Eleanor is . She is so naive ! I love the blast from the past which tells how Williams father and mother met.William thinks he 'll never see Emma again , and Emma is accepting living without him and being a maid . Eleanor 's older sister , tells William off and gives William an ultimatum . William proposes and Eleanor , the silly girl says yes . Hakim leaves England . It 's not until Emmas new employer visits her friend , `` Mrs. Trollope '' aka Williams mother , that things get more interesting . Emma nearly ruins her chances to go to London again with her employer , but when she does go , she is to accompany Mrs. Trollope to a party . They dress her up and sure enough she looks like a true blue blood and all eyes are on her.Of course William and Emma meet each other at the party , where she learns that he is engaged . My favorite part of the movie ! I also love the support from her new employer . She stands back , yet encourages the match . From William breaking the engagement , Viscount Campbells revenge , Emma considering Hans , a fellow worker , Prince Hakims return to Williams unwavering devotion to Emma as well as his family , it ends with the woman who started it all . Perfect ! I wish there were more movies like this .
 Touching on many levels , the second season of Emma manages to do everything that the first season could n't plus much more . It 's rare that you come across a series that gets off to such a poor start before managing to tell such a beautiful second half but this one certainly fits that mold . If you are ever looking for a moving , touching and sometimes heartbreaking period romance than you need n't look any further ; this is romantic gold .
 Most western animation for children is , to put it simply , really wretched . At best , it 's tolerable.But a shining exception would be the tale of the Avatar of all four elements , and to restore the balance in the world . The first two volumes of `` Avatar The Last Airbender '' serve as a solid start to the series -- they smoothly introduce the characters and sets up some nice story arcs , without skimping on development of either.South Pole Water Tribe siblings Katara and Sokka stumble across a glowing iceberg with a young Airbender boy named Aang -LRB- and his flying bison -RRB- inside . All Airbenders were killed long ago . You guessed it -LRB- and so does Katara -RRB-
 Welcome to the Splatterparty ! This is one nasty little bloodbath , showered down upon us with sick and grueling depravity that only underground horror can provide . Gorelovers , grab a fork ! Writer/director Leif Jonker and his friends actually financed much of this cult gem with their own blood , using the money they earned from their donations at the nearby plasma bank . $ 5,000 budget ? Are you kidding me ? I heard Rob Zombie 's Halloween remake had a budget of around 15 million.Now it does have the expected problems that come with a super-low budget horror flick . Horrendous acting , amateurish directing , bad transfer . But really I think this adds to the charm . The narrative jumps around alot , which did n't seem to serve much of a purpose . We 're often given indications -- 23 minutes to daylight , or 9 minutes to night . But it would still look like broad daylight . Kinda silly , but all is forgiven . And when some people have a delayed reaction to the heinous onslaught occurring just in front of them , you ca n't help but yell `` Run dummy ! '' . Oh well ... Luckily there is enough awesome to make you forget about the ridiculous . Darkness is a pretty straight forward vampire story , stuck back in the 80 's . We 've got mullets , Hard Rock Cafe T-Shirts , & some cheesy metal . The violence jumps right in and never stops . I 'm talking about blood , blood , blood . And more blood . It sometimes feels more like a apocalyptic zombie tale . Other times maybe a gory cannibal flick . Trust me , there will be lots of flesh rippage and gooey carnage.This has an incredibly vicious ending . Badass stuff ! It kinda reminded me of the flesh melting scene at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark. . But better ! No CGI here though , some phenomenal special effects , regardless of the budget.Darkness
 After purchasing and watching this movie , I can see why there is such a cult following . The movie was obviously made with very little budget , but the quality blew me away . The movie follows a town that gets taken over by vampires . They attack innocent people and drink lots of blood . The similarities to other vampire movies stops there , however . The acting in this movie is non-existent , but the action explods off the screen . The gore and death scenes are great , and I was shocked -LRB- Thats real blood , people -RRB- . Chainsaw weilding maniacs , and ghouls of the night.This movie took WAY too long in production , but the special features , and movie transfer are WELL worth the wait.Great -LRB- Dare I say `` B '' -RRB- vampire genre film.Keep in mind this IS very low budget-so if you 're expecting `` Blade '' , you will be dissapointed .
 I gave this flick 4 stars for the gore . It is plentiful and convincing enough , especially given the budget -LRB- ? -RRB- . I had never heard of this flick , so I do n't know if it really has a cult following or not . Maybe in Germany , but they 'll watch ANYTHING . If you have a soft spot for low-budget splatter , and are very forgiving , you 'll probably like this . It 's kind of like a modern version of a Fred Olen Ray flick , but with no boobs . The gore and action are spread liberally throughout , so it never gets boring . There are a few -LRB- okay , many -RRB- glaring examples of poor or lazy scripting -LRB- like the dumb broad who watches in horror as her boyfriend is torn apart for like 4 minutes instead of running , yeah right -RRB- , but nothing out of the ordinary for this type of movie . As a child of the 80 's , the cheesy thrash metal , longhairs , and mullet models that made up the cast -LRB- and probably the crew -RRB- really took me back and made me feel nostalgic . The plot , such as it is , is this
 This is an excellent two disk set filled with tons of extras . The film is a gore soaked saga pitting a group of young people against an ever growing vampire hoard . Filled with tons of bloody , spurting , gooey deaths , it should be a delight for gore-hounds . The film moves at a nice fast pace and is never boring . Where the DVD really shines is in the extras . Multiple commentary tracks are included with the cast and crew . This commentary illustrates the love these people share for the film as well as being very insightful on the makings of low budget , renegade cinema . Also included is an original cut of the film that is also worth watching to see how `` Darkenss '' morphed over the years into the current version . We are also given a nice set of interviews with many of the cast as they look back on their experiences making the film . All I can say is this movie is a lot of fun-check it out .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift and I believe they enjoyed it . i have not had the opportunity to watch it myself , but hope to in the future .
 Very good introduction for anyone interested in various breeds and what they do best . Terrific episode by Mr. Scott on movie horses - learned lots I did not know . The episodes are filmed in Canada so many of the horses and handlers were not known to me which hindered my appreciation somewhat . Two examples would be the ranch/cow horse - in the US we have the Quarter horse - in Canada , not so much - the other is Dressage . Really good episode , but have no clue as to the breeder/trainer/handler - but that could very well be my ignorance of international competitors.The one problem I had was the episode on rodeos and this is the basis for the four stars . Mr. Scott and those he interviewed failed to mention that bucking horses are enduced to buck by a strap - a very important point when discussing bucking stock and what makes them buck.Notwithstanding the rodeo episode , as you listen , you develop an interest to know more which is a great way to begin the search for knowledge . Mr. Scott does drone on a bit and patronizes somewhat , however , there is knowledge to be gained even if it means a little suffering in the process . The good news is that no one paints a idealized picture of horses . Most episodes are matter-of-fact and clearly present the breed characteristics .
 The selection of the topics and the horses that are subjects of each discipline are well thought out . It is a very relaxing and enjoyable video to watch . It is educational and you really get to experience the versatility and the heart and soul of the horses through these videos . I would highly recommend the video .
 My children thoroughly enjoyed the complete series . A must for a horse lovers . Covers all aspects of horses from wild to dancing horses .
 What a great DVD . Even if you think you know horses this is a must watch . I am a horse lover and learned many things . Loved it !
 This is a great video about the many ways horses are helpful to people . Very interesting and good for learning about horses .
 This item was purchase as a Christmas Gift for someone else . So , I do not know the exact status of the item . Thank you .
 This was a really neat product . Great for anyone who loves horses or are interested in Horses . My daughter really enjoyed watching this and will enjoy it in the future many times more !
 There is no doubt that Anthony Callea has one of the best voices of all time . This DVD was recorded after his first album was released . It has a great variety of songs , including his big hits , like `` The Prayer , '' `` Per Sempre , '' `` Bridge over Troubled Water , '' and `` Rain . '' I think my favorite might be `` Wan na Be the One , '' which is infectious and upbeat.Though this would n't play on my old DVD player , I had no problem playing it on my computer . Besides the concert , there are five videos , a making of , and a behind the scenes . All in all , it 's one of my favorite concert DVDs ever . Now I hope my dream comes true and he duets with Leona Lewis someday .
 Here I will strive to make as helpful & insiteful reveiw as I am able ... First , I feel I should point out that I have a PARTIALNESS for one of the actors in this movie , which is why I bought it!The strong points for this movie are definitely associated with the favourable rapport the actors had with each other , the BEAUTIFUL meritime location/landcsape and , for me , the story line of people finding new excitement -LRB- for living and ... -RRB- in each other after the long & painful `` dry spells '' that living can produce for some of us.Of corse , the harsh reality that nothing is as good as it seems or that it probaly will not `` last '' if it is ... The main chacaters are Susan -LRB- S.Fenn -RRB- , an inhibited -LRB- Kindly -RRB- widow for the past year , her delightful -LRB- playful -RRB- best friend Lisa who constantly insists & teases her to start `` having a life again '' , their good & -LRB- protective -RRB- friend Kirby , the local police `` boss man '' and Patrick/Jeff -LRB- N. Lea -RRB- the charming , `` charisma oozeing '' , escaped convict that inserts himself into Susan 's life for the purpose of obtaining the prize to which he was imprisoned for!There are weaknesses to the writing ? -LRB- not quite sure if that 's exactly the trouble -RRB- of this movie.It 's best to just take in and enjoy the interactions of the actors with each other.The playfulness & pleasant aura/chemistry that was shared by and presented between them makes watching their performance `` a comely experience '' ! The characators are beliveable in their situations.True , you may find the story a tad `` predicable '' , but if you enjoy NICHOLAS LEA or SHERILYN FENN then perhaps you will enjoy this story/movie , as I do.The set suroundings -LRB- the house & funishings -RRB- were extreamly pleasant , plus the meritime town & island all gives the veiwer a sense of beauty & a feeling of `` loveiness '' . That there in lies the -LRB- visional & emotional -RRB- contrast that exsists ... the beauty & oozeing tranquility & satisfaction , against the opposit reality of the situations the folks are in ... loss , loneiness , desparation , panic , violence!Buy DEADLY ISOLATION if you really enjoy Nicholas Lea or Sherilyn Fenn . -LRB- made for Canadian tv movie -RRB-
 I got this movie for my two daughters , and they loved it . Now , they ask to watch Bah ya Bah every day ! My wife and I appreciate the fact that in addition to being entertaining , this movie teaches vaulable moral lessons . This is definately a movie the whole family can watch together .
 Lost Boy is compelling ... . I can not convey how inspired I have been as I searched my own life as a mother ... thinking of things I could have done and things I should not have done . These words spoken in the film are still resonating in my mind and heart ... The life you lived as a child has brought you to where you are now . It is time for me to let go of some resentments with my birthmother and with a friend who did me wrong . I appreciate the film 's truthfulness , directness , and transparency as it tells us what God wants from us .
 This story has been a blessing to me and has offered much hope and direction for my prayers . It is so like the LORD to take a troubled life , turn it completely around , and use it to encourage people to stay in the battle against the enemy .
 I had the pleasure of first watching this moving at hope chapel here on maui . I also got to see Greg Laurie live after watching his movie . this movie has changed my life and i have since given my life to christ again ! . when i came home that night after watching this movie i immediately looked for it on amazon ! i found it and ordered it . when it came in i watched it with the rest of my family . i can watch this dvd every single day ! it touches my heart and gives me hope and it amazes me and proves that god is great and works through anything this movie proves it ! i am now saving this movie for my husband that is training in the army right now , when he comes home i get to share this experience all over again as we watch the movie together and share the experience together ! everyone that is looking for peace , hope and love should watch this movie . it is AWESOME !
 I have been reading the books written by Greg Laurie for the last year . I get the daily devotion from Harvest.org , he is so plain spoken I am so happy to have discovered such a man of God ... Then I watched his video `` Lost Boy
 This is a really well done movie from Greg Laurie about his life and the many trials the LORD brought him through . It 's so encouraging and uplifting to see what the LORD can do with just one life !
 An awesome testimony of what Christ can do for us if we only accept HIM as our LORD.Good purchase ...
 This award winning documentary was brilliantly produced and directed . But more importantly , Greg 's story is a true example of God 's redeeming love , grace , healing and mercy . I worshiped at Greg 's church years ago and have kept up with him over the years and marvel at the anointed power of his messages . When I heard this story for the first time I had no idea his life had been so difficult growing up . To see what the Lord did for this broken , lost little boy is a magnificent testimony to His colossal love for us . Greg has been tested on the anvil of adversity , and his story has profoundly affected my life and faith . As powerful as his ministry was before , it is even more so now . When I go through difficult times , sometimes his story comes to me and I say , `` There is hope indeed . God will get me through this.This DVD is a powerful tool for evangelizing . Glory to God for His all consuming love that gives us such hope .
 I highly recommend this DVD . Greg Laurie is inspirational and has shared all the good and bad with lots of life wisdom . Highly recommend !
 My husband and I ordered both The Lost Boy and The Lost Boy the next chapter . We love this documentary and have recommended it to all of are friends and family . Our kids -LRB- 17 & 20yrs old -RRB- watched it with us and they too loved it .
 There are so many `` lost boys '' in this world that need to know that they are not alone and there is hope for them . Pastor Greg , thank you for your ministry and for sharing your story .
 This is one of many showcases of Russian ballet available on video , and the usual suspects show up
 Just a warning
 If you want to relax to the beautiful scenes of wild dolphins in the clear water of the bahama banks this is a great video for you . The new age music adds to the already georgeous scenery and playfulness of the dolphins ! I would highly recommend this video for all dolphin lovers of any age ! Very relaxing !
 I always enjoy Jerry Lewis films and have added this to my collection . Just a good old movie to have in any collection .
 Loved the movie . It is a great Martin and Lewis classic and very typical of their type of humor . If you like M & L then you will love this movie . Get it , you will not regret it .
 This movie featured the comedic talents of the one and only Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin . Their only movie not released by Paramount . The comedy surrounds the antics of life at the army barracks for these two and their superiors . Funniest part ... Jerry Lewis in a dress ! If you enjoy these two then you will like their first outing , `` At War With the Army ' !
 Fantastic , What better way to take a walk down memory lane , than to watch some Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin , to lift your spirits.I really enjoyed every second of it , i also bought the 10 dvd collection of jerry Lewis.Jerry Lewis - The Legendary Jerry Collection -LRB- The Bellboy / Cinderfella / The Delicate Delinquent / The Disorderly Orderly / The Errand Boy / The Family Jewels / The Ladies Man / The Nutty Professor / The Patsy / The Stooge -RRB- Must have for any fan .
 I love this movie!To see Jerry in a dress is always funny.Skinny and hairy!What a riot !!! He 's a very handsome man , but he makes a funny looking laaaaaadddddyyyyyy !!! It 's worth watching .
 This is required viewing since it is Martin and Lewis ' first movie . As a comedy , it 's not that great . It 's not very funny , there 's a lot of time wasted on generic dialog , and Dean 's character is n't likeable since he mostly shouts , bullies , womanizes , and lies throughout . The movie is based on a play and it seems that some portions that may have played well in a live setting do n't work on the screen . I ca n't be too sure since I do n't know what is new to this movie and did n't appear in the play , or what did work in 1950 but does n't work in 2005 . I got a good nostalgic feeling watching the movie . It gave me a feeling of sitting in a playhouse in 1940 with that era of audience and laughing at silly running gags like the half open door . Now that the bar has been raised so many times with comedy superstars like Eddie Murphy , Richard Pryor , Steve Martin , Tom Hanks , and Jerry Lewis himself , it 's fun to watch material from a simpler time.Dean comes across well . His singing is great , he dances , and does an excellent impersonation of Bing Crosby . This is a good showcase of his talent.Jerry also comes across well , as expected , with all of his trademarks . Bumbling clowning , funny faces , pouting , mime . His singing was better than I expected . He switches off between various singing voices like his zany voice , mock romantic , sarcastic , etc. . He can hit the high notes and he sounds good.The plot is pretty good . The various subplots involving Jerry , his wife and baby , his former friendship with Dean , Dean 's two girlfriends and his military career , Dean 's romantic rival , and the captain and his wife make for a somewhat complex plot . The movie builds up to the climax where all of the misunderstandings -LRB- and intentional subterfuges by Dean 's character -RRB- come together with seven actors onscreen at the same time fighting each other to work things out . We 're lucky that all seven made it into the TV frame!I was touched by the ending in the same way that I remember always being touched by Martin and Lewis ' movies
 Jerry Lewis is very funny in all of his movies ! And Jerry makes Dean Martin look as dumb as he is . If you like old movies , you should get all of the Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin movies . I may only be 12 , but I watch a lot of old movies .
 This movie is chock full of slapstick comedy so if you do n't like that , you wo n't like this movie . However , it always makes me laugh . I love it !
 This is required viewing since it is Martin and Lewis ' first movie . As a comedy , it 's not that great . It 's not very funny , there 's a lot of time wasted on generic dialog , and Dean 's character is n't likeable since he mostly shouts , bullies , womanizes , and lies throughout . The movie is based on a play and it seems that some portions that may have played well in a live setting do n't work on the screen . I ca n't be too sure since I do n't know what is new to this movie and did n't appear in the play , or what did work in 1950 but does n't work in 2005 . I got a good nostalgic feeling watching the movie . It gave me a feeling of sitting in a playhouse in 1940 with that era of audience and laughing at silly running gags like the half open door . Now that the bar has been raised so many times with comedy superstars like Eddie Murphy , Richard Pryor , Steve Martin , Tom Hanks , and Jerry Lewis himself , it 's fun to watch material from a simpler time.Dean comes across well . His singing is great , he dances , and does an excellent impersonation of Bing Crosby . This is a good showcase of his talent.Jerry also comes across well , as expected , with all of his trademarks . Bumbling clowning , funny faces , pouting , mime . His singing was better than I expected . He switches off between various singing voices like his zany voice , mock romantic , sarcastic , etc. . He can hit the high notes and he sounds good.The plot is pretty good . The various subplots involving Jerry , his wife and baby , his former friendship with Dean , Dean 's two girlfriends and his military career , Dean 's romantic rival , and the captain and his wife make for a somewhat complex plot . The movie builds up to the climax where all of the misunderstandings -LRB- and intentional subterfuges by Dean 's character -RRB- come together with seven actors onscreen at the same time fighting each other to work things out . We 're lucky that all seven made it into the TV frame!I was touched by the ending in the same way that I remember always being touched by Martin and Lewis ' movies
 `` At War With The Army '' , Dean Martin & Jerry Lewis ' first starring feature -LRB- after 2 plum supporting roles in `` My Friend Irma '' and the sequel `` My Friend Irma Goes West '' -RRB- , is clearly an excuse to see if this new comedy duo can carry a picture . And why not start them off in a service comedy ? Look what `` Buck Privates '' did for Abbott & Costello!AWWTA is based on a stage play , and really looks it . With the exception of a few outdoor scenes , most of the film is very `` stagebound '' as the characters occupy a handful of set pieces , and Martin & Lewis are obliged to share their screen time with a wide assortment of characters . Strangely enough , Martin & Lewis do not seem to be intentionally paired as a team here , since their characters only cavort in a few scenes together . One of the `` convincers '' that they are a team is the `` Service Show '' scene , obviously a holdover from their nightclub act . The problem is that their 2 characters are mostly at odds with each other , since one is Sargeant -LRB- Martin -RRB- while the other is a lowly Private -LRB- Lewis -RRB- . Dean sings his songs as smoothly as he does in future movies , while Jerry sings a cute , funny novelty number that `` The Navy Gets the Gravy While the Army Gets the Beans '' , and does a curious turn in drag singing a French accent , and mugging it up.The film has a sort of `` B-movie '' feel to it , mostly because it was produced by someone else , and not Hal Wallis , who would give such polish & style to their following films . The DVD interpretation here is scratchy , dark & blurred in spots , but still viewable.Although not their best by any means , AWWTA was a big hit when it first debuted , and was an indication that the best from Martin & Lewis was still to come .
 Jerry has such a humble approach in his character it is very easy to sink in . There is never a dull moment when he comes onto screen . I love his B&W 's .
 So hilarious great comedy !! All without the disgust of foul language or inappropriate situations that exist in most movies of today .
 this is a old movie that shows how they did it years ago you can get lost in it and enjoy it verry funny a must see
 i always have enjoy jerry lewis and dean martin there were too funny , i alway like to watch these two good clean comdy i would let my youn childeren watch these old classic
 Works extremely well and have no issues with it . Great buy and will buy from the company again in the near future . Person I bought it for says she could n't of asked for a better gift .
 This one was a nice surprise . I had already seen the movie , and had enjoyed it , but did n't know what to expect from this DVD . Face it , Madacy dose n't rank too high with collectors as far as picture quality goes ! But here they surprise me with a print thats scratched , but extremely clear . And a bonus of newsreel footage from the year in excellent condition , as well as a blooper reel -LRB- not from `` Army '' -RRB- ? Things are looking up here , and at six bucks and change , some value as well ! Fans should seek this one out .
 I have loved Lewis and Martin since I was a child and now I share the fun with my children . My 5 year old loves the hilarious stunts Lewis does and the soda machine scene must be rewound and played over and over . He has tears in his eyes from laughing so hard . I highly recommend for the family .
 Hollywood Classics Collection DVD1950 Black & White with a running time of 92 min.Directed by Hal WalkerStarring Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin and introducing Polly BergenThe transfer from VHS to DVD was done well . The picture quality and sound are very good.In this film Martin and Lewis are starting out their career together . Martin plays a Sergeant that has girl troubles and Lewis plays a bumbling Private First Class . They find out that the Army is n't so accommondating to their wants or desires . Martin 's singing in this film reminds us of how remarkable and charming he was . The antics Lewis performs shows us his talent of mockery and silliness . The best scenes of this film are when Lewis is dressed as a woman singing a love song to a drunk soldier and Lewis ' battle with the soda machine . This film is a good family film but probably would n't keep the attention of the younger generations . However , for our generation , it is a nice look back at the beginning career of Martin and Lewis .
 At War With the Army was the first starring role for the team of Martin and Lewis . They had yet to build that perfect chemistry together and most of their best scenes in the film are separate from each other . But still you could see where the duo would eventually go on to huge things in many future films.Martin plays bully Sgt. Puccinelli who is always picking -LRB- often nastily -RRB- on poor , private Alvin Korwen -LRB- Lewis -RRB- . They were buddies from back home but now Puccinelli just bosses Alvin around . There 's not much plot to speak of . The action mainly takes base at an Army training base , and more specifically in the orderly room . It 's mostly an excuse for Jerry to do some of his trademark slapstick and for Dean to sing which is all ridiculously out of place but still fun to watch . Polly Bergen is along in her first role as Martin 's girlfriend , Helen.The Film was directed by Hal Walker who had worked on severl of the Hope & Crosby road pictures so he had some experience in dealing with a similiar comedy team , although certainly one that was much more polished than Martin and Lewis were in 1950 . Overall it was a light , but entertaining comedy . Much like seeing the pair do their nightclub routine but framed by this army setting .
 This film should have been subtitled `` A cure for cancer ? '' - i only wish I had seen this film when my friend was dying from a tumor and from the AMA treatment of it . This is a really powerful film with great science and information in it . I 'm buying one for my doctor today . * Editing comment in 2011 * Apologies for not being more specific . Five years ago when I posted this comment , I assumed hundreds of others would appear . My wife got this film through Netflix , I 'm a fan of Tibetan medicine , as I 've studied it a bit and met the Dalai Lama 's doctor , Yeshe Donden . He said `` we did n't have much cancer in Tibet until recently , but we 've had some success in treating it . '' In this documentary , the filmmaker takes the time to show the Tibetan healing practices , focusing on a Tibetan Doctor in Mongolia where he cures a Russian man - If memory serves me he was given 3 months to live . Mind you , this is Mongolia - middle of nowhere , the Doctor is working with herbs and ancient tradition - but it 's amazing to watch -LRB- and kudos to the filmmaker for showing the process -RRB- . I ca n't recommend anyone suffering from cancer to travel to Mongolia for treatment -LRB- unless you can , of course -RRB- , but I highly recommend viewing this film to get a sense of `` holistic '' treatment . Not everyone is well versed in it . Certainly medical science has taken leaps and bounds - but this kind of healing , based on centuries of knowledge of plants and how they affect the body , and the toxins that affect it - combined perhaps with a good mental attitude - can produce startling results . I think there are 3 patients covered in all - each with different doctors , each healed through the traditional Tibetan method . That being said it 's very hard to find traditional Tibetan medicine in the US - there 's a Tibetan psychologist at UCLA , via Tibet House in NYC you can find herbal medicines being grown at their retreat in Menla . I 've spent years reading and studying - this film shows direct results . It 's not for everyone - the Tibetan doctor will taste a patient 's urine , for example , to examine it for clarity , pollutants , toxicity etc. . That 's pretty startling in itself - unless you think about the logic of it - if you 're testing clarity of water coming through a plant , it makes sense to examine the end product . But these Doctors can read a person 's health merely by feeling their pulse . Thank god for the internet , as one could never learn about these things before , and thank this filmmaker for taking the time to make a film that really gets into the heart of the medicine used . It 's empowering for a patient to be able to say `` Have you seen this ? '' and `` I 'd like to try something like this '' and not be laughed out of an office . My dear departed friend did as much research as she could , tried as much alternative methods before cancer took her in 96 - and I wish I 'd seen this before - we would have had fun drinking tibetan chai and churning yak butter in Mongolia . Funny , she sent me on a journey AFTER her passing . It 's resulted in my book `` Flipside '' which is here at Amazon . I mention it because you never know where the message for you to follow your path might come from - and we all need to be more open to it . If you have a friend or know someone suffering from this disease , it makes sense to share this film with your loved one.RichMartini
 The information presented in this documentary was not only interesting it has improved my health ! I started reading up on Padma 28 , one of the treatments mentioned , and found a lot of western research done in the US and Europe showing good results in removing arterial plague build up , lowering blood pressure , improving circulation , reducing inflammation , etc. . I bought the Padma Basic here on Amazon and immediately my blood pressure lowered to normal with no side effects . There 's a lot of important information regarding health and healthcare presented in this documentary . Definitely a DVD to keep and share with friends and family members .
 The amazing part of `` The Knowledge of Healing '' is when the scientist says that he saw waves of light from the tibetan herbs . This video should be given as a gift for everyone in the health fild , because it shows , scientifically , that the herbs are the way of healing . Jose Joacir dos Santo , O.M.D.
 This documentary follows the Dalai Lama 's personal physician and the art of Tibetan medicine . This is an eye opening view into how they diagnose and treat every disease or deficiency known to humankind.This film shows how Tibetan medicine works -LRB- in a nutshell -RRB- , from diagnosing through a patients pulse to the medicine made by the good doctor himself . The knowledge that exhibited about the body and its interactions with the herbs , plants and minerals that he turns into medicine is astounding.This is a documentary and are alot of subtitles , and the english that is spoken sometimes is hard to understand , however a glimpse into this world is well worth the purchase . The information alone will make you want to seek out a Tibetan physician . Hopefully one day we will all have availability to such knowledge .
 An unexpected , informative , and charming film . These are gifted and inspiring teachers and healers , from a long and profound tradition . And the film does them justice .
 I watched this movie on two sessions , . It was worth the money spent , and more . The scientific knowledge the Tibetan medicine is introducing here is vast.There are also Western professionals who confirm the miraculous healing properties of the plant extracts described.His Holiness Dalai Lama gives a plenty of correct and precise information , which is easy to remember and understand.This very high class document is the top of my movies . hmm , I 've got four of them : D
 My husband is an ND and an African Traditional Healer so I bought him this video for his birthday . He enjoyed it , for me it was a little long and mundane I thought it was more on spirituality . Yet and still , the birthday man was very happy . Anyone in the healing or medical field will enjoy the DVD . It does talk scientifically about how and why the herbs work . I learned new ideas about Tibetan Healing Techniques that are similar to African Traditional Healing . That was helpful for me because I do all the writing for his company and it gave me a new perspective.In conclusion if your interest is in the field this video is helpful .
 This DVD is a real eye-opener as to what has been lost intransition from Eastern to Western medicine!For your health , try to find a way to watch this DVD .
 This is an awesome film about Tibetan healing and them manufacturing their medicines . Was great to see His Holiness the Dalai Lama being diagnosed . The film is beautifully shot and has so many interesting aspects about it , I can not mention them all . I would recommend this to ANYONE and especially ANYONE interested in the Tibetan culture and alternate healing methods !
 My fault that I did not know that this was in tibitian and had subtitles but the content is good and interesting to see in actual clinics and business in Tibet .
 ITem was shipped new and arrived in excellent condition . DVD provides a beginning knowledge about the almost lost art regarding Tibetan Medicine . As indicated in the DVD , there are very few doctors that still retain this knowledge and practice . Excellent overview but it is all in subtitles and obtaining any of the medicines/herbs seems as though it would be difficult . They take a wholistic approach and specialize the medicines for the person . You would need to go to India to get a diagnosis regarding your condition . Too bad it is not closer .
 `` If people let government decide what foods they eat and what medicines they take , their bodies will soon be in as sorry a state as are the souls of those who live under tyranny . '' - Thomas Jefferson
 This film is filled with informative interviews which is great . This film is also subtitled . Not so great . Definately worth an afternoon . Watch this film with intention because it is filled with teachings , visual cues and subtitles .
 This video contains interviews with Tibetan Doctors and The Dalai Lama . I learned about Padma Basic and am know taking the supplement , as it is called in the USA .
 The knowledge of Healing was a great explanations of Tibetan Herbs , treatments etc. . . that truly work , better then our deadly chemicals ... they have been used to heal anything and everything since 5000 yrs and more ; their correct diagnosis of the different pulses is very effective ... treating illness with heat or cold treatments ... along with prayers ... how can anyone go wrong ...
 I found this very interesting and am sure anyone interested in the natural and herbal medicine will gain some benefit from this . Very informative and gripping documentary . Will be viewing again and again to ensure understanding . Good choice I feel .
 A GOOD VIDEO BUT IT DID NOT HAVE ENOUGH INFORMATION THAT I COULD USE WITH MY CLIENTS.A HELPFUL OVERVIEW OF WHAT IS POSSIBLE
 Excellent documentary on the value and need to preserve the ancient knowledge accumulated over centuries of use and study . Everyone should watch this .
 Must have movie , Must have , inspiring , enlightening , eye opening , good , heart felt enlightening , must have in your own library , movie to keep and give
 Man , some of the reviewers here are idiots . Did they even watch the piece ? Yeah it is a bunch of non-band members talking about the album , but the people are knowledgable , as well as for the one idiot who said what makes these people experts ... Lets see , one of them was Tony Platt ... the ENGINEER ON THE ALBUM , so I think the guy who put down all of the tracks and was in the studio knows a little something about the album . Tons of stories , archive footage , and if anything the information I have later researched is dead on
 They do n't make them like that anymore . This one is really sleazy . In fact , the sex far outweighs the violence . And the many sex scenes are quite graphic , bordering on hardcore . It also is nasty , most notably in the massage parlor scene , where a sadist beats a woman with his belt.A SCREAM IN THE STREETS revolves around the fight of two cops against the criminal scum - robbers , a peeping tom and a crossdressing serial killer , who looks HORRIBLE . And his female victims are not too smart , since he approaches them as a very unconvincing `` woman '' , and they -LRB- including a plain cloth female detective ! -RRB- do n't even notice!Like many cop movies of its time , A SCREAM ... has an openly self-justice stance . Watch out for the final scene , which also makes good use of the split-screen technique , which was very popular in the early 70ies . As you have probably guessed by now , this is politically NOT correct and because of this much fun!Picture quality is very impressive . SWV has done a great job with the transfer . As usual SWV 's DVD offers a lot of extra features . There is of course the film 's trailer , which includes footage not shown in the film . All in all there is a dozen of trailers , either US exploitation fare or old French crime flicks . My personal favorite among the trailers is THE GODSON starring overbusty Uschi DIGARD -LRB- this film will be released on DVD soon -RRB- . A `` play all '' option for the trailers would have been helpful.Also included are five shorts , of which I liked THE PROWLER best . Since I am a true crime buff this early 60ies black and white instruction film for police officers was very compelling viewing for me . Also interesting is CRIME IN THE STREET , an instructional documentary about crime prevention featuring a very young Chuck NORRIS -LRB- then karate trainer -RRB- . The film is entertaining but somehow pointless , because all of the advice given is so wellknown and common sense.I did not like the other three shorts very much . HARRY NOVAK , CRIME BUSTER is a kind of documentary , where a film crew visits movie producer Harry NOVAK . After fooling around NOVAK -LRB- jokingly -RRB- suggests that they visit a business partner , who paid with a foul cheque . NOVAK brandishes a samurai sword and a rifle to enhance his arguments . Strange business customs ... Another short is an extremely silly sex movie , boring beyond belief and due to horrible print quality almost unwatchable . The last short feature is a black and white burlesque striptease . Boring , and by the way
 If you enjoy bad scripts , bad actors poor film quality that was the early 70 's , this is right up your alley .
 This DVD is another collection of classic Thomas episodes , from when the series was shot with live-action models , not computer animation.Stories :1 . A Big Day For Thomas - Thomas finally gets his chance to manage coaches all on his own - only to pull away accidentally leaving his entire train behind .2 . Percy Runs Away - New friend Percy is making himself right at home on the Island , but runs away terrified when Gordon nearly crashes into him with the Express .3 . Thomas Breaks The Rules - A policeman is convinced Thomas is a public safety hazard for not having cowcatchers and side plates .4 . Henry 's Special Coal - An ailment causes Henry to need special coal .5 . The Flying Kipper - Henry is doing well with his new special coal , but a switch failure causes him to have a terrible accident .6 . Trouble For Thomas - Thomas is eager to handle freight cars for the first time - and quickly learns what trouble they are when he loses control of his train .7 . Toby The Tram Engine - Toby is a tram engine who is sad that his line is closing down , and he will soon be out of work . But then he meets Sir Topham Hatt , who gives him a new chance at life working on his Railway.Special Features :1 . Character Gallery2 . 2 Sing-Along Songs
 This does not come with a Thomas and gold Thomas as pictured , but rather with a black wooden Donald engine and matching coal tender car with the number `` 9 '' on the side . If you look closely you will see on the DVD box pictured that it says `` Donald '' above the pocket that holds the trains so I was expecting this and was not disappointed , however , if you want the trains in the picture you wo n't get them . That said , the video is a Thomas video and our 2 year old loves it , it contains 7 episodes and a running time of 39 minutes , plus 60 minutes of `` bonus features '' such as 2 sing-along songs , a `` DVD game '' called Sodor Spelling Game and a `` chracter gallery '' . I have n't checked these out . Overall a great deal as long as you are expecting a Donald set !
 My three year old grandson is fascinated with choo-choos and he would watch this and the other Thomas titles all day long if allowed . I actually wore out an inexpensive DVD player on this title -LRB- it was continuously running in the background just a single click away -RRB- . The lessons imbedded in the stories are positive -LRB- we all would like to classified as `` really useful engines '' -RRB- and the characters are quirky and memorable . My only issues with this and the others in this collection are that the added features -LRB- such as the games -RRB- are pretty lame and the individual chapters are sometimes out of order in relation to the story arc . But I would highly recommend this for those with train-loving small children .
 I chose the theme Thomas the train for my son 's bedroom and thought I should buy the movies too . He did n't like them very much but they are great products for those who do !
 Bought this item for my son and he loves it !!! I ordered it for Christmas and was a little worried it would n't make it to my house in time , but to my surprise it arrived very quickly !!
 My grandson played and replayed the video many times . He also loved the trains .
 This dvd is by an amatuer . Let 's make that clear right up front . That being said , it delivers exactly what it says - waterfalls , lots of them , from Wisconsin.I enjoy this dvd just fine . If you are a video snob , do n't bother ; this video lacks the slick and polished production videophiles ca n't handle being without . It appears to have been done just by some guy who hiked out into the woods with an ordinary camcorder . But I was just looking for something to use as a pleasant background while reading or such . It works just fine for that , and there are lots of truly beautiful shots.There are only two things that I find a bit distracting . One is that the shots change every 15 seconds . The other is that the shots that attempt a panning motion tend to jerk a bit . Neither is a big deal if you 're just glancing at it now and then.My 6 year old just loves it to settle down at night . She 's very bouncy and can be difficult to put to bed . We watched it together when it arrived , oohing and aaahing over the pretty water . The next night she surprised me by asking for it ! The beauty of the waterfalls and the rushing sound of the water provides just what she needs to relax and get sleepy . The frequency of the shot changes is actually an advantage here , because the scene changes often enough to keep her attention until the rushing sound of the water has a chance to work its magic.Definitely worth having as long as you understand it did n't come out of a Hollywood movie studio . Even with the amateur quality , this dvd has become a real family favorite ; we watch it several times a week !
 While many families do n't get along for one reason or another ... Sometimes it takes a miracle to make people look at their own lives a bit closer ... in this film . . mainly a comedy with some twist ... you might relate to dealing with a whole family coming together for a mothers funeral.You may check out the trailer here as long as Youtube has it available -LSB- ... -RSB-
 THe biggest problem with this DVD is the order of the episodes as someone has complained about in many other video reviews . Several episodes specifically refer to an episode where a bootstrap is used on James 's brake line . The episode in which this actually occurs is one of the last on the DVD . It would have taken like 10 more minutes to have the videos play in chronological order . Other than that it is a good DVD with 8 Thomas and Friends stories in which James is prominent . I have a personal complaint too . I purchased this in a store not online . Even though the box said it includes a bonus WOODEN train . My box actually had a TAKE ALONG Bertie in it . My son did n't have a Bertie so I was eager to get it but I did n't realize it was a metal take along kind not a wooden series . My son has no other take along items because we think the wooden series is far better .
 ` Kohinoor ' is a 1960 black and white Hindi movie sutitles in Urdu and English . Very popular when it was released , three of the most famous artists of the time - Dilip Kumar , Meena Kumari and Jeevan have teamed up to do a remarkable job of acting . It is a long show -LRB- two and a half hours -RRB- , with a story line of the prince and princess in love reuniting after facing tremendous obstacles . The best aspect of the movie is the music . Every song is worth listening to again and again . The dance performances by ` Narthaki Rajalakshmi ' are remarkable in that she has an unbelievably flexible body and classical dance background . Both Meena Kumari and Dilip Kumar capture the audience with their talent , looks , and powerful presence . An excellent movie to watch , for the old time 's sake .
 How can adults cover every lesson each child needs through life ? Start with this series , `` Book of Virtues . '' My niece and nephew are 4 & 7 and love them . They are truly terrific videos with loving , calming messages . Their parents prefer this to `` Sponge-Bob '' , etc. & the kids always request their ` learning stories . '
 I saw an episode from this book on PBS and went to Amazon to shop for the book . I am very happy with the book and with the customer service . Thank you .
 This is my absolute favorite cooking series on PBS . Julia Child in her own home kitchen , with some of the greatest chefs working today . Her warmth and quirky humor shines throughout , and she has a lovely rapport with many of the guests . She is genuinely enthusiastic about the baked goods , and her baker-guests are obviously thrilled to be cooking side-by-side with Julia . Truly entertaining , even if you never make any of the recipes yourself ! I only wish that they would make a box-set of the entire series !!
 Why is it so hard for them to put out Julia Child DVD sets ? Just when i was about to give up , they put 8 episodes from Baking With Julia . The set is wonderful and well worth the money . The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 , is the annoying menus you cant exit out of , and the fact only 8 episodes were released . Though I am happy to see a volume 2 is released as of March 1st !
 As our family bought `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking '' way back in 1960 , I became a fan of Julia Child . This book `` Baking With Julia '' is the perfect introduction to fine baking for someone who wants to expand and advance over mixes and standard cookbooks . I would recommend the video of the TV series that this was written from . The video shows the ease with which fine baking can be done . This is a terrific book.I will also be renting the `` Jules and Julia '' film which depicts a real woman that made all the recipies in `` Mastering ... ''
 If you 've ever been even the slightest bit interested in Julia Child , you would understand the fascination of generations of fans who by all means , feel that she was the start of what would eventually become the myriad of the cooking and baking genre . But where some cooking shows are all hype , flash , and gimmicks , Julia was the purest form of the truly pristine art of good cuisine.Granted , she was n't the first , nor perhaps the greatest French chef -LRB- think Escoffier -RRB- , but she was the first to bring the haughtiness of that marvelous cuisine , to a level that all could enjoy , comprehend , and cook . She came at the right time when the television age was still a toddler , and her decidedly quirky and straightforward manners entertained and relaxed us all as she generously shared her mistakes and triumphs with this grand food.Throughout her true vocation as chef , she had many a program or series . `` Baking with Julia '' was one of her best in that she gladly shared the stage with some of the world 's finest chefs and did so with the image one would conjure of a no-nonsense school marm who was watching over her pupil , not so much as to scare them , but to enjoy the experience with them . `` Baking with Julia '' was a 39 part series filmed in 1996 and aired in 1997 and Julia was about 85 years old at the time . While she was , and will always be , dear Julia , one ca n't but help feel protective with her , as she had visibly aged since her last series from 2 years earlier , and so each episode was that more precious to watch . The respect that she quietly commmanded from her guest chefs was obvious and one would be hardpressed to feel otherwise if one was in her presence . Each episode was the best of the best.The DVD comes in the usual container without any accompanying material , which I felt was a bit of a let down for those who are new to Julia or who just wanted this particular DVD . I think that a recipe booklet might have made the package complete but you could go to the Alacarte TV website to download the recipes or just look in the companion cook book for this series.The back of the DVD shows the 8 photos of baked goods that are taken from the 8 episodes contained within , along with the name of the guest baker in each episode . I wonder if just being in her kitchen was a big a treat for the bakers as it would be for the fans of Julia . -LRB- If you ever have the ability to go to the Smithsonian Museum in Washington , DC , you must go to the Julia Child Kitchen and see what it would have been like to be in her kitchen ; it has been lovingly recreated with as much original items as possible from Julia 's own kitchen and it is fabulous ! -RRB- . The episodes , recipes , and bakers are : Muffins , Scones , Soda Bread , and Popovers by Marion Cunningham -LRB- cooking teacher and author -RRB- Chocolate Raspberry Ruffle Cake by Alice Medrich -LRB- master teacher and chocolatier ; what an absolutely exquisite cake ; worth the price of the DVD alone ! -RRB- Custard Brioche Tart by Nancy Silverton -LRB- owner of LaBrea Bakery in California -RRB- Decorative Loaves of Bread by Steve Sullivan -LRB- master bread baker of Acme Bakery in Berkeley -RRB- Focaccia by Craig Kominiak -LRB- executive chef of Ecce Panis Bakery in NYC -RRB- Nectarine Upside Down Chiffon Cake & Chocolate Bundt Cake with Creme Brulee by Mary Bergin -LRB- head pastry chef @ Spago 's in Vegas -RRB- Fruit Tarts by Leslie Mackie -LRB- pastry chef and owner of MACRINA in Seattle -RRB- Crispy Chocolate Napolean , Fettucine Ice Cream Sandwiches by Gale Gand -LRB- pastry chef at several Chicago area restaurants both as partner and/or owner like Brasserie T and Tru -RRB- I have noted that some of the chefs/bakers would tend to go through the recipes somewhat quickly because they are used to the fast-paced world of baking , and so at that moment , Julia would ever so gently ask them about the type of ingredient used or the amount needed for that particular step so as to help the viewer understand everything used to bring about the perfection of that creation.The recipes are easy enough , though some labor or time intensive , and delicious . You feel the coziness of learning in Julia 's home as compared to a large sterile working kitchens as in some teaching DVD 's or shows . And the fact that it is Julia 's kitchen , where she lived and worked and loved everything and everyone in her life , makes this series more invaluable and precious.I am hoping that they offer all the episodes to this great series , especially the one where she made a gorgeous wedding cake with Martha Stewart . But we will have to wait and see and hope that the `` powers that be '' understand the impact and import of anything Julia.And yes , if you have n't yet seen the 2009 movie `` Julie and Julia '' , by all means , please do . It was a wonderful little journey into her life and you will be thoroughly entertained . And if you really ca n't get enough , consider reading the book , '' Appetite for Life '' by Noel Riley Fitch , a glorious , thick book of the unconventional life of our unconventional Julia . Bon appetit !
 The DVD 's are a great addition and compliment to the book . This would be wonderful for any cook from novice to expert .
 This `` Baking with Julia '' Dvd is delightful as are all of Julia 's programs . Seeing her interact with expert Bakers is very entertaining and informative . My only complaint is that it is not the entire Series and therefore is not nearly a true companion to the Cookbook `` Baking with Julia '' from the same series . There are only 8 of the 24 episodes included . Each one is masterfully filmed , crisp and clear and the food photos are luscious and mouthwatering as the finished products are presented . The `` Baking with Julia 2 '' Dvd has been released and still only contains 8 more programs . I hope that they will hurry and complete the set - but regret that they did n't just make the entire series available to begin with . It is for that reason only that I give it a 4 rather than 5 star rating .
 Julia Child was just the best ! The entire food world , as we now know it , owe it all to her . Watching this as well as any other of her shows , particularly her first shows , are exciting , enlightening , educational ! She is missed & will always be the best !!!
 Had been looking for this for a b-day gift . So I was thrilled to find it for such a good price . Wo n't be giving till May so I hopeit works , it is in great shape outside package . Thanks
 This is one of three videos that comprise the show - about 8 episodes each to total approx . 24 episodes . I do n't know how many were in the original show , so I ca n't say what percentage of it is on tape here . Reading the back covers , I do n't see Martha Stewart 's wedding cake presentation , although it was in the original show and that was great just by itself . It is really interesting to watch , and her guest chefs go slow enough to be able to reproduce what they are doing . It 's good to have the companion book nearby by Dorie Greenspan , as well , so it 's written down for you and you can focus on technique . More recipes in the book than on this DVD .
 This is different , made when she was much older . The guests do the cooking for the most part and Julia lends her charm to the process . If you love Julia , you will still enjoy seeing her here and the baked goods are to die for . Enjoy .
 It 's not enough just to have the recipes . The techniques that the bakers use is very important when baking , and it 's a plus just to watch Julia enjoy eating the finished product .
 For beginners like us , this is a wonderful video . It is visually appealing . The instruction is paced just right and clear in all respects .
 After receiving both of the Librero 's tapes -LRB- The Big Band Swing and The Latin and Argentine Tango -RRB- as a gift , my husband and I can not believe how easy it has been to learn to dance from them . Neither of us were dancers and Blanche and Emilio have made it fun and very simple for us to learn . Now we can dance all of the dances that we always wanted to , plus have a good time practicing with our friends . We also enjoy the music CDs that were part of the package , as well as the cue cards .
 The Librero `` Big Band , Swing and Nightclub Dancing '' is indeed a complete course and is very easy to learn to dance from . The music CD is perfect and allows you to dance continuously . It has two selections for each of the dances covered by the VHS video . Plus , there is also a pack of cards showing the complete footwork for each dance.I and my friends are having a great time learning to dance using the Librero course . I 'll buy their other courses , too .
 We received Librero 's tape and were surprised how easy and complete the instruction were . It is a pleasure to see a more mature couple teaching in a manner that is both comprehensive and easy to understand . The tape supplies the right amount of information so that the novice can easily learn the basics moves . This tape will allow you to feel confident and look good on the dance floor . We highly recommend this to -LRB- the mature -RRB- beginner , or to anyone that needs a brush-up on the standard techniques .
 This video is great for learning the basics . The instructions are clear and paced so that you can really follow along . The music selections are not what I would choose but the lesson is whats important and they do a great job . Glad we bought it .
 I am an intermediate dancer in some dances , and a beginner in others . I found the Librero 's Dance Series -LRB- both the Big Band and Latin -RRB- very helpful in providing and overall understanding of the similarities and differences of all the popular dances . Their Argentine Tango section would be specially good for beginners . Most videos I have seen on this dance can be frustrating and overwhelming . The music CD is not very inspiring but the tempos are very good for practice and it is convenient . I definitely recommend the Librero 's Series , particularly for the Beginner dancer .
 A visually appealing , excellently put together programme for anyone interested in Latin Dance . The instruction is clear and the instructors obviously know the art form .
 Just received this video as a 25 Anniversary gift , and we love it . I now know what I am going to do for some of my Christmas gifts .
 A next story of corruption in pre-reunited Hong Kong where inmates complaining had been punished by mistresses at the police facilities under an official photo of ERII , and men knowing something of this service had been murdered too.Intelligent sex scene and some nice nightly city views .
 Spider-Man - The High Definition Trilogy -LRB- Spider-Man / Spider-Man 2 / Spider-Man 3 -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- WE ARE TALKING SPIDERMAN HERE AND ON BLU-RAY IT IS SIMPLY AMAZING AND ENTERTAINING . NOT TRUE MOVIE FAN AND COLLECTOR SHOULD BE MISSING THIS SET IN THEIR COLLECTION . A MUST HAVE TO OWN .
 Just as you might have seen in the theatre , BD provides better sound and vision for all the viewers , especially HD resolution does come in handy compared to the old cable TV channels . Somehow I did n't give it a 5-star it 's because the box looks kind of damaged outside . The fact that I want to keep it a collection , which a rough look on the ouside does n't adore me too much . Well ... I guess that 's the only flaw I could come up with . Besides that , videos quality and sound look just fine to me .
 If you liked the movies , buy them on blu ray . Worth the fifty bucks , they do n't disapoint ! See Kirsten Dunst in all her wet glory !! And the action looks great too ...
 I 've seen numerous movies on Blu-ray and this has to be one of the best authored ones out there ! A must have to show off that HD TV ! : - -RRB-
 I would have liked to have seen Special Features on Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2 & 2.1 respectively . Especially if this is really the only way to own the first two movies in the trilogy in HD . All that aside the movies transfer beautifully from Standard Def to High Def . and if you want the trilogy on Blu-Ray knowing of the lack of special features for all but Spider-Man 3 , pick this up .
 This is the best thing in the world for my Spideman Crazy 4 y/o ! It is def worth the cost once you add up how much you pay individually ! Great Deal !
 I was nervous about ordering the Spiderman Trilogy on line ; afraid I would get only one or two of the three and the rest would be special effects or behind the scenes . However , I was pleasantly surprised that all three movies were there . The service was prompt and the product in excellent condition .
 Great for safe keeping and seeing over & over , it 's something you wo n't get tired of if your a Spidey fan .
 First of all , I am not reviewing each movie by itself , if that was the case I would not be awarding it a 5 star rating . The reason why it gets 5 stars is for the following reasons :1 . Price is a steal for 3 dvds -LRB- even if you own 1 of the movies this is still a better bargain than buying separately -RRB- 2 . The 1st and 2nd movies are worth buying this set -LRB- both of which can cost you around $ 30 -RRB- 3 . Each dvd has a bonus dvd4 . It comes with a box to hold all 3 dvdsNote
 YOU CA N'T BEAT THE PRICE OF THIS TRILOGY ! YOU CA N'T BUY TWO SEPERATE MOVIES FOR THAT PRICE . WE LOVE IT ! IT COMES IN ONE BOX BUT EACH INDIVIDUAL MOVIE HAS IT 'S OWN CASE.IT 'S REALLY A GREAT BUY !
 Loved being able to get the series all in one package . My son was amazed to get all of them .
 I wo n't bother to review the movies here -- there 's plenty of reviews for that . Instead , I 'm just going to give a quick overview of what to expect from the Blu-Ray trilogy.First , SPIDER-MAN 3 is the same release as the double-disc Blu-Ray stand-alone version . It has lots of special features , commentaries , an extras disc , etc. . The movie itself looks very , very good -LRB- video quality -RRB- . It 's SPIDER-MAN 1 & 2 where the set takes a hit . Again , video quality is excellent . SPIDER-MAN 2 includes the `` 2.1 '' cut -LRB- via seamless branching , meaning you can watch the theatrical or the new version off the same disc -RRB- with extra scenes , including at least one that is VERY funny.However , what you lose are ALL the extras from the SM 1 & 2 DVD releases . No commentaries , no deleted scenes -LRB- other than `` 2.1 '' -RRB- , no `` makings-of '' , etc. . To me , this was more than disappointing . It 's almost criminal . I expected many of the old items to appear in standard-def . Only one bonus blu-ray disc would have been required to hold every single non-commentary special feature , as BD 's have 50GB of space compared to 9GB for a standard DVD . Why skimp here , Sony?Ultimately , this is the best way to view the movies . They look AMAZING . The extras in this set , however , are underwhelming , to say the least . You 're getting everything you need for SM3 , but the first two films are severely shortchanged .
 Sam Raimi does another trilogy -LRB- the first consisting of THE EVIL DEAD , EVIL DEAD 2 & ARMY OF DARKNESS -RRB- ! It all starts when a high-school student gets bitten by a spider that was part of a lab project ! He then learns a life lesson in responsibility and starts fighting crime ! This box set has two versions of the second film ! Spider-Man 2.1 is an extended edition that is much better than the theatrical cut ! Tobey Maguire , Kirsten Dunst , James Franco and Elizabeth Banks star ! Bruce Campbell and Stan Lee make cameos.Sam Raimi , Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst signed a contract for Spider-Man 4 , but the studio violated the contract in favor of a remake ! Seems somebody important did n't like the organic webbing!Disc One
 Awesome Superb Quality . the format looks great on my 150 inch projector screen . We all loved this set . the blu ray disc was shipped on time and its new . I can not watch dvd quality movies anymore after watching this in blu ray
 Great bundle for a good price . Movie looks amazing on Blu-Ray !!! A must have for Spider-Man or just superhero fans !!!
 the spiderman almost jump out off the screen , get the box set not one by one . .
 Bought this for a gift for my grandson . Was pleased with the short length of time it took to receive the movies . It was in excellent shape with all three movies in a single Spider Man Trilogy storage sleeve . Very pleased with this purchase .
 This was a great purchase because it not only had the 3 Spiderman movies but 2 extra `` Making of ... '' disks packed with lots of facts and interesting information . A necessity for Spiderman fans .
 bought this as a late christmas gift for my son , he has a dvd collection that he thought this had to be a part of
 I had one dvd of the first spiderman it was time to buy the rest blue ray is the way to go .
 When Spiderman came out I wondered how good the story line would be and the movie did n't disappoint . It explains from the beginning how he becomes Spiderman and learns to use his special powers . Very real . Great Graphics . good story . flying in NY City ! the 2nd movie is a great continuation . Dr. Octopus great costume . and the 3rd installment where his dark side comes out THE BLACK SPIDERMAN . great movie .
 This is the series you want to have if you want the best Spiderman . I replaced all the DVD 's and that improved not only the picture but the sound .
 They were excellent . I am very happy to have them . Because I am a huge spider-man fan . I liked the way the covers were & the quality of the movies were excellent .
 I like the video quality . the story and the performances are great ! The special effects are amazing . I am happy to this as part of my collection .
 Perfect addition to our Marvel Blu-Ray collection ! I was having a hard time finding some of these blu-rays on their own in just the regular blu-ray cases . We like to have everything in the collection looking the same so any special packaging wasnt an option . This was perfect .
 I got this for my Honey for Christmas . I received it on time and he absolutely loves it ! Great Job !
 You 'll get what you expect . The picture quality is great and everything is on point.The only reason it 's not great is because the first two films do n't contain any extra features ofthe movie , with the exception of Spider-Man 3 . Anyhow , you 'll get what you paid for .
 Easily one of my favorite trilogy , do n't know why i did n't have it eariler . awesome gift for any spider man fan
 The most satisfying action blu-ray release so far this year . Awesome 5-star MPEG-4 AVC video with stunning sound . Uncompressed PCM 5.1 for SP3 with loads of extras . Beautiful packaging . A must own !
 This 3 package DVD arrived in perfect condition and rather quickly . Had no problems with this seller , very pleased . Always would recommend you to buy from this seller .
 When I am in need of a product I spend a lot of time doing research . Not only are the costs of the product and shipping/handling charges important but also the speed , accuracy and dependability of the company/person involved . I highly recommend this source to be checked out when searching for specific products .
 Hi , Fat Boy . I am the world-famous film critic , Movie Review Kid , who is gon na tell YOU how to lose weight . First , you need to exercise daily and stop eating fatty foods . Now that I 'm done with that , let 's get on with the review.This week 's movie is Spider-Man-The Motion Picture DVD Trilogy . This little beauty contains the three Spidey movies -LRB- Spider-Man -LSB- 2002 -RSB- , Spider-Man 2 -LSB- 2004 -RSB- and Spider-Man 3 -LSB- 2007 -RSB- -RRB- which are conveniently packaged in this low-priced box set . The movies star Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker a.k.a. your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man . Kirsten Dunst is the Girl Next Door , Mary Jane Watson , Spidey 's love interest . And James Franco as Harry Osborn , Peter 's best friend , until he finds out that Peter is Spider-Man who killed his father -LRB- explained in more detail below . -RRB- Spider-Man is a famous Marvel Comics superhero . With every superhero comes supervillians . A rogues gallery of Spidey 's fiercest enemies appear in the trilogy . In Spider-Man , it 's the Green Goblin -LRB- played by William Dafoe -RRB- , who is the father of Harry Osborn , turned evil . In Spider-Man 2 , it is Doctor Octopus , abbreviated Doc Ock -LRB- played by Alfred Molina -RRB- , a former scientist who is controlled by his evil robot tentacles . In Spider-Man 3 , it is New Goblin -LRB- James Franco -RRB- a.k.a. Harry Osborn who tries to get revenge on Peter after finding out that he killed his father . Another Spidey 3 villian is Sandman -LRB- Thomas Haden Church -RRB- , a burgular who gains sand powers after falling into a particle acclerator -LRB- I have no idea what that is -RRB- . The final Spidey 3 villian is Venom -LRB- Topher Grace -RRB- a photographer who is stricken with an alien symbiote and given the same powers as Spider-Man , but uses them for evil use.Now that we 've patched that up , I -- Are you eating chips ? If you wan na lose weight , you have got to stop eating this junk . Hey , I see those pork rinds under the pillow . Give them to me ! Yeesh , no wonder you 're so fat . I bet your mama 's that fat , too . -- should start telling you about the movies themselves.Spider-Man
 This set was great - as soon as I got it I called people over and watched Spiderman 3 . It 's a little hokey , yes , but it looked so good that no one even cared . The picture is spectacular , the sound is great , and the price was n't bad at all -LRB- around $ 60 -RRB- . I 'd definately recommend this to anyone interested in getting the movies . I 'll never buy another regular DVD again ! Upconverting is for chumps - get BluRay and never look back !
 Tengo este juego de peliculas en DVD , pero me anim&eacute; por esta Trilog&iacute;a en Blu Ray y es otra cosa , la nitidez visual y calidad de sonido son espectaculares , el servicio de Amazon muy bueno , r&aacute;pido y confiable .
 Anyone looking to purchase this trilogy is already a fan of the SPIDERMAN movies and wants to know how they stand up in the magic of blu ray . We all know that the original SPIDERMAN was an amzing film - a rare treat of exemplary action with superb acting for a change . Tobey Maguire and cast finally brought to the comic action movie acting ability that made the film believable . With Tobey Maguire was born Peter Parker/Spdiderman . We also know that with SPIDERMAN 2 the same cast and crew came together with a film that far surpassed the hugely succesful and critically acclaimed original to be the best in the trilogy . All that was good in the first was raised many notches . SPIDERMAN 3 was still a good film but certainly not a match for 1 and 2 . Very enjoyable but a little lackluster in comparison.Now for the blu ray test . All I can say is AMAZING . The source they are working from on the original is not as superb as the other two which makes the picture quality slightly grainy in its 1080p hd presentation . But this in no means is a bad thing . It is still a very vivid picture with blacks and colors strongly presented . You quickly get used to the slight grain and the film becomes the best presentation you will ever see of it . With SPIDERMAN 2 the caliber raises . All grain is gone and the picture remains crystal clear and vibrant throughout . All fight/action scenes are awesome and the entire film will leave you breathless . SPIDERMAN 3 has a picture of the great quality the same as the second film and it helps immensely to raise the quality of the film itself much higher for you will be in awe watching the richness and awe striking special effects.With all three films the English Dolby TrueHD 5.1 audio is of the highest quality . Dialogue is strong and crisp with all speakers in strong , heavy use for action sequences and it seems even the smallest scenes manage to work the rear speakers which is rare . These three films are at their best here and perfectly made for the high standards of blu ray . You can not imagine how great these films appear in blu ray till you actually see them for yourself . You will never be able to view them another way again.I do agree that the only flaw with this set is the absence of substantial special features . They do provide the 2nd disc with SPIDERMAN 3 that is all features but do not have it for SPIDERMAN 1 or 2 . Having all this would have made the set perfect . So it is not perfect but it still can not make me lower my 5 star rating for the blu ray presentation of these films is exemplary.If you are developing a blu ray library and love these films this SPIDERMAN HIGH DEF BLU RAY TRILOGY is a definite must . Highly recommended .
 This review is for the Spider-Man
 Following the cult classic status of Blade and the surprising box office success of X-Men , Marvel decided to lend out the rights of another one of their most cherished characters . Based on the success of the cartoons , this was sure to pull in a very specific demographic , but I doubt they expected it to be as popular as it became . It surpassed the success of X-Men , and ushered in a decade that would have many more comic book , cartoon , and toy movies set records . For too many years , these types of properties did not get the respect they deserved as real dramatic and action movies , and not just dumb superhero fun . Spider-Man finally got that due respect . The weekend it came out , my focus was on Star Wars Episode II , but after I saw Spider-Man I was blown away . Like many others of my generation , my fandome really started with the first Spidey film , and then blossomed into collecting stacks upon stacks of comics . The visual effects were not the standard for the time , especially with the aforementioned Star Wars film coming out , but they were still pretty damn good . The music was fantastic , thanks to Danny Elfman -LRB- the man behind The Simpsons music , and so many other great film scores -RRB- . Director Sam Raimi created a truly stylistic and visual masterpiece . Honestly , I 'm not a fan of the Evil Dead series . I doubted a director best known for horror movies would do the material justice , but he did not disappoint.Neither did the cast . All of the actors were fairly new to me . I had no idea who most of them were , except Kirsten Dunst I knew from Small Soldiers -LRB- I was a child -RRB- . But I always applaud and appreciate big blockbusters that turn lesser names into household names . Tobey maguire and Dunst had a chemistry that really dold the complex relationship of the two iconic characters they were portraying . To this day , my favorite character , besides Spider-Man , is definitely JK Simmons as J. Jonah Jameson . If ever there were an actor born to play a specific supporting role , it was him . Willem Dafoe was great as Norman Osborn . As the serum changed him from a desperate businessman to a conflicted monster , the not so subtle nuances of Dafoe 's performance really began to shine through . If only Green Goblin 's costume had less of a silly looking design , then his character would be one of the premier villains in Marvel film history . As it stands , Goblin 's costume only hurts the film by making it seem more campy than it really is . It serves as a constant reminder that you 're watching a cartoon with real people acting it out . Nevertheless , Spider-Man should definitely be creditted as the film that sparked the hype and interest that comic book adaptations get today . If it were not for Spider-Man -LRB- as well as Blade and X-Men -RRB- , I doubt that movies like Watchmen , Iron Man , The Incredible Hulk , Fantastic 4 , Ghost Rider , Punisher , Dare Devil , or any of the other countless comic book and superhero flicks would have been taken seriously enough to be converted from script into film.And the Blu-ray presentation of this old favorite of mine was night and day upon my discovery of the disc . I had seen the DVDs countless times , but it was n't until my eyes were laid upon the BD that I appreciated every inch of every frame as they were shot . Detail is remarkable . Color is rich . It truly is like watching the movie for the very first time.Spider-Man 2 is what fans dream about when the sequal to a movie as fantastic as Spider-Man is announced . Topping a film as great as that one is a definite challenge , but it seems to happen more and more each passing year . Sequals like this one , X2
 Three consistently good films ! Thought IRONAMAN would rival it BUT the 2nd film was n't as great as the first . The 2nd SPIDER-MAN surpassed the first and is called the greatest comic film ever ! Too bad MARVEL lost this cast ... it was a good one ! Love having my friend Alex Ross ' painting over the opening titles of the 2nd film !
 First , a review of the movies . The first Spider-Man movie , while occasionally deviating from the original storyline , was a great movie . It was mostly true to Stan Lee and Steve Ditko 's original tale of the web-slinger . It pulled on the Norman Osborn/Green Goblin storylines and was really enjoyable.The second movie was more goodness and was also really well done . This time we are introduced to Doctor Octopus and we see the beginnings of Harry Osborn going crazy -LRB- to later become the second Green Goblin -RRB- . The third movie was pretty bad , and I am a huge Spider-Man fan . While I really wanted to see Venom as the villain for the third movie , his whole story arc did n't mesh well with the Sandman/Green Goblin arc . And it also did n't help that Topher Grace played the part of Eddie Brock . All I could see is the kid from That 70 's Show -LRB- not to say anything bad about Topher or the show , I liked them both -RRB- . But since when was Eddie Brock a puny kid with a grudge ? And what 's with the symbiote lifting to show his face all the time ? This movie had so much potential , but failed to be up to the quality of its predecessors.As for the blu-ray trilogy , it looks amazing ! The quality and clarity of the picture is truly great . The only negative I have against the trilogy is the lack of special features for the first movie . With the amount of space on a blu-ray disc , I 'm surprised to see so little .
 Is Spider-Man 3 as good as Spider-Man 2 ? No . Not really.But that does n't mean this box set is n't a great deal . 2-Disc Special Editions for the first two films , and the 1-Disc Widescreen for the 3rd -LRB- slightly disappointing , but let 's face it
 The Tobey Maguire versions of Spider-man are well done . Spider-man 1 , 2 and 3 are all absolutely superb . The story line , cinematography , CGI effects , and acting are all stunning and well done . This is A-List level movie production at its finest . Money well spent . These versions of Spider-man are much better than the &#8220; Amazing Spider-man 2012 &#8221; , this latest version is a mess and is absolutely horrible &#8230; that &#8217; s why I bought the Tobey Maguire-versions , so I could see a real Spider-man movie done right !
 I have seen the first two movies in the theatre but have not seen the 3rd one yet . I will have to wait until Christmas for that as I bought the set of movies for a Christmas present for a family member .
 The ` Spider-Man High Definition Trilogy ' will include Spider-Man , Spider-Man 2 and Spider-Man 3 . Spider-Man 1 and 2 will be single disc releases , with the Spider-Man 2 featuring both versions -LRB- original Spider-Man 2 and Spider-Man 2.1 version -RRB- of the film via seamless branching . Spider-Man 3 will be released on a 2 disc blu-ray Special Edition with a ton of bonus stuff listed below.Spider-Man 3 Two-Disc Special Edition DVD , Two-Disc Blu-ray High-DefDisc One Special Features : * Digitally Mastered Audio and Video * Audio
 Version
 `` Spider-Man '' was arguably the first modern super-hero comic book . It demonstrated how a fundamentally idiotic idea -LRB- attaining super powers from the bite of a radioactive spider has been mercilessly parodied -RRB- could work , if the story resonated with the readers . Lee and Ditko had the sense to make the hero a geeky teenager who has super powers thrust on him , without the experience or wisdom to know what to do . The parallel with the transition from puberty to maturity is obvious , but it works . `` Spider-Man '' was probably the biggest single influence in moving comic books away from melodrama and toward drama.Sam Raimi , a director notorious for over-the-top silliness , would seem the least-likely choice for such material , but he handles it perfectly . The focus is firmly on Peter 's relationships with his family and Mary-Jane , even in the third film -LRB- which has too many villains , and too many plot lines to tie up -RRB- . It 's underplayed , with Maguire 's performance convincingly shy without being sappy . He might be a geek , but he 's no dork . Rosemary Harris is especially fine as everyone 's idea of the perfect nuturing aunt . Her performance is much better than it has to be.The only unbelievable character is J Jonah Jameson , but then , he was over-the-top in the comics , too ; no Perry White , he . J K Simmons -LRB- perhaps best-known as the bisexual Nazi murderer-rapist in HBO 's `` Oz '' -RRB- shows he 's just as good at comedy , nailing the character . -LRB- No jokes , please . -RRB- If the Spider-Man films have a problem , it 's that there 's a limited number of feats a super hero can perform , and only so many emotional conflicts a human being can experience . Not surprisingly , their situations and story arcs are uncomfortably like those in the first three Superman films
 Spider-Man - The Motion Picture DVD Trilogy -LRB- Spider-Man / Spider-Man 2 / Spider-Man 3 -RRB- Was everthing I hope the movies would be .
 Realy a nice colection , i might have waited to get it less but , i bought this as an alternative to bluray disc as i had an HD DVD player and i believe the movie is good and enjoyable with kids and family
 I bought this DVD set as my first foray into the world of Blu-Ray and I must say I am not disappointed . The picture quality -LRB- especially on Spider-Man 2 & 3 -RRB- pops off the screen even in 720p . If you 're thinking of buying these movies in HD I 'm sure you 've seen them already in some other format so I wo n't bother reviewing the films themselves . The reason I gave these DVDs 4 stars instead of 5 , however , is because of the complete lack of extras on the first two movies . Also the amount of grain is higher in dark scenes in Spider-Man compared to the other 2 sequels -LRB- which have almost none -RRB- . Other than these small complaints I would say definitely pick this set up if you want some nice demo discs for your collection .
 Well , everyone who has seen the three movies by now will probably agree that the first spidey was good , the second was great and the third was a letdown in comparison to the first two.This set has the three films , so I think it would be unfair to punish the first two because of the third -LRB- like many reviewers have done by now -RRB- . To watch Spider-Man 2 in full HD glory is going to be a blast for every Spider-Man fan out there.The first movie is a very good movie that is worth enjoying in HD , the second is one of the best superhero films in history and the third ... well , the story falls short after the big anticipation generated by Spidey 2 -LRB- to many villains end up being a mess like others have put it -RRB- , and in some points it just becomes too campy to endure , but nobody can deny that in terms of visuals it is still worthy of HD . Add to this all the extras on HD as well and you 've got yourself a nice package.The trilogy as a whole is entertaining , and Spider-Man 2 has story , deep villain , epic moments ... -LRB- I know , I ca n't spot praising Spider-Man 2 -RRB- , and despite being weak in comparison to the others , the third film is n't that bad . It just had a lot to live up to , and it failed to do so , but you still get some awesome action sequences , and this set in particular includes the other two films.So , the question you should ask yourself
 I cant wait to get this movie on Blu Ray . . I already own the first 2 but its gon na be worth seeing them on Blu Ray in HD !!
 i got em right on time and great package . i cnt complain really , everything was as described , and i always wanted em .
 What more can you say . All of them are excellent . I 've always been a huge Spiderman fan going back to the comic books . Movies are well made and acting is top notch . Fun entertainment for the whole family . However I had gotten feedback from some folks that Spiderman 3 does have a character that can be a little frightening to smaller children !
 This set is a great value . Not much on special features , but I 'm not worried about that with these movies . All three look great and sound amazing .
 it met my expectations ... had no problems with my order ... . it was a gift for my daughter ... she was happy
 It came Individually packaged in the condition it was advertised in . No complaints . Look forward to giving it to my sister for Christmas .
 I thought I had already reviewed this product . I did n't buy this product.I hate when the site updates there sites and ca n't keep the ratings and notes on the items .
 Must have this movie watched it over 20 times and still love it ! Spiderman is the coolest superhero in the world !
 I was very happy with this item . All three movies were perfect . Thewy did not skip or anything . my son is very happy with these . Thank you so much you guys
 Not sure what to say much more than they 're all there and all on blu-ray . Great trilogy and worth owning on Blu-ray . Bought this as an upgrade from the DVD set .
 The audio and video are outstanding . The artwork not so much , but for the price one can easily over look this flaw .
 It was cool until the musical bit , I 'm sorry but that was just retarded , nothing to do with anything in the movie . I think the writers or directors in this movie were frustrated musical fanatics who just did n't realize that spiderman doing a cheesy number in the middle of the film was just soooooooooooo wrong . God help us if he does an encore !
 Story is way too long , and too many unneccessary scenes that not helping the story at all . It does n't seem like a Spider-Man anymore . But the effects and fight scenes are awesome , so it balance out .
 The movies were transferred to blu-ray well . The movies are enjoyable as everyone knows except for the third movie . The third movie did not feel as cool as the first two . Whatever happened to all the special features on Spiderman 1 & 2 ?
 Adventure movies with heart and brains . These movies have cinematic style , visual effects , acting , direction and the three movies captures all of these characteristics . It totaly captivates the original spiderman . The actors were awsome particuarly Tobie Maguire and and Kristen Dunst , just outstanding . All three movies have spectacular entertainment .
 I , like everyone else already saw the films prior to this release . Sometimes it takes me a while to watch films . I bought this set when it was first released and all that I did was to preview them . That is , I looked at the picture quality and sound quality . They are both excellent ! I still have not watched them through on BD , but I saw enough to give the highest marks.I only speak on BD quality , not the films . If I must , then I would say that the Mary Jane being caputred and held as bait should not be the plot point for all three films , but it is . In the comic books , Spiderman did not spend any where as much time with Mary Jane as in the movies . She was hardly ever involved with exploits . I hope that the next film reduces Mary Jane 's role , does not have the villian holding a Gwen Stacey hostage as bait for Spiderman -LRB- it will kill the series -RRB- , and it would not be a bad ideas to follow the comics and have Spidey battle non-traditional Spidey foes such as Dr. Doom , The Punisher -LRB- that would have been a good way to tie-in a NEW Punsiher film - think ! -RRB- or the Leader.This set is a must buy and is probably -LRB- along with Casino Royale and politics -RRB- why Blu Ray won the war .
 This is a s good as Blu-ray gets , and for the price . . you ca n't beat it !!!
 great movies for a great price!For those of you who are canadian like myself , rest assured that shipping time is rather quick and the discs come securely packed ! usually about a week to ship to canadian addresses.I 've ordered many movies from -LSB- ... -RSB- and have not paid customs or duties ! stop paying marked up canadian prices and order from amazon !
 Excellent video quality on my Sony player , good price for the Trilogy and shipping/delivery of the goods was just superb.Eduardo .
 It was on time and I was able to give it to my son for Christmas and He has loved it .
 My son was so excited to get this for Christmas . He loves these movies . This was a great investment as he watches them over and over .
 Great service ! My husband , and I , loved the movies . This is a set to add to your collection !
 It got here on time and as described . . My husband loved it !!! Thanks Will order again from you ...
 I got this for 40 something dollars and it was a great vale for my pocket , plus the great pic quality
 An amazing boxset with TWO of the best Superhero movies of recent memory . The third ... well not so much . Either way it is a trilogy and you ca n't ignore that the third did n't exist -LRB- hence the trilogy worth owning part -RRB- . As for the bluray transfers , all are top notch and naturally get progressively better based on the age of each movie . I love it .
 Received promptly - unfortunately I ordered the blu-ray and this is not what my son-in-law wanted . I trust the return will be equally easy .
 I bought this as a gift for a kid who 's a Spider Man fan . He really enjoys it , but I 'm not a super hero fan myself .
 All three movies on Blu-ray are fantastic . I did n't like the third movie as much as the first two , nevertheless , the set is a must have @ $ 60 or less .
 Do n't listen to the HD DVD fanboys , the Spider-Man trilogy release on blu-ray is going to be one of the biggest releases ever on any format . Sony has a record of putting uncompressed audio on most of their releases , so expect this one to look AND sound great !
 I purchased this because of the price . The first and the last were quite a bit better than the second movie , but all were great looking in HD . The only thing that I can complain about is that the first two movies did not have hardly any special features .
 I purchased this product shortly after it was released on Blu-ray . Now I am rating the blu-ray experience more than anything else , because it is a blu-ray trilogy . I am not a movie critic -LRB- atleast I do n't get paid for it -RRB- and the Spidey movies have been out for a while-we all know if we like them or do n't . On blu-ray these movies looks amazing . I have a 1080i DLP -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- , Playstation 3 , and XBOX 360 Elite with HD drive . I run higher end HDMI from Monster Cable , as well as Monster optical for sound . I have a 7.1 surround sound home theater and a 250W sub pushing the base . Not the best setup but absloutely satisfying.The clarity of the blu-ray discs is amazing . Now , that is n't to say that every release is worthy of the new technology , but for this release it is . The special effects are clear and crisp . The sound is wonderful . Just to make sure I was enjoying every little bit of my new experience , I watched the movies on regular DVD before putting in my BD 's and I have to say that in some parts of the movie I heard sounds that were not audible before . It is like night and day.We can complain all we want about the content of the last installment in the trilogy , but what is done is done . Yeah , I know that the character development was lacking in 3 . Yes , I agree that Topher Grace was a terrible choice for Venom/Eddie Brock ... but this is about the technical side . . Blu-ray is an excellent media choice for those looking for the next gen of high definition .
 These movies never looked better on this High Definition Blu Ray Set . One thing I would like to have seen would have been a digital copy disc for these movies but I guess that was not in the cards . Overall Spiderman is one of the best comic movies that have been done . You wo n't be disappointed with this set .
 I bought this just to get the first 2 movies in high def . The third movie is n't nearly as good as the others , but I 'll still watch it again . `` Spiderman '' and `` Spiderman 2 '' are perfect comic book movies . The dialogue is class Stan Lee , which could come off as cornball , but Sam Raimi makes it work . I 'm a little perplexed that the extras that were on the standard definition discs are not present on the Blu-ray editions . Blu-ray holds so much information , there must have been room for them .
 I recently purchased a PS3 , and even though I had already owned the spider-man trilogy on dvd , I thought that they would be exceptional on blu-ray . They are . The scenes look almost 3-d , even though my tv only goes up to 1080i , and I have a receiver with 7.1 surround sound , and although these only go to 5.1 , they sound so much better than the movies did on dvd . Also the price was very good compared to retail stores .
 This is an oustanding product , i love the quality of the picture and sound . if you are a spiderman fan , blu-ray is the way to go ! I highly recommend this product !
 I recommend this trilogy because this &#34; super hero &#34; series speaks to the better nature of humans rather than the dark side . In all films , the evil characters displayed good values at one point or another , leaving the moral of the story one of choice and change . The final film was a bit weak in its presentation . It appeared the film editors were rushed or unconcerned in making especially the final scenes flow in a smooth story line to the end . I 'm still glad I bought it .
 Packaging is Ok but not great . Blu-Ray transfers are more than adequate . Fast shipping . There are a few different Blu-Ray collections out there and I am happy I went with this one .
 of course I recommend it , its excellent the resolution and colors , and have all that said the description , really good
 I am going to just briefly review the movies . For the most part they are great . The first movie was one of the best Superhero origin stories ever and a great mix of comedy and action . The only issue was with that goofy Green Goblin costume . You would think for the millions they spent on that movie , someone could have come up with a better costume . The second movie is one of the greatest films of the last decade . The acting , the direction , the story , everything hit the right notes and made for a thrilling , unbelievable experience . And finally , the third film . It was ok . It had some good points , but also some bad . Too many villains and a story that did not stay focused . It was a shame the series had to end on such a mediocre point.The thing that is really important to take away from this review is how awesome it is to watch Spidey swing around in High Def . The Blu-Ray format was invented for movies like this . Even if you own these films in another format , you owe it to yourself to upgrade to these versions . Your eyes will thank you .
 I just ordered the trilogy and viewed Spiderman 1 for the 100th time , but first on blu ray . To be honest I was somewhat disappointed with the transfer although it looks obviously better than the DVD . The PQ is not as sharp as , say , T2 Judgement Day -LRB- 1991 -RRB- given that this is a recent -LRB- 2002 -RRB- movie . Once of the very noticeable thing watching this movie on blu ray is how crappy the CG for goblin on his glider was . I was unpleasently surprised certain goblin scenes look very cartoony - particularly the Times Square scenes . The blu ray is in fullscreen.The boxset came with damaged corners thanks to the casual packing in a box but item arrived very fast -LRB- to Singapore -RRB- . That being said , all else was good with this first movie . This IS the one that started it all . I mean the barrage of Marvel movies .
 A wonderful , exciting adventure in the best HD I 've seen so far . Whomever said any of these movies was `` grainy '' did n't watch it on a TV as good as my Mitsubishi Diamond Series.The story was great and endearing , the casting was great , Spiderman was perfect and the HD was breataking.This is what good movies are all about
 In this first movie of the Spider-Man franchise -LRB- 2002 -RRB- director Sam Raimi did almost everything right . He concentrated on character development and character growth . Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker becomes a fully-realized person before our eyes . He 's not a cardboard or cartoon character hero . He 's vulnerable , innocent , a wide-eyed likeable person that we can empathize with . Orphaned , he lives with his Uncle Ben -LRB- Cliff Robertson -RRB- and Aunt May -LRB- Rosemary Harris -RRB- in a very modest Queens -LRB- ? -RRB- home . He has a lifelong crush on the girl next door Mary Jane -LRB- Kirsten Dunst -RRB- . Bitten by a spider , he gets great powers that he uses to fight evil . Fighting the bad guys becomes a mission more important than his personal happiness and his love for Mary Jane . His wealthy friend Harry Osborn -LRB- James Franco -RRB- has a father Norm -LRB- Willem Dafoe -RRB- who because of an experiment gone awry becomes a nut case villain , the Green Goblin , who buzzes around on a flying machine like a sled . The two masked men , Spider and Goblin , go after each other and all heck breaks loose.The subsidiary characters are well-done including J.K. Simmons as Peter 's editor who thinks Spider-Man is a menace . Uncle Ben is instrumental in carving out a career for Spider-Man/Peter . Spectacular scenes of Spider aloft weaving in and out through the Manhattan canyons are memorable along with the Roosevelt tram episode.This movie surmounts its action-oriented genre , and creates believable people . Toby 's acting is a key to the movie 's success and its artistry . Enough teasers and unfinished business was left in this one to spawn sequels and perhaps even a Broadway musical .
 This movies look and sound amazing on Blu-ray . If you want a good movie to show off your system any of these 3 are the best ones to use .
 The picture quality is among the best I have seen for a blu-ray . The sound quality is pristine . I rocked the house playing it through my home theater system . The reason it got 4 stars was for the lack of special features for both Spider-man and Spider-man 2 . This set included Spider-man 2.1 -LRB- Extended Version -RRB- , which was nice , so the trilogy is almost a quadrilogy . I waited for a price-drop since I had all on dvd prior to my purchase .
 This really does n't have anything to do with the quality of the movies . I happened to enjoy all three as being above average super-movies . The thing I noticed about the Blu-Ray versions is the crispness of picture quality and the saturation of colors . The colors are so intense at times that they actually hurt your eyes if you 're sitting too close to your 50 '' HD TV . Blu-Ray is a differnce that is easily noticable and worth the extra bucks for those movies that flash color , scenery , mind-boggling special effects and grandeur .
 My son just started getting into superheros and Spiderman was at the top of his list . I found the triology on Amazon right away and at a great price . The movies arrived in very little time and in great shape . I love Amazon and will always continue to shop here.Tiffany
 Great movie set . Nice collectors pack . Good price . Great addition to my collection of the greatest movies ever .
 This is an amazing blu-ray box set of the 3 Spiderman movies . In beautiful 1080p high definition picture , spiderman have never looked better ! IF you own a Playstation 3 or any another blu-ray player and looking for your first blu-ray to buy , GET THIS ONE ! Its one of the best looking and sounding titles out and the movies are great . Lots of detail and color pop in the picturePick this one up , you will NOT be disappointed.Highly Recommended
 I enjoyed these movies and plan on buying them to watch on my playstation 3 .
 I ordered these for my son , he loves them ! He watches them all the time and takes them everywhere he goes . They were such a good price and the shipping was reasonable and fast .
 My son loves all of the Spiderman movies . He was so happy to receive and watch them all .
 This item was a gift and I am basing my review on the three movies which I have seen .
 This DVD is exactly what I had hoped for in terms of quality - especially the 2nd and 3rd movie . Just AWESOME !!!
 super trilogy , never was spiderman so ` clear ` to me.super picture quality and super audio on all three discs , and i loved the inclusion of spiderman 2.1 peter parker is definitely ' the man ' a must own collection .
 borrowed this movie from a friend and had to get my own copy . very good movie
 I was a minor comic book geek as a kid -LRB- Marvel primarily , not DC -RRB- , and I have to admit , I was fairly pleased when the Raimi-envisioned Spiderman series went into production . The actual comic book was a decent mix of drama , action , and humor , and I was pleased that Sam Raimi did a good job of infusing a lot of those same elements into the movies.I bought the `` Spiderman Trilogy Blu-ray '' series just a few weeks ago , after having never purchased ANY of the single movies either on DVD or Bluray -LRB- which is actually surprising for me as I enjoyed them for the most part -RRB- , so there has been a fair amount of time between the recent purchase and my last viewing of most of the series . I decided to watch all three again over a week , and I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised . I honestly did n't remember that the whole series was as good as it is . Is it phenomenal ? No , but it is a solid , interesting , and entertaining presentation of the Peter Parker / Spiderman story.I 'm not one of those nitpicks who lambasts every little detail that 's different from the actual comic book . I try to consider the bigger picture , the spirit of intent , so to say , and take the movie production as a whole . For the most part , this trilogy hits the target . Tobey Maguire delivers a nuanced but impacting Peter Parker , and Kirsten Dunst delivers the right balance of emotion and spunk as Mary Jane Watson . The other supporting characters -LRB- the Green Goblin , Doc Ock , the Sandman , Venom , Aunt May , etc -RRB- deliver with variable impact , but all still carry their weight in the series . The weaker of the three films is number 3 -LRB- as most reviewers , myself included , seem to think -RRB- , but it 's still good enough to ably support the series as a whole.Not sure I would give any of the individual movies a solid 5 , but the series as a whole is , for me , a definite `` 4.5 with a roundup to 5 '' rating.Pluses would be the story and character development , with weighty-enough performances delivered by the various actors in the series -LRB- especially the mains -RRB- and the well-balanced delivery of light and heavy plot lines . Even when the story gets serious , there 's a comical element to the whole delivery.Minuses would be the `` everything and the kitchen sink '' approach to the third installment . There 's really just too many story elements that distract from a central theme to sink your teeth into . It almost works ... but not quite.Again , having never watched the entire series in quick succession , I was impressed by how well it held up as a whole . If for some fluky reason , like me , you have n't purchased any of the previous single titles , this is way worth the buying the series a whole . Though I somewhat enjoyed the newer 2012 re-imagining of Spiderman , I admit , this interpretation of the story offers something the newer delivery did n't .
 I looked all over for the Spider-Man trilogy and would have to buy them all separately and at a significantly higher price altogether . With them all on one cd I saved quite a bit and my grandson can watch them back to back without having to change out cd 's in between .
 These movies are golden and should be in anyone 's collection that wants the movies and has n't gotten them yet or that just likes superhero movies in general . All of the movies are at least pretty good but the highlights are Spider-Man 3 and then 2 . In that way from the original Spider-Man on , the movies just got better and better . The stories touch on plenty of action , romance and contain good character development . In this specific package Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2 come with 2 DVDs each one being for the main movie and the other most likely extras -LRB- I do n't examine the extra DVDs much -RRB- . All 3 movies are in Widescreen format . This set is worth it for Spider-Man 2 and 3 alone . Get this .5 stars .
 Spiderman I , II , and III , were very entertaining and kept the grandkids entertained . The entire family enjoyed the films , popcorn and drinks .
 The entire Spiderman trilogy is so good -LRB- particularly the first two -RRB- not because of its fantastic FX , made even more marvelous ;--RRB- in HD , not because of great acting that , with intuitive genius , includes over-the-top performances by limited , key actors -LRB- editor , villains -RRB- , combined with over-the-top powers and toys of the villains to link-in the comic-book -LRB- alright , graphic novelette -RRB- genre 's mood , while keeping the performances of Parker and his personal circle on an emotional , earthly level , but the three movies are sooo good because the story is written so well , with the priority on character , character , character , and the love story , as stated in the first movie 's opening monologue , and held true throughout.Peter Parker 's -LRB- Toby Maguire -RRB- trials with his family , friend , Harry -LRB- James Franco -RRB- and love-interest , MJ -LRB- Kirsten Dunst -RRB- , are such that the audience is so drawn into the interactions and outcomes , including the strong , inner struggle Parker has with his super-hero alter-ego , that the FX , stunts , toys , and even the conflict with the villains -LRB- who are also excellently flushed out and played , with dual , warmly human and wholly evil sides -RRB- is a secondary aspect that provides , more than anything else , pace and excitement to accent the real story that moves with the slower pace a plot moved by character demands . This is what good writing , the most important component of any story , in any media , is all about , and with all three Spiderman movies , the good writing prevails , opposite to so many or almost all movies of the genre which make the FX and the combat of villain and hero the centerpiece and wraps a plot , if a story , around that , resulting in another Hollywood failure added to the heap of such two-star-and-less failures.Great casting also contributes to the effectiveness of character development and the story . The more common , physical attributes of the two leads helps keep their lives down to earth , contributing to an aurora of believability that the viewer can buy into , which would have been greatly diminished if the producers would have filled the role of Parker with a Twilight-James-Dean incarnation -LRB- like James Franco , who plays Harry , Parker 's friend -RRB- and MJ with a compatibly stunning beauty . And the villains ' characters are excellently brought to life by Willem Dafoe , Alfred Molina , and Thomas Haden Church.The three movies of the first-generation Spiderman are all anyone could hope for , except to hope that the new generation will be produced with care that the same values making the first generation a stand-out will be in the fore of the minds of the writers , producers , and director .
 The Spider-Man trilogy has enthralled audiences and made comic book fanboys like myself so happy to see our beloved webslinger on the big screen . Here , we have the -LRB- so far -RRB- definitive Blu Ray release of the trilogy . We have Spider-Man , Spider-Man 2 , and Spider-Man 3 . All in all , it 's a 4 disc set . Now , since it 's in high definition , we can expect perfect picture and sound right ? In this case , oh yes . The Spider-Man trilogy is a perfect showcase of the richness and power of high definition video and the capabilities of the Blu Ray format . It 's sad to say that there are only a handful of Blu Ray releases that actually look great and this set is no exception.First off , the video presentation is superb . I watched the films on my Sony BD-S350 Blu Ray player in 1080p -LRB- HDMI -RRB- on my new Toshiba Regza 42 '' television with a Bose 5.1 surround sound system , just for reference . Spidey 1 is presented in a 1.85:1 aspect ratio with part 2 and 3 in 2.40:1 ratio . The films are filled with special effects and the 1080p transfer delivers the goods . Definition and depth be clearly seen in the actor 's faces and even their clothes . You can really see the depth of the fibers in Mary Jane 's green sweater at the laboratory field trip , it 's that good . Flesh tones and black levels are fantastic and the films feel alive . If you thought the DVDs looked good , you 'll see them as obsolete upon viewing the Blu Ray versions . DVDs do not do any justice to the films . The scenes of Spidey swinging through New York just look amazing and Venom in part 3 just looks fantastic . All in all , this is a MUST BUY for Spidey fans and just to show off your fancy Blu Ray player.The audio is presented in PCM tracks and actually sounds better if not as good as TrueHD audio encode . The 5.1 mix is superb and allows great clarity of the voices , action , and music . The sounds just emit from the speakers with such vibrant resonance that you feel that you are swinging with Spidey around New York . Overall , the audio is dynamic and warm and will sound great with your home theater setup.Next , we have the special features . One of the letdowns of this set is the lack of special features for films 1 and 2 . Spidey 3 includes the second disc of special features found in the DVD set and stand alone Blu Ray copies . Although , Spider-Man 2 does feature the extended Spider-Man 2.1 which I believe is just as good if not much better than the theatrical cut . Spidey 3 features 11 behind-the-scenes featurettes going over the villains , the stunt work , and the sets . Seeing how Sandman and Venom were brought to life in intriguing . All in all , it 's a shame that the extras from 1 and 2 did n't make it here , so I guess it 's good I kept my DVDs.Final words , it 's a must buy . I ca n't recommend this set enough . Spider-Man 1 and 2 are landmark achievements and amazing films whereas part 3 was just cluttered with too much plot and an incoherent story -LRB- I really hoped that they would redo this one but alas , they did n't -RRB- . Even if you do n't like part 3 -LRB- I actually liked it for the action and effects -RRB- , it 's still enjoyable and you 'll want to watch it when it looks this good . This is definitely a perfect way to show off Blu Ray , other than a nice CG animated movie or another special effects-ladened movie . Movie and comic fans alike will enjoy this box set and plus , it 's the only way to get part 1 and 2 on Blu Ray . I give the video a 5/5 , the audio a 5/5 and the extras a 3/5 . the overall box is a 5/5 and a must buy .
 Let there be no doubt that this trilogy set is the best of the superhero genre . Spider-Man is one of the top selling comic book characters in the world , and for more than forty years he remains one of the most beloved superheroes of our time . I have grown up reading the spider-man comics as well as watch the early 90s Saturday morning cartoon , then when news cames that a live action picture was slated to come out ; I was eager to be one of the millions to bare witness the Amazing hero coming to life on the silver screen . After the success of the first film , then came the sequels , which were able to outdo the achievement of the original film . I have to be honest that I think the second film was an astonishing piece of work , because it stood more to the hero 's alter ego rather than going into the web-swinging action . Spider-Man-The Motion Picture Trilogy is a must own for every movie lover . No collection is complete without this pure spun gold set piece .
 I 'd seen all 3 movies prior to this purchase , however , this now enables me to view any of the 3 whenever I feel like it . My only commentary is , `` It 's Spiderman '' . I think that says enough . I 'm well pleased with the delivery terms , condition and quality of the products .
 I bought this movie for my husband ... he seemed to really enjoy it and it looked great .
 This was a hit at my son 's 10th birthday party :-RRB- we had movie night and everyone loved it . The set is excellent , neat box and all . The picture and sound quality is great too . I 'll buy the x men set for christmas !
 Wow , the quality of these Blue-ray movies is awesome ! Spiderman 1-I feel introduces us to Spiderman pretty good . I think the story-line is great , acting is decent to good . I personally did not care much for Mary Jane Watson -LRB- Kirsten Dunst -RRB- . I feel as if she was a little fake and overly dramatic . Spiderman -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- I know a lot of comparisons have been made to Garfield from The Amazing Spiderman , but for this series , Maguire was great . I am not much of a James Franco fan as he plays Harry Osborn . One carachter that I loved was William Dafoe playing the Green Goblin . I like most of Dafoes movies though . Spiderman 2-I personally liked more than Spiderman 1 , I particularly enjoyed Doc Ock -LRB- Alfred Molina -RRB- . I loved this movie , the drama of Parker having to be Spiderman , and the train scene was the best ! Spiderman 3 was worth watching , but that is it . The CGI was still amazing , but the story line was horible ! They were in a rush to end this trilogy and felt the only way was to introduce a bunch of villians at once . Sandman would have made a good villian for a movie , Venom should have had his own movie ! I think the fightes were to short in duration as well . Very disapointed with this movie altogether , but so were millions of other people ! Overall I bought the trillogy for $ 20 with free shipping . My overall rating is for all three movies combined Picture quality - 5/5 , sound quality 3/5 -LRB- this is mostly due to my TV 's limitation , a sound system is in the works -RRB- Story 4/5 -LRB- Spiderman 1-5/5 , Spiderman 2-5/5 , Spiderman 3-2/5 -RRB- . Overall value-4 .5 / 5 , an overall great value . Spiderman is now Amazing , but we already knew that . lol
 This was exactly what I was looking for . I have the trilogy on Blu-Ray but my son is a huge spider-man fan and only has a dvd player in his room so as I gift I wanted to get this for him so he would be able to watch it whenever he wanted .
 Shipped right on time , as expected and came with the newer release versions of each movie even though I was expecting the older . Great product w / a surprise and I 'll take that ! Appreciate that , oh wonderful sender .
 THIS ITEM WAS A GIFT AND CHRISTMAS WE ALL WATCHED SPIDERMAN . VERY GOOD AND FAST SERVICE . IT WAS A PLEASURE DOING BUSINESS WITH THESE FOLKS .
 Some love the whole trilogy , some may dislike it here and there , but in the end , most of us enjoys it!This trilogy is one of my first Blu-ray movies -LRB- bought it in early 2008 -RRB- , and even now , though the picture quality of the latest Blu-ray movies improved a lot compared to the ones a few years back , the quality of the Spider Man series hold up . The audio is equally great , and will satisfy the audiophiles.As of extra features , part 1 and 2 doesnt have any . Though 2 have the 2.5 version -LRB- additional scenes -RRB- . Part 3 though got tons of extras to make it up , and in fact , got 2 discs - 1 for the movie , another for the special features.Movie wise , I love them all . Part 1 is an origin story , and though I dont like origin story too much , its pretty good . My only complain is Green Goblin 's robotic look , so different from the comics . But then again , I guess the exact comic version -LRB- just as most comic characters -RRB- wont look good in a movie.Part 2 is my favorite -LRB- and I think everyone agrees its the best of the three -RRB- - its a great blend of action , humor , drama . Everything here is done perfectly , and arguably one of the best comic book to movie adaptation.Part 3 is a mixed bag to different people . Some dislike it , some even hate it with a passion . Personally , I enjoyed it . My 2nd favorite of the three . I just love the ... well I wont spoil it much -LRB- though really , who havent seen the trilogy yet at this time and age ?! -RRB- , but as a big comic book fan , it reminds me to one of those team-up storylines . Yes , it could have been better , and some major characters isnt fleshed out much , but hey , Raimi and company did what they can to fit everything to a 2 hour plus movie.In the end , the Spider Man Trilogy is a great popcorn flick , and very much worth the purchase , whether youre a comic book fan , a movie collector , or just want to watch some entertaining movies . Oh , if there is one complain I got ... Kirsten Dunst just doesnt make a good MJ . Tobey Maguire as Parker is acceptable , and in fact , I grown to like him as Spider Man ; but Dunst ... just the wrong actress for the character if you ask me . But thats just me .
 This is a great classic trilogy and for the price on blu-ray its a great value . If you are looking for a good movie at a great price this is the one .
 This movie was awesome ! The picture and sound quality were top notch as well as the bonus content . Definitely worth every cent .
 What more can I type . It 's excellent and cystal clear . Glad I 've found the trilogy , and at such a affordable cost .
 This blu ray trilogy set is absolutely worth picking up . I do have all 3 movies on dvd , but this is one film franchise I do n't mind double dipping into . The transfers to blu ray are spectacular . Great picture quality , and sound . My only complaint is that the special features for the first 2 films are non existent , but like I said , I have the dvds so if I needed to get my special feature fix then I could just pop those in . If your like me and love these movies , then do yourself a favor and get the set . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Very pleased w/this video.Good views of pianist while he performaned . A guality video . The orchestra and piano really complemented one another.Thank you .
 Really about a 4.7 , but definitely closer to 5 than 4 . Orchestra was very good although not a rival to Berlin . Photography was extremely crisp . My biggest gripe is that on several occasions during Beethoven 's Emperor Piano Concerto the camera cut away from the pianist just as he was reaching a crescendo . Otherwise , direction and camera work were fine . I really could n't list any flaws in the performance of Brahms ' Symphony # 3 . In addition to the DVD-video , there is also an hour + of DVD-audio performances of Brahms Piano Concerto and waltzes.All together , a good value given the total amount of music and worth a spot in your collection .
 This DVD has rare footage of Steven De Groote -LRB- 1977 Van Cliburn competition Gold Medalist -RRB- playing Chopin Piano Concerto No. 2 in 1983 when he was 30 years old . De Groote died in 1989 at age 36 . While visiting relatives in South Africa , he was hospitalized for pneumonia and influenza , eventual cause of death was inflammation of the liver . We lost one of the most promising pianists of his generation.The program on the DVD is : Schumann
 I 've admired Maria Tipo for some time , since I got her recording of the Bach Partitas for keyboard in the mid 90 's . And recently most of her recordings have become available again . To see her on video is a special treat . Everything she plays ranks among the best with me . Her interpretations are masterful -- beautifully considered yet always with an air of spontaneity . I have all her recordings that I am aware of and am always on the lookout for more .
 Frans Br&uuml;ggen has been a major presence in the `` authentic '' and period instrument performance movement for decades . His CD recordings , including outstanding interpretations of Beethoven 's Eroica and Mozart 's Requiem with the Dutch Orchestra of the Eighteenth Century , are sought out by his fans . I was curious to see him in action and found the experience of this 1991 Lugano film highly rewarding . The Lebrun Oboe Concerto is not very memorable , but pleasing to the ear , and the soloist Omar Zoboli is excellent . The concert 's highlight is Mozart 's Haffner Symphony , presented with all repeats , in a gripping , dramatic and what might be called `` semi-authentic '' performance . Br&uuml;ggen has his musicians , the very fine Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana , on their toes throughout , playing with minimal vibrato , sharp accents in the brass and the timpani , and a stylishly lean classicist string intonation . On all accounts , this is a bargain as well as a collector 's piece .
 This is a 1986 concert performance of the Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana conducted by Christof Escher with piano soloist Mikhail Rudy . Compositions are Mozart 's Clemenza di Tito Overture , Piano Concerto 21 , Rondo from Piano Concerto 16 and Schubert 's Symphony # 3 . Program length is 77 minutes with an additional 53 minutes of dvd audio . Dolby Digital 5.1 sound.Recorded in Lugano , Switzerland for broadcast on tv . All technical aspects are good but not exceptional.This will not be one of the top classical dvd 's in your collection but I recommend buying it if you 're looking for fine performances of these particular works .
 This was a true bargain and mainly because of that i give it 5 stars . The performances are not five star but all in all no one should complain at this price . You want great perfomance ? it does n't generally come at this price but the performance is worth what this is priced at without doubt . A good one to introduce yourself to classical music if you are not an expert looking for star quality . These pieces are not especially thrilling to me but i am replacing my vhs library . Admittedly , this was n't on my list but when i saw the price I jumped at it .
 This was a good opportunity to study the 2 great composers , Each one with wonderful talent and a diffrent style/approach to each composers work .
 Gopichand Jasoos is a private detective . Bela who is Gopi 's neighbor , is to marry Jeetendra on her fathers insistence . She wants Gopi to find out more about his character . Gopichand sets on his work . His simplicity leads him to other way and in confusion he follows Prem Chopra instead of Jeetendra , where he detects that Prem Chopra , along with his three friend is planning to loot a bank . Gopi informs Bela that Jeetendra is a man with evil thoughts . The bank is looted and unfortunately Bela 's father is the manager of this bank . He and Bela approach Gopichand and thrusts him the work of getting back the loot . Does he succeed this time ? Watch Gopichand Jasoos .
 Jacob Two-Two is a Canadian TV series that also airs in the US -LRB- NBC , ION , & Telemundo -RRB- and is great . It is better then Arthur ! It is funny , well written , and just a plain good show . American kids programming should be more like this . And I 'm 14 !
 My husband is from B.C. , Canada and I discoverd Jacob Two Two while on a visit . I have always been a toon head -LRB- I 'm 57 -RRB- and the thing about Jacob Two Two is the colorful characters and the positive story lines . All the young folks in my life really enjoy the stories .
 I quite enjoyed The Man From Utah -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , but it is a rather peculiar old western . John Wayne plays John Weston , a stranger who rides into town , saves the local marshal 's life in the aftermath of a bank robbery , and soon finds himself entering a rodeo as an undercover detective of sorts . It seems that the rodeo organizer 's boys keep winning all the prize money at each event , while outsider entrants who have a chance to win keep getting `` snakebit , '' literally . It 's up to The Duke to infiltrate the gang , figure out how they operate , and save the day . There is a good bit of rodeo action , but a significant portion of it comes from stock footage used in a good number of other early films ; this is clearly a mark against The Man From Utah , but it is an understandable way to make a cheap movie back in depression-marked 1934 . If you have n't seen the footage elsewhere , it wo n't matter at all to you . What really distinguishes this film is the music . The movie opens with John Wayne riding into town strumming a guitar and singing ; I believe this is stock footage of someone other than The Duke , though . What really got me , though , was the insertion at times , usually during a chase scene , of unusually prominent music consisting mainly of organs and horns -LRB- at least , that 's what it sounded like to me -RRB- . I suppose this was done to add tension or excitement to important parts of the film , but the sound of quasi-classical music coming from out of nowhere during an old western really struck me as quite odd . The Man From Utah does have its problems , but it still features John Wayne playing the hero as only he can ; this and the presence of the always entertaining Gabby Hayes make this an entertaining old western that all fans of The Duke should enjoy .
 John Wayne is quite the hero in this short , old western . An enjoyable video showing him in his beginning years of acting . He even sings in this one .
 I have been a `` Thomas '' fan ever since the age of 2 , and to this day -LRB- being almost 20 -RRB- I still enjoy the older episodes . This particular DVD has some of my all-time favorite episodes ! Before I get to the full review , I 'll give you a brief synopsis of the episodes .1 . Granpuff -LRB- Written by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adpated by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - The engines are having trouble getting to sleep one night , so Thomas tells them all a story about a narrow gauge railway . `` Once upon a time , there were three little engines who lived in their own little shed on their own little railway '' . The little engines are named Duke , Stuart , and Falcon . At first , Stuart and Falcon are cheeky , but they straighten up when Duke tells them a story about an engine who got turned into a generator for being extremely rude and constantly falling off the rails . Later , the railway is closed , Stuart and Falcon are bought by another railway , and Duke is left alone in his old shed ... 2 . Sleeping Beauty -LRB- Written by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - ... however , Duke is not forgotten . This story forms the second half of a two-parter , with `` Granpuff '' being the first half . Almost 30 years after Duke 's old line was closed , some visitors come to see Sir Topham Hatt and explain that they want to find and restore Duke . They go out looking for him , but have little or no luck . That is , until one of them falls through the ground and ends up landing on Duke 's boiler . Duke 's shed is all over-grown and Duke is very rusty . The `` rescuers '' -LRB- as they are referred to -RRB- , explain that they come from the railway that bought Stuart and Falcon and that they are here to restore him . They get Duke out of the shed and take him to the Skarloey Railway , where Stuart and Falcon -LRB- now named Peter Sam and Sir Handel -RRB- are waiting for him .3 . A Bad Day for Sir Handel -LRB- Based on `` Sir Handel '' by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - There is a narrow gauge railway with two little engines named Skarloey and Rheneas . Rheneas has been sent to the Works to be mended and two new engines have come to help out . Their names are Sir Handel and Peter Sam . Peter Sam is a happy little engine , but Sir Handel is very grumpy and does n't wish to pull coaches -LRB- he calls them `` cattle cars '' -RRB- . He reluctantly pulls the coaches to a station . However , when told he is to pull freight cars , Sir Handel refuses and purposely derails himself . Needless to say , Sir Topham Hatt is not pleased , and scolds Sir Handel .4 . Rusty Helps Peter Sam -LRB- Based on `` Trucks ! '' by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - Sir Topham Hatt has bought a diesel engine named Rusty to help Sir Handel and Peter Sam out on the narrow gauge railway . Sir Handel wants to try to get out of pulling freight cars and Gordon tells him to pretend that he is ill . Sir Handel takes his advice , and Peter Sam is told to take Sir Handel 's cars as well as his own . When Peter Sam reaches the quarry , he hooks up his cars to a slope , and the loaded cars pull the empty ones up . The loaded cars do n't see Peter Sam properly and think he is Sir Handel . The cars do n't like Sir Handel , and they purposely break away from the chain controlling their speed down the slope . This creates a horrible accident and leaves Peter Sam in a very bad state with his funnel dented . Rusty helps clear up the mess and pulls Peter Sam home . Sir Topham Hatt finds out what happened and scolds Sir Handel for pretending to be ill .5 . Rusty to the Rescue -LRB- Written by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - Rusty wants to find a steam engine , so he asks Douglas and Percy where . Douglas informs him that the only place to find one is on the Other Railway , but only extremely brave engines go there . Rusty makes up his mind to go there and find an engine . He does , and finds a steam engine named Stepney sitting in a scrap yard . Rusty 's crew cleam Stepney up a bit and take him out of the scrap yard . Stepney has been saved from scrap , and now lives on the Bluebell Railway .6 . Thomas and Stepney -LRB- Based on `` Bluebells of England '' and `` Stepney 's Special '' by the Rev. W. Awdry/Adapted by Britt Allcroft and David Mitton -RRB- - Percy informs Thomas that a famous engine named Stepney who lives on the Bluebell Railway is coming to visit Sir Topham Hatt 's Railway soon . Thomas is immediately jealous of this famous engine . When Stepney arrives , he is asked to pull a special train , and Thomas is shunted into a siding to allow Stepney and his special to pass . Thomas is made even more cross by this . The next day , Stepney apologizes for having Thomas shunted and flatters him by telling him that he -LRB- Thomas -RRB- knows the line much better than Stepney does . Thomas and Stepney become friends .7 . Music Video
 My 4 year old loves this movie and watches it over and over . It is the older style one not the one with the `` moving '' faces . The newer version scares him . -LRB- The moving faces are creepy -RRB- so if you have a toddler who prefers the older animation Thomas this is it !
 I gave this , and several other Thomas movies , to my son for Christmas and he LOVED them ! He is a big Thomas The Tank Engine fan and they never fail to deliver a great story that he loves to watch over and over again . = -RRB-
 It Remind Me Of Real Steam Engines , Real Diesel Engines , Real Electric Engines , Real Railway Coaches , Real Railway Trucks & Real Railways
 These episodes are cute ! My son loves Rusty . He has watched this dvd probably more times than any of his other Thomases .
 Gave three to my 4 1/2 yr old grandson three for Halloween Gift . It makes me fell so good to see him so happy .
 Here is one of the most joyous musical films of all time . Nanci Griffith with the help of her Blue Moon Orchestra sings songs from her album , Other Voices Other Rooms in a live concert . The film begins with Nanci Sitting on a Diving board over a drained 12 foot pool at her old school , playing her guitar , and ends with the outstanding concert . I 'd reccomend it wholeheartedly to anybody that does n't know about Nanci Griffith . I imagine that those who love her wo n't need any encouragement . -- Robert Metz
 I am a big Nanci Griffith fan and LOVE this video . The concert footage is superb and the interviews with the people who wrote the songs she performed on the album -LRB- most of who made guest appearances on the video -RRB- were wonderful as well . If you like music -LRB- folk , country , whatever -RRB- BUY THIS VIDEO . You will not be disappointed .
 I bought the album as soon as it was released in New Zealand after seeing Nanci on the Bob Dylan anniversary concert video singing `` Spanish Boots of Spanish Leather '' . Apart from this video and the guest appearance with the Chieftans it was hard to obtain videos of Nanci in this country . I have most of her albums . This video is superb . The quality of the concert production is excellent . The background dialog gives you an appreciation of her background . The songs performed are not exactly as per the album which is a bonus as you get to appreciate other ways of producing the songs . The feeling that comes over is the commitment and honesty of Nanci . She communicates with her audience on an awesome level and this is translated into the viewer 's experience . This video is a must for all Nanci fans and lovers of mainstream country.David Askew , Auckland , New Zealand
 I do n't buy concert videos , but `` Other Voices Other Rooms '' is the exception . It is a live performance of Nanci 's Grammy winning album , with such great guest star performances from Iris Dement , Emmylou Harris , Jimmy Dale Gilmore and many more . It had a great celebratory feel to it . There 's plenty of interviews with Nanci and crew as well as a bonus video in the end . The video is a treat because it so hard to see Nanci 's videos on the usual music channels . So if you like Nanci griffith or just a fan of great music , check out this video . END
 I 've been a fan of Nanci 's for the better part of two decades , but only picked up a copy of this concert a couple of years ago . I was not disappointed . This is one excellent concert , with every song a gem . Nanci 's duets with other singer/songwriters -LRB- Emmylou Harris and Odetta , among others -RRB- introduced me to artists that I had not heard before . Her duet with Jerry Jeff Walker on `` Morning Song for Sally '' is alone worth the cost of the tape . I am hoping that this concert will be re-released on DVD , but until then , my old VHS copy will have to do .
 This was a wonderful concert celebrating a landmark album from Nanci Griffith . The guest artists were superb . Please release on DVD !!
 Unbelieveable . One of the top live performances of all time is not available on DVD?Nanci Griffith has put together one of the important CDs of our time . Her energy , musical skill , and personality helped bring together some songs and songwriters whose voices -LRB- along with many others who could n't be included -RRB- have been neglected by mainstream media for many years . For those who have n't been exposed to this music , most will be happily surprised to find that such talent not only exists , but is available to be heard.Well , most of it can be found on youtube , but a pristine DVD of this VHS tape would be a great addition to any library of American music.And Nanci Griffith , unbelieveably , may be the greatest under-appreciated talent of all .
 this documentary tells you the relationship of Lewis Carroll and Alice Liddle . and also tells how alice in wonderland was created . this was a very intersting documentary . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
 For kids , it 's a good old-fashioned tale of good versus evil . I got it for my baby daughter , but it 's too advanced for her and she went right back to spreading my wife 's clean clothes around the floor of the living room . When she begins to talk and understand , it should be a good one for her . Allahu akbar !
 I had the great pleasure of watching this film at the Jackson Hole Film Festival pre-screenings . It 's left an impression that 's stuck around for two years ! I love the artistic approach to unvieling the scientific method pursued by the scientists in the film . Way to go ! Great science , great filmmaking .
 I loved this film . It 's imaginative and humorous , while being informative and interesting . I also loved it since Sarah A. Jackson is my daughter and I 'm very proud of her . She has a great future .
 Dr. Ivie is in Italy looking for a beetle . Unfortunately , the beetle he seeks was only found one time by one person thirty years ago in one hole in the ground , and it 's only about a millimeter long . While the graduate students dig and all sift through mud , dream sequences , animation , and stock footage open a window into the obsession and passion that drives these impossible tasks of science . The `` science '' of clear and instant results is dissolved to reveal the reality where methods are bizarre and failure is not only common , but just another step in the process .
 For kids , it 's a good old-fashioned tale of good versus evil . I got it for my baby daughter , but it 's too advanced for her and she went right back to spreading my wife 's clean clothes around the floor of the living room . When she begins to talk and understand , it should be a good one for her . Allahu akbar !
 I really love this movie , it is one of my favorite hindi movies . It is family-based and has great characters , great songs , a strong sense of morals , eye catching sets and clothing . I like that this movie doesnt contain violence , lude scenes etc. . I highly recommend if you tend to like a more traditional hindi movie experience -LRB- like many movies from the 90 's such as Hum Aapke Hain kaun -RRB- , with a large talented cast . This movie is strongly based on positive interactions within an extended family and leaves you feeling good in the end .
 Although it 's not the most current movie , it still has a lot of warmth and good acting in it . I especially love the depiction of family .
 This is a wonderful DVD . The film is great . The special feature disc is also quite interesting .
 I would like to give this seller a very good rating . This movie arrived sooner that I had expected and I enjoyed watching it .
 I got this movie for my two daughters , and they loved it . Now , they ask to watch Bah ya Bah every day ! My wife and I appreciate the fact that in addition to being entertaining , this movie teaches vaulable moral lessons . This is definately a movie the whole family can watch together .
 I 've been using `` The Power of Hatha Yoga '' for over a year now and I find it to be very challenging , and yet surprisingly calming , at the same time . The tape is pretty long , but when it 's over , you hardly notice that 80 minutes has gone by . It 's hard to do this tape after work , as I wind up finishing around 8:00 pm , which is kind of late to be eating dinner . But , I usually skip dinner on those nights and just have a small protein shake or light salad . I can stay up much later and sleep so much more peaceful on the nights that I complete this yoga tape . I would n't recommend this tape for anyone who has small children , unless you have a quiet place without interruptions . Eighty minutes is a long time to ignore the little kiddies . Out of all of the yoga tapes that I own , this is by far my favorite !
 This is an excellent video ! Naader Shagagi is an inspiration to watch and practice with . His easy-to-listen-to voice provides clarity and understanding as he guides you through this very thorough yoga workout . It is challenging enough for the seasoned yoga student and athlete , while it covers some basic essentials of Hatha yoga that will benefit anyone on a more introductory level . If you have to buy just one yoga video , this should be the one .
 Naader has taken his class directly to video - this is a wonderful opportunity to experience his caring and warm direction for beginning to intermediate students of hatha yoga . The next best thing to being there .
 I got this video about a year ago and have used it to maintain a practice at home . Naader is thorough , covering postures to strengthen all areas of the body . An added bonus is `` He 's a hottie ! ''
 I am fortunate to be a student in Naader 's yoga classes at Yoga Kingdom in Pasadena , CA . As someone who has studied yoga on and off for 25 years , i can confidently say that Naader 's class is the most complete and well-rounded I have ever taken . For those in other parts of the world who would like access to an energizing , healing yoga workout , I would highly recommend this video .
 I have known Naader for several years and he was the first Yoga instructor that really got me to stick with yoga for a long time . When I moved away from Los Angeles where Naader teaches , I started to loose touch with yoga -- at a pretty big cost to my peace of mind and back pain . After trying a number of classes near my new home , I found that the tape was the best way to go . Its a great , straight foward tape that moves you through a very thorough workout that will take care of every single part of your body .
 I love this video . I 'm more than 100 pounds overweight and this video is about the only exercise I ever get . The reviews say this video is for intermediate yoga students but I 've been doing most of the exercises since I was a beginner . There are only a few postures that are beyond my capability . I just fast forward through those postures . This is a very step-by-step exercise program that holds the positions long enough for us `` slower '' folks to get into position and still hold it long enough to get the full workout . I 've tried other videos and I either ca n't keep up or I ca n't follow what the teacher is doing . With Naader I can keep up and get the full workout I need and want . I 've given this video to many of my slim friends and they love it too !
 I have been searching painstakingly for a `` power yoga '' style video that provides a great , strong workout without annoying me . I 've read other reviews on a few of the `` power yoga tapes '' out there , some with weak workouts and others with irritating instructors , so I could n't resist the rave reviews on the Power of Hatha tape and its inspirational instructor , and bought the tape on those recommendations.I agree with those reviews
 Naader was my first yoga teacher . When we moved out of state , this video was my link to the best yoga routine I have ever done . I tried other instructors and other videos , but Naader 's approach is the best -- a balanced mix of yoga instruction and inspiration . I have shared this tape with many friends -LRB- who then bought their own copy ! -RRB- and they all agree that Naader 's instructions are easy to follow and the pace is slow enough that beginners can figure out what is going on before the next pose ; but not so slow that experienced students get bored . Furthermore , since he is doing the poses along with the student , he knows just when to offer that extra word of encouragement when you are about to give up ! I find something new to ponder each time I listen to this tape . Naader 's words are from the heart and they reach out to touch your heart as well as your body . Buy this tape and use it !!
 This is a wonderful yoga video and it provides a complete mind , body and spirit workout . Naader Shagagi is a peaceful guide who not only helps you place your body in the right position but gives you insight to give your mind a workout as well . This is an intermediate level `` class '' and it provides an outstanding workout of the entire body from head to toe . I 've only seen a few yoga videos but this is by far the best I have encountered .
 This is a great video for beginners and intermediate yoga students . Naader has a calming presence and inspirational presentation . Of all the yoga videos I 've watched , this is the best . I loved the quotes and music and overall presentation . This video has built up my concentration , will power , balance , flexibility and strength , unlike other videos which only concentrate on one or two . For me , this is the only one I need .
 I love this video . I was looking for a yoga class and could n't find one that would fit my busy schedule . So I decided to purchase a tape that I could do anytime . I went on-line and found `` The Power of Hatha Yoga '' with Naader Shagagi . It is a wonderful workout for mind , body and spirit . To achieve maximum benifits of any exercise program I believe all three of these elements are essential . Naader is awesome . He explains everything very thoroughly and also how the postures are helping your internal organs . I look forward to my workouts with Naader . He epitomizes Hatha Yoga and what it can do for you ...
 Naader Shagagi is a gifted and gentle teacher . He leads you through the exercises very slowly . Naader , will lead you through 35 clearly instucted postures and two breathing exercises . This video requires about 90 minutes to do , and it is not for beginners.However , I look forward to the weekends so I can devote that much time to yoga . This tape really helps increas your willpower and will help you develop flexibility . This is truly a very beatiful tape . This tape helps recapture lost youth and vitality
 This is a great video for beginners and intermediate yoga students . Naader has a calming presence and inspirational presentation . Of all the yoga videos I 've watched , this is the best . I loved the quotes and music and overall presentation . This video has built up my concentration , will power , balance , flexibility and strength , unlike other videos which only concentrate on one or two . For me , this is the only one I need .
 I have been practicing yoga for 12 years and recently my schedule required me to practice on my own . I found Shagagi 's tape online and I could n't be more pleased . The poses are strong and the breath coaching is the best I 've seen in any video . I love that the video follows the basic tenants of classic hatha yoga and holds to those principles.Even better , I have had occasion to practice with my elderly neighbor who also found the tape doable . She is new to hatha yoga but was able to follow Mr. Shagagi 's instructions for modifications . She also found his voice soothing , his words encouraging and inspiring.All in all , I find this the BEST video for hatha yoga out there !!
 Naader is my first and only yoga instructor . His classes provide a great physical workout and a spiritually uplifting experience . This video is a great resource for the times I can not make it to class .
 If you like lots of realistic , believable science in your science fiction ... If you love to learn about space exploration and the science and technology behind it ... then this pair of series is great for you.The rest of you probably wo n't enjoy it nearly as much as I did . It 's all a matter of taste . `` Race to Mars '' was a 4-hour Canadian mini-series about an international mission to Mars , all based on the best , latest science and plans -LRB- as of 2007 -RRB- . You wo n't find the alien artifacts ofMission To Mars . You wo n't find the out-of-control robot ofRed Planet . All you 'll find is believable astronauts/engineers facing the challenge of their lives , and sometimes falling short . If landing on another world and trying to build a lasting presence there is n't enough drama for you , then this is not for you . But it is for me ! `` Mars Rising '' was a 6-episode companion series , a science-fact series that explored the science and technology and plans behind `` Race to Mars '' . Instead of a dramatic presentation , it 's a deep exploration of choices and alternatives and risks that such a mission would face . It gave me a lot of ideas for Mars stories.If you 're a fan of real-world space travel , check out this double-feature . But if you want something action-oriented , look elsewhere .
 very realistic and fantastic movie , a must for all mars enthusiests like me . Great graphics and The planet just aches out for me to be on and explore
 Mars Rising is the best documentary I 've ever seen about the issues surrounding a future manned mission to Mars . Shatner 's voice-over gives it extra credibility.Race to Mars is the most realistic movie ever made in the &#34; manned mission to Mars &#34; genre .
 This is very satisfying and interesting ! Especially if you 're on a long flight or train ride ! I really enjoyed the way this was put together . I never get tired of watching it !
 Hey , the film 's great , the story 's great , the cinematography is lush -LRB- and the interspersing of actual archival footage of the Soviet invasion is done seamlessly and masterfully -RRB- , and the acting is top-knotch . Lena Olin is not only beautiful , but in her role as Sabina she is Pure Sex . I also find it hard to imagine any other actor than Daniel Day-Lewis who could pull off Tomas . And Juliette Binoche manages to balance between frailty and strength all through the movie . The director 's commentary is very good and very enlightening , and all in all this is a wonderful , quality DVD to own .
 Nothing can beat Milan Kundera 's phenomenal novel - a true masterpiece and one of the great books of the 20th century . Even if less rich and profound than the book , the film is also a filigreed jewel of no less beauty , complexity , and brightness .
 One of the most haunting aspects of this movie is that my video store today has it under the `` Adult entertainment '' section which I thought was a joke . I first saw this on its release in 1988 at the age when I should n't have seen it . I 'd forgotten so many details of it , and I was newly impressed at the film for the second time.That aside , I must say that despite the length -LRB- and a tendency for some parts to be longer than they should have been -RRB- , this is a very good film . Daniel Day-Lewis plays Tomas so brilliantly , it 's hard to think of him in his other familiar roles -LRB- Last of the Mohicans , for instance -RRB- . Juliette Binoche is also great as Tereza Tomas wife . Supporting characters come and go , and the tone frequently changes with little warning . But those two things work perfectly within the context of the movie . Lena Olin , as Sabrina , does well on her role as a sculptor who also can find no place for love without freedom in her life . Her relationship with Tomas is based upon friendship and convenience . Their lovemaking is passionate but not empty or cold . If there is love , it is left unspoken.You can see how Teresa , Tomas and Sabina 's actions flow from what they are on the * inside *
 When I heard they were making a file of The Unbearable Lightness of Being , I thought , `` good luck ! '' . The main gist of the book is philosophical , a hard quality to translate on film . But Kaufman does it here , with the help of Daniel Day-Lewis - and manages to improve upon the book , adding color , humor , and a profound sense if intimacy . A touching and beautifully done love story .
 He 's not mentioned in the main titles , and gets a scant listing at the end , yet the music of Czech composer Janacek is integral to this brilliant film . Kaufman says in the commentary that Milan Kundera recommended using Janacek -- his favorite composer -- and that the music takes the place of Kundera 's narrative voice . Too bad Kaufman did n't see fit to credit him . If you enjoyed the music , buy the soundtrack album -LRB- still in print -RRB- or Janacek 's String Quartets and Fairy Tale for cello and piano -- as erotic , passionate and painful as the film .
 Not for everyone but if you like a little philosophy with your cinema or are fairly literary minded then you 'll appreciate this well adapted film . Having also read Kundera 's book I can say that the movie is just as sucessful in telling a wonderful story of love , politics and existence set in 60 's Prague . Binoche , Day-Lewis and Olin are fantastic .
 The video may not be available at present , but you can bring back memories of the scene in which Teresa snaps pictures of the Russian tanks . If you visit the Czech republic , or a Czech or Slovak internet CD distributor , look for the CD by Marta Kubisova entitled `` Songy y Balady '' . Then turn up the volume on the cover version of `` Hey Jude . '' It 's great , and back in press after an absence of a few years .
 One of the best movies in the last two decades of American cinematography.The way Western Europe was depicted , the influence of the Soviet Union over the politics in these countries and the attitude of common people towards this influence - speaking from personal experience - is perfectly correct . The characters , especially secondary ones , are very real without being boring or depressive . The screenplay is as well written as the book and definitely easier digested.If you like movies that are not easily forgotten the day after you 've seen them - try to get this one . You 'll have few laughs , few tears and new subject to discuss with your friends or at the next meeting of a local high-brow society .
 I have not seen this DVD -LRB- not released yet -RRB- but this is one of my all time favorite films . Philip Kaufman -LRB- who also directed `` The Right Stuff '' , `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' -LRB- remake -RRB- , and `` Henry and June '' -RRB- combines beautiful and erotic visuals with a compelling story of people caught up in the 1968 uprising in Czechoslavakia , and its aftermath.Wonderful performances by Juliette Binoche , Lena Olin , and Daniel Day-Lewis . Stands up well to repeated viewings . I have seen this in the theatre , on LaserDisc , and on the excellent Criterion DVD . Do n't watch it full screen -LRB- 4x3 -RRB- !!
 It 's difficult not to be nostalgic now about The Unbearable Lightness of Being . This was a world in which the Soviet Union was a fact of life for hundreds of millions of people and a particular kind of culture and way of life existed . In a strange way it 's initially an optimistic kind of world , and that 's appropriate for what is essentially an optimistic view of human nature and love . Other reviewers have covered the jist of the tale so I wo n't recount it here . Suffice it to say that the young Daniel Day-Lewis is excellent as the sexually magnetic Tomas ; equally important is the fact that the cinamatography is outstanding.The movie pivots around departures
 This movie is simply wonderful . The DVD is well transfered and comes in a plastic case .
 For those who want to understand how real life works , why people do what they do when they know it 's wrong and that anyone is capable of doing the wrong things -LRB- returning back to the oppressive regime -RRB- , `` The Unbearable Lightness of Being '' presents a rear opportunity to insight.I really would like to buy the tape , so when my children are older they could see the movie and may be value more the freedom this country -LRB- USA -RRB- gifts to its citizens ... If anyone knows how to buy the tape , please let me know -- it is out of production . -LRB- MailTo://Michael.Glik@IName.COM -RRB- Thanks .
 This film , is one of the best screenplays I have ever seen -LRB- and I seen many -RRB- . I had read the book before , and the film is just an extension of the beautiful superiority of the book.I particulary enjoyed the mixture of ` real ' footage of the occupation of Praque and the film footage . Very well done.The reason I 've only given this film 4 stars is because it did n't have a specific secene which I was looking forward to seeing.But the reast of the film definatly makes up for it.And by the way ... the director is the director of Quills .
 Well , I first saw this book , then I heard from my classmate that our university had this film , so I went to see it.I think this film is really worth seeing not only for the actor and the actresses but also for the content.And this week I went to see it for the second time and I was surprised to find that the fee for seeing this film is higher and the assistant told me that seeing this film is not so easy now because of the contents and our university intended to prohibit us from seeing but the assistant tried to persuade them not to prohibit this film . I think that the actress who played the role of Sabina is terrific . She played so really just like the image I supposed to be Sabina .
 This movie adaptation of Miles Kundera 's book , which I have n't read yet , is a lengthy and illuminating study on freedom versus captivity , strength versus weakness as seen in the interractions between a handsome womanizing surgeon , Tomas , his lover and the woman who understands him most , the artist Sabena , and a Tereza , bright young waitress Tomas meets after performing an operation at a spa-town . Tereza shows up in Prague and unlike his character , they get married , complete with a piglet wearing a necktie whose squeals cause them to giggle uncontrollably at the ceremonyThe movie is set during the Prague Spring , that brief shining moment when a liberal communism under Alexander Dubcek 's socialism with a human face , seems possible . To which Tomas mentions the ill-fated uprising in Hungary -LRB- 1956 -RRB- . Tomas himself contrasts King Oedipus to the Soviet leaders . Oedipus could n't bear the sight of what he had done to bring about the plagues in Thebes , so he plucked his own eyes out and left . The Soviet leaders though , were unlike Oedipus . Their defense at Stalin 's crimes after his death was `` We did n't know . '' Morality also changed since Oedipus . Tomas then says that the Soviet hardliners stayed in power when they should have plucked their eyes out . He writes an article to that effect , something that will cost him dearly later.At one point , the table and glasses rumble as Tomas and Tereza are arguing . An earthquake ? Tomas follows Tereza outside . The source of the tremor is then seen . Pushing its way aggressively down the alley towards them is the menacing shadow of a Soviet tank . Yes , it 's 20 August 1968 . A great highlight is when the picture turns to b & w ; portion during the demonstration in Wencesclas Square , soldiers atop tanks , people climbing on top of them , chants of `` Dubcek '' and `` svoboda '' , the fire of machine guns and people fleeing , bodies covered with Czech flags , with Tomas and Tereza in the thick of the action , marching , fleeing , or in Tereza 's case , snapping pictures like mad . The scene ends dramatically with a Soviet soldier warning her , pointing his pistol at her through the lens.Sabena , and later Tomas and Tereza flee for Geneva , but things do n't work out . All three journey again , the latter two back to Czechoslovakia , where under the reinforced hardliners under the thumb of Leonid Brezhnev and Gustav Husak , their part in the uprising becomes a liability.Sabena is compatible with Tomas 's sex opposed to love . She asks him , `` Are you only searching for pleasure or is every a woman a new hat whose secrets you want to discover ? '' She is sexually independent , strong-minded , and the mistress of her destiny . This is demonstrated when she meets Franz , a married lawyer , in Geneva . At a cafe , she comments on how music becomes noise , that even the plastic flowers are in a filled vase , and points to the building behind her as the `` uglification of the world . The only place we can find beauty is where its persecutors have overlooked it . It 's a planetary process , and I ca n't stand it . '' She becomes Franz 's lover , but when he leaves his wife to be with her , she fears for her freedom , realizes she has left one cage behind only to become prey to a different one . But ultimately , freedom leads to another cage , that of loneliness , and the lack of happiness.Tereza wants a monogamous relationship with Tomas , but finds esteem in doing something fulfilling , being a faithful wife who does her part . She ca n't adapt to Geneva so returns . In doing so , though , it 's back to political captivity , back to a totalitarian regime , but at a lower status . If freedom/loneliness does n't yield happiness , does that mean captivity and community yields it?Yes , there is quite a bit of sex and nudity here , but nothing gratuitous or pornographic . It 's more a tasteful erotica , i.e. the much ballyhooed scenes of Sabena and Tereza photographing each other . Sabena comes off as haunted , serene , grave , at times a twinkle of mischief in the photos.Lena Olin gives the strongest performance here , exuding a strong , enigmatic , sensuous aura as the sexually independent Sabena . She would 've been a strong candidate as an Oscar nominee . Praiase also to Juliette Binoche 's sweet , shy , sensitive , loving Tereza , the role that boosted her to the spotlight . Daniel Day-Lewis 's Tomas becomes more developed and human in the film 's second half . One of those memorable movies that makes one think in depth .
 Why do we commit to one another ? Do we really know ? Would a life of independence and detachment be better ? Both analytical and powerfully moving , this movie deals with these questions . At first seeming light and slightly intellectual , the movie evolves into something more felt than thought . The film shows what is going on without telling the viewer in words . This is a story about the nature of love in all its human forms . It is a heavy story that stays with you . Not for those not in touch with their inner self or who object to some tasteful nudity .
 This is a superb movie addressing a very important historical event . The actors are excellent and the photography is breathtaking at times . I would highly recommend this movie . I thought Binoche and Day-Lewis were at the top of their game . I find the movie did not truly plumb the depths of the horror perpetrated by the Soviets on the people of Czechoslovakia . It made it look like the people were exposed to some inconveniences in their daily schedule rather than having the most fundamental of human rights , freedom , torn from them as if their arms and legs were ripped off . I can understand why the author of the book did not allow his works to be adapted after this experience .
 The epic feature of a doctor against the oppressive tyranny of the Russians after the invasion of Praga in 1968 will work out as the big frame in order he decides to turn off the reality evading it through the love with two women who are each one complement of the another one . Sabine is somehow , the embodiment of the mature woman and Teresa is the sweet bird of youth whose charm will engage to Tomas who will realize he will not be able to live without the love of both of them.Notable adaptation , zealously depicted and best acted . The masterpiece of Philipe Kaufman .
 This movie poses the troubling question , `` Who is more attractive
 All people need love and acceptance , no matter what they say or how they try to achieve it . It is at most times , for most people unbearable to be ` who ' they are or to exist as they are . The characters in this film are very well developed and explored ; not only in what they say but also in what they do n't dare say . The director allows for that space in the film where we can see and feel the characters thoughts and sense their fears . There are so many wonderful scenes where Kaufman captures their innocence , their vulnerability and their cruelty of which they are unaware . As we witness all these human traits , we are suddenly taken into the sudden Communist attack on Czechoslovakia , which is the setting for this magnificent film
 In an Age of Communist Oppression , we see a side of Daniel Day-Lewis reminiscent of the lovable letch ` Newland ' in The Age of Innocence . Daniel plays perfectly a doctor living in Prague , who can not tolerate oppression-OR resist women , and both influences drive him to do the unimaginable . It 's amazing seeing two main rivals for his affections manage NOT to kill each other-as they pussyfoot around the painful truth . Lena Olin -LRB- Sabina -RRB- is the perfect seductress in her famous bowler hat-and one can easily love as well as hate her , as she tries to deceive the ever wise Tereza Tomas ' wife -LRB- Juliette Binoche -RRB- . Thumbs up to Tereza who acknowledges what Tomas can not - as she forces him to face his weakness-and their love provides a measure of redemption . Still , it 's Tomas ' decision to return to Prague that results in terrible consequences . If not for the needless eroticism , this would have been a 5 star movie .
 I could go on and on about the various aspects of quality in this film ... I will leave that for other reviewer 's of this film . I would just like to add it is a beautiful masterpiece , complete in every way . An experience of old cold war Czechoslovakian lovers ... there is tension , sadness , love scenes of high taste and quality throughout the film . Even a special few minutes when every woman watching the sequence on screen , would probably be a lesbian for the day . Its not about sex ... its all about living a full life and loving someone deeply ... buy this film and sit back and enjoy it ... bring a handkerchief along for the ending .
 Historically true setting , fine artistic licence , a young doctor in Prague and his life and loves . A true classic with two wonderful actors .
 One of the best movies ever made in every category . Very rare , a delight , and a true standard of film making excellence . Noting else needs to be said .
 I 've probably watched a thousand movies over more decades than I wish to acknowledge . Of these many films , two outshine all the rest -LRB- though for very different reasons -RRB-
 I do n't know what Kundera was trying to say in his book , and reading all the reviews others have written I am persuaded we are like the blind -LRB- wo -RRB- men and the elephant . Each has his or her own interpretation . I did n't like Kundera 's book , I found it silly , disjointed , and boastful . Perhaps I could find some meaning in it if I set my mind to the task . I 'm pretty good at assigning meaning when there is none . Perhaps the book suffered in translation . Perhaps one had to experience the coffee houses of Prague during the spring to understand.Philip Kaufman 's film THE UNBEARABLE LIGHTNESS OF BEING is wonderful and awfully sad . The film is wonderful because of the three main actors
 Phillip Kaufman reached an artistic pinnacle with this elegant translation of Milan Kundera 's book about the 1968 Czechoslovokian crisis . Daniel Day-Lewis plays Tomas , a physician , whose life consists in seducing women , one of whom - an artist Sabina -LRB- Lena Olin -RRB- - is his sexual and spiritual soulmate . Into his life comes another woman , Terezina , -LRB- Juliette Binoche -RRB- who demands more of a committment to her than he will permit to any woman including Sabina . His crisis between the carefree artist and the more demanding Terezina mirrors the crisis of Czechoslovokia between the `` liberation '' of the Prague Spring and the Soviet repression of August 1968 although neither Kauffman nor Kundera crudely makes Sabina represent the one nor Terezina the other . Although these characters may lead apparently amoral lives , the film and novel are all about the moral consequences of their choices . Many American critics , similar to the one who provided the first customer review , feel that Kaufmann has simply made a piece of arty Euro-lite soft-core
 Now this is a movie!Perhaps the most amazing thing about this film is that an American directed it . It feels so European , and not faux-European -- it needs to be done this way . Or perhaps it 's really not so surprising , on second thought . I 've long observed how European or Europe-born directors make the best American films -LRB- Louis Malle with Atlantic City , Roman Polanski with Chinatown , even Paul Mazursky with Moscow on the Hudson -RRB- , so why not the reverse?At any rate , after making a somewhat cynical American movie -LRB- The Right Stuff -RRB- , Kaufman reinvented himself as his exact polar opposite , directing this relatively innocent film about the `` Prague Spring '' and the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia . I say `` innocent '' even though the film is best remembered -LRB- in Puritan America at least -RRB- for the explicit sex scenes that , to me , are not shocking and are not even the first thing -LRB- or second , or third -RRB- to come to mind when I think of this marvelous film . Instead I remember Sabina 's hat , the quiet moments between her and Tomas , and the feeling pervading the film that life is fleeting , happiness elusive , and life-altering changes lurk around every corner . Instead I marvel at how the film manages to * suggest * the existential novel it came from , even though Kaufman chose not to try to adapt the huge existential portions of Kundera 's book . This is a movie about time and place , and indentity , or lack of it ; about commitment , about how heavy life seems or does n't seem dependant upon the government you are stuck with . This is a movie about freedom , who can handle it , and who ca n't . This is a movie about courage , who has it and who does n't , and I do n't mean just the people who stood up on the tanks . Recall that the young and very verbal doctor who was most enthusiastic about Tomas publishing his article is quickest to turn tail and embrace the communists after the invasion.Most of all this is a movie that realizes you do n't have to have a linear plot to create great film -- on the contrary , film embraces such nonlinear story-telling . At the same time , Kaufman never feels compelled to venture into surrealism or symbolism . -LRB- He did consider it for the ending , as he reveals on the commentary track . -RRB- For some reason all this , and a genuine ignorance of Czech culture and history , has made this film a little tough for many American critics and viewers to swallow . They give it polite , superficial praise , but reading between the lines we get the feeling some of them are saying `` What 's it * really * about , beyond great sex ? `` Both Daniel Day Lewis and Lena Olin are excellent , and of course Olin 's performance has received much attention and commentary because of her high-octane sex scenes -LRB- though comparisons to Last Tango seem wrong to me ; LT was very cynical in is treatment of male-female relationships , whereas what makes this film work so well is the fact that it 's rather innocent in that way -RRB- . But the real standout -- one of the greatest performances I 've ever seen on a movie screen -- belongs to Juliette Binoche . Her Tereza is attractive but gawky , poised by awkward , shy yet take-charge when it 's needed . She is meek around Tomas yet grabs her camera and runs fearlessly into danger when the Russians invade . Binoche 's performance is so astonishing we can reconcile these contradictions and in fact do n't even question them . That she was never Oscar-nominated is astonishing . -LRB- This film received a grand total of two nominations and no awards -- proof , if it was needed , that the Academy is retarded , considering such second-rate films as The Accidental Tourist and Rain Man took home big trophies . -RRB- Criterion 's DVD is very fine , though a little short on extras . -LRB- Not even a trailer ! -RRB- There are , however , fascinating commentaries by Kaufman , screenwriter Jean-Claude Carriere , Lena Olin and others . I would have liked a `` Making of '' featurette too , but that 's because I 'm greedy . The picture is dark and solid as you 'd expect from cinematographer Sven Nykvist , although on a large-screen TV you see more scratches and dust than maybe should be in such an important release . The sound very good if not THX-caliber , but this film does n't need it.Yet another film on my favorites list that no one would dare make today . Recently this has been reissued on a double-DVD set . I have n't seen the new incarnation , but I understand from reviews the movie is * split over two discs . * While the film is longish , it can fit on one disc , as it does here . Also , the new documentary apparently contains comments from mostly the same people who are on the commentary track , so the material largely duplicates said track . Also the commentary track on the new edition is reportedly exactly the same as this Criterion edition . Given all that , I see no compelling reason to buy the new version , but I do wish someone would put out a definitive and richly detailed DVD of ULoB -LRB- how about some commentary from author Kundera ? -RRB- someday .
 I was deeply disappointed when i went through several viewer reviews . This movie is not about love and desire and etc as was commonly stated in most of the reviews . It is about BEING , EXISTANCE , CHOICES AND COINCIDENCES . This movie is based entirely upon the statement ` Einmal ist Keinmal ' . The ` unbearable lightness of being ' refers to the one and only one single opportunity of a human being to make choices and bear the consequences , since it is not possible to turn back the clock and make a different choice and see the consequences . It is also discussed in the movie , that it is coincidences that guide our lives rather than our evaluations of the situations and our actions -LRB- decisions -RRB- taken upon our evaluations.This movie is the best movie i have seen in my whole life , therefore i could not keep silent against the fact that this marvellous piece of work has been misinterpreted by many and hence has been enjoyed to an extent far less than possible.If you havent seen it yet ...
 This review refers to the MGM DVD edition of `` The Unbearable Lightness of Being '' ... `` The Unbearable Lightness of Being '' is a cinematic experience that will move you in many ways . The thrill of romance , the heartfelt friendships , the tension of Russian tanks rolling through Prague in 1968 and the passion of a people to take control of their own lives are all a big part of this wonderful film . It is beautifully filmed , with a hypnotizing screenplay , and a tremendous cast that fully capture the essence of each of the wonderful characters they portray.It stars Daniel Day-Lewis , as Tomas , a renowned brain surgeon in Czechoslovakia -LRB- also renowned for his charms that no woman can resist -RRB- whose love for two very different women , creates a unique bonding and passionate love triangle between the three.He can never forget the beautiful and seductive Sabina -LRB- Lena Olin -RRB- , who seems to know him better than any other , and yet he can not resist the charms of his wide-eyed and childlike but serious bride , Tereza -LRB- Juliette Binoche -RRB- . But when politcal upheaval , interupts his perfect life , they must flee the country , where Tereza finds she can not continue the lightness of life that Tomas has carved out for them . He must choose now , a decision that may have him sacrificing all in the name of love.A nearly three hours , there is not a frame in this excellent piece of filmmaking that I would change . With each view I fall more in love with it and always come away completly moved . It is Directed by Philip Kaufman -LRB- `` Quills '' / `` The Right Stuff '' -RRB- and includes Donald Moffat and Stellan Skarsgard in the wonderful cast.The music adds the perfect feel to the rollar coaster of emotions in the story and the photography is outstanding.This DVD by MGM is a nice transfer . The picture and colors are very good and it is presented in the theatrical release format of 1.85:1 . The sound is superb in DD 5.1 . It surrounds the room and every detail is clear and distinguishable . -LRB- The Criterion edition is in 2.0 -RRB- Not much in the way of bonus features though , if that is what you are looking for . There is a theatrical trailer and it may be viewed with subtitles in English , French or Spanish . At this time I notice that Amazon is out of stock , and the merchants have some , but at very high prices . This DVD is not hard to come by . I found it at my neighborhood video store at the sugg . retail price -LRB- about half of what the sellers are asking for -RRB- . This is a film to be enjoyed many times over by anyone who enjoys , romance , drama , a little comedy , and fine filmmaking . It is however rated R for nudity and explicit love scenes.also available for region 2 viewers : Unbearable Lightness of Being -LSB- NON-USA FORMAT , PAL , Reg .2 Import - Netherlands -RSB- Get ready for a moving experience and enjoy ... Lauriealso recommended : Les Choses De La Vie -LRB- Original French Title -RRB- -LRB- original french screenplay of the more recent american update of `` intersection `` and for fans of Binoche : A Couch in New York
 If you 've read the book you wo n't be disappointed with this film which does n't try to convey all Kundera 's philosophy but it does retain the spirit of the book . Really the book had what some considered to be too much philosophy in it which got in the way of the story which was not Kunderas main concern anyway as his characters were just actors he used to elucidate his ideas . For Kaufman the real heart of the book was not in its ideas but in the way Tomas and Tereza relate and how that relationship evolves within a very specific historical circumstance , the Russian occupation of Prague in 68 . That moment in time is really brought to life both in the cafes as we hear a Czech . version of `` Hey Jude '' being played and in the streets when the actual invasion takes place at which point hand held black and white cameras are used to give an on the spot feel to it.When we first meet Tomas -LRB- Daniel Day Lewis -RRB- he is involved with Sabina -LRB- Lena Olin -RRB- and what they share is an almost religious belief in the erotic and an equalllly strong belief in retaining their individuality and frredom . On a visit to a spa in the country to perform an operation however Tomas comes across the innocent waitress Tereza -LRB- Juliette Binoche -RRB- and his life after that is never quite the same . Sabina resents the intrusion at first but soon she and Tereza are friends , in fact the moment they become friends on a rainy afternoon taking pictures of each other is one of the best scenes in the movie . A lot is made of the historical happenings and how they affect each characters personal life . I found it a little hard to believe that they would willingly return to Prague under communist rule after they had made their escape to Zurich but you may feel differently . The use of the terms `` lightness '' and `` weight '' that so often appeared in the book always seemed to my ears rather vague , the movie gratefully only employs those terms on rare occasion . The last scenes in the countryside are some of the most beautiful cinematography I have seen , quite memorable images evoking the really valuable things in life.Certainly one of the best adaptations of a novel .
 This is one of my favorite movies . Philip Kaufman did an excellent job of translating the novel into film , and the acting is top-notch as well . The performances are strong , and some of the more philosophical elements of the novel are incorporated without creating the awkwardness that might have resulted in the hands of a less-capable director.The biggest surprise was the strong European feel of the film . -LRB- Yes , the film was set in Europe - specifically , Prague and Geneva - but American movies shot on location are usually still identifiably American . -RRB- The film 's portrayal of the sexual relationships in the story is remarkably mature - not something you 'd expect from an American film.The quality of the DVD transfer is vastly superior to the laserdisc . It was particularly gratifying to be able to watch the film in one sitting , without interruptions , and without having to change discs halfway through . The additional commentary is good , though the commentary from the wonderful Lena Olin seems slightly out of place amongst the more technical commentary of Philip Kaufman and the others involved.The only drawback to this particular edition is the sound . While the sound quality is excellent , the volume is markedly quieter than that of the other DVDs I 've bought so far .
 Wow ... unbelievable that someone could give this movie 1 star . You would either have to be clinically dead or so engulfed in film-critique snobbery and technical objectivism -LRB- ah , we Americans are so mesmerized by that European chic and intrigue are n't we ! -RRB- to not be moved by this film . For those who ca n't handle the erotic overtones , the `` shallowness '' -LRB- I completely disagree here -RRB- or ca n't get around Tomas ' womanizing -- it 's your loss . The emotions in this movie are far from shallow , it 's just that this film refuses to be blatant about them in a typical Hollywood tug-at-your-heartstrings fashion . While the dialogue may seem cold and distant at times , the character 's facial expressions -LRB- be they blank or not -RRB- always manage to betray their innermost thoughts and vulnerabilities.Of course , this movie will appear slow and drawn out to anyone not accustomed to anything but `` Armadeggon '' and `` Sleepless in Seattle '' , but I never found it dull . This is one of the most beautiful , human films I 've ever come to know .
 I feel i should write something because the previous review is very misleading and spiteful . I always find it bizarre when people write a review of a film and say `` nothing much happened '' . Well , did you watch the film ? A lot happened ! The Soviets invaded Czechoslovakia for one thing ! The previous reviewer calls the movie self-important . It is no more self-important than the review you wrote , sir . And if it is , I think that tends to happen naturally when a conglomeration of hugely talented filmmakers tackle epic material ; it is gorgeously lensed by the greatest cinematographer of all time Sven Nykvist , the performances are peerless , the script is utterly compelling at all times , and the direction proved Kaufman to be a master . I do n't find the film pretentious because i found the story so involving . I was watching characters not dry literary symbols . I personally believe something is pretentious only if you dont understand it . As for the cactus being a phallic symbol , it looks a phallus , so what ? Whats your point ? As for the title , my mother , who is Slavic and was living in Poland during the 1968 invasion , agrees that Teresa explains it best in the film
 Do yourself a favor and read Kundera 's book to fully appreciate the nuances of this movie , things like what `` lightness '' stood for -LRB- freedom of self and sexual expression -RRB- . With such liberties staunchly repressed under the dictat of the former Soviet Union , sexual expression becomes a cry for freedom within itself . The movie is erotic , yes , but it carries a whiff of mischief rather than being purposeless , gratuitous `` softporn '' as some reviewers lament.Daniel Day-Lewis is pretty decent as Tomas , toggling between a brain surgeon and a Lothario . His performance is disciplined and understated as events overtake Tomas 's ability to control his destiny . He has an arrangement with Sabina -LRB- Lena Olin -RRB- , a sculptor who also can find no place for love without freedom in her life . Their relationship is based upon friendship and convenience . Their lovemaking is passionate but not empty or cold . If there is love , it is left unspoken.Kaufman uses this relationship as the foundation of the movie with most of the dynamic being centered upon the naive country girl -LRB- a very fresh and intriguing Juliette Binoche -RRB- who rebels against the crushing of the Prague Spring by photographing the brutality.The trio escape to Switzerland . Geneva then plays a major role in this film as being emblematic of an alternative freedom ; a freedom that feels heavy with responsibility . Maybe , within western democracy , when everybody has a voice , then the individual can no longer be heard . Maybe , if there are no small victories , then there is no true lightness . Their freedom can only be felt within context.Finally , Thomas and Tereza return home to a Soviet Prague . Again , via censure , the communists provide the answer.Sabina finds a beach side property in California , opting for bland airbrushed seascapes . She lives alone . Her spirit has been quelled by the freedom that surrounds her.This is truly a beautiful European film , perhaps not too palatable to Hollywood-tainted tastes . Despite its length -LRB- which does tend to drag a little -RRB- and its erotic texture , I believe it follows its own moral vein.A thought provoking dash of cinema , highly recommended for any connoisseur 's collections !
 The unbearable lightness of being is the ability to give your body without becomimg emotionally involved . This is no problem for the hero of this film , but it is a wrenching experience for the heroine , who believes in emotional and physical fidelity to her mate , and can not change her feelings . This film explores the difference between the two , and the pain that one causes the other by his `` lightness of being '' . Towards the end the movie becomes a tearjerker , so be ready to cry your eyes out .
 I have spent a good part of my life surrounded by people w/low body fat and good reasoning skills , although who among us always used disgression , especially when it comes to matters of the heart . We may use it one minute to discover some divine truth ... next minute we rationalize a decision to satify an ego need.Is this highbrow ? The ability to articulate does not a saint make . Besides , any discussion of morality is purely relative -LRB- Why do n't people understand this - their is no `` right '' or `` wrong '' there is however acting in accordance w/spiritual law and not -RRB- People w / the guts to live life and share their experience w/others are fascinating . Beats sitting out in a salt flat wishing I did not subvert all my drives into cravings for doughnuts.READ THE TITLE !!! Life is so wonderfully simple ... but so damn hard to do ! This movie is about simply `` being '' . Being human . The depth of the characters draws you in . They draw you in because they act on there `` human '' impulses not because they are georgeous . Not being familiar w / the time or place of the movie , it just kinda washed over me but kept me riveted the whole time.Some lives are simple and boring like those in Salt Lake City or those of the waitress character . Through circumstance lives do change and life can become adventurous and exciting . It 's all part of being human . It does not make one person better than another.This movie takes you through the lives and interactions of 3 people -LRB- compellingly -RRB- . That is it !! What truly brings this movie together is the final scene . The beautiful simplicity of a perfect evening spent w/wonderful friends . They were so engrossed in `` Being '' ... This is hard to articulate.The feeling I got after the final scene was crushing and then it was all clear . The simple beauty in `` I 've never been so happy '' ... then * BOOM * ... Everyone who has seen this remembers exactly what they were doing at the time ... am I right ? . . like as if that was the realization that these 2 soulmates had incarnated to experience and then they could be freed from this life . Gorgeously painful . My heart compressed and then burst open . I wailed in anguish . I realized myself lost I become in the details of life and I was ashamed for overlooking what I felt at that moment , the true essence . This scene is truly sublime.They had done all this living but had allowed themselves to become distracted from the point of it all . Fantastic ending ... perfect.We really do take life too seriously people . We are so busy analyzing it and expecting things that we overlook the magic that it is to just be alive . The Unbearable Lightness is divinely inspired . Pray for those who get lost in the details ... this movie will surely be lost on them .
 This is a wonderful , wonderful film - one of my top ten favorites of all time . The writing , the action , the direction are all world-class . The Criterion DVD is a beautiful presentation of this masterpiece .
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . One question . A previous reviewer said do n't buy the DVD because it was missing scenes . Was he refering to the Criterion Collection version ?
 Often thought to be dated for today 's young audiences , Phillip Kaufman 's masterpiece still stands the test of time , telling the tale of a philandering man looking past the pleasure he has always sought after to ponder the joys of monogamy . Artfully directed , subtly infectious , this movie will stick with you for years afterward . Brilliant performances by Daniel Day Lewis , Lena Olin and Juliette Binoche .
 What is the difference between sex and love ? There are many reviews that detail , in an equisite fashion , the story , the actors and information about the movie . But this is the general question.Can men sleep with multiple partners but love only one woman ? This is like the Madonna/Whore syndrome . Teresa was the Madonna , the only man she ever slept with was Tomas . Then there was Sabina - she was Tomas ' lover before and after his marriage to Teresa . But Sabina and Tomas were alike , irrespective of their gender differences.There is one scene which took place when Tomas , Teresa and Sabina became ex-patriates in Switzerland . Teresa came to Sabina 's studio/home . Teresa became sensitized to the fact that Tomas had been with Sabina - while Teresa is taking pictures of Sabina , tears roll down Teresa 's face . Sabina takes the camera and starts taking pictures of Teresa . She makes Teresa take off her clothes . Eventually they end up on the floor - if Sabina 's Swiss lover had not come in , I think that Sabina would have made love to Teresa in a soft , gentle way . But the innocent Teresa jumped up , naked , to run away as she became aware of her nakedness.I like movies about human nature and interactions . This movie pulls one into a story and makes one forget their surroundings . I feel that is a mark of a good storymaker .
 This film is by far one of the best ever produced
 `` The movie is never as good as the book '' - how many times have we read or heard this phrase ? True , it is almost impossible to find a movie that resembles so much to the book in every detail and in addition is able to promote and bring the same feelings , ideas and messages . However , in this case the movie follows the greatness of the book and I am finally able to say that . The lines that are drawn in the book which captures different angles of the character 's life , are very well interpreted and portrayed in the movie . It is a very long movie , but there is always a reason behind it . It is impossible to understand the message of the book , without capturing every story , analyzing it and break it down into details . I do n't know much of Philip Kauffman 's career , but I have read the book and I have seen the movie many times , and I can assure you that the movie has achieved it 's goal . Daniel Day-Louis is superb because he has portrayed its character-Tomaz so unbelievebly well . Tomaz , the famous and respected neurosurgeoun which is part of the high intellectual class in Prague , ends up becoming a janitor cleaning windows and later on a farmer . This is how light life is , our exsitence as human beings . Is it for love , due to political circumstances at the time or just living reality to the fullest ? And realizing how light our life is , we try in any way to make it more meaningful without realizing that it can be so , only if we want it to be so . Juliette Binoche -LRB- French -RRB- and Lena Olin -LRB- Swedish -RRB- are incredible and amazing . The characters are terribly hard to interpret , yet they reached the character 's uniqueness and gave a great performance . It is a movie on life and how we live it . A great movie with a special European Cinema touch . If you have never seen the movie , please do watch it because you are missing a good lesson on life understanding . I assure you that you will be fulfilled and maybe ready to start reading the book right after watching the movie .
 This is a story about all kinds of love and the ways those loves shape our lives.Love of other human beings , country , freedom , natural beauty , animals -- they 're all a part of this emotional experience.Yet we share the feelings naturally , the story does n't seem contrived or preachy.The movie may be a little long , but even the scenery and the use of black and white footage are done well.The use of nonverbal communication by the lead actors is as good as any I have ever seen.Olin and Binoche are incredible!There 's plenty to think about in this film -- see it !
 i knew nothing of what was going to be seen then a was amazed to see this story of great bliss
 A wonderful drama of the unfolding of two lives ... Read the book , too . Not for the shallow-minded .
 Heya - very speedy delivery thanks!The dvd works fine in a portable dvd player - but for some reason , disc 1 wont play in my Mac Powerbook ?! I think its because there is a slight edge on 1/3 of the disc - and my computer is to sensitive to allow it to play , oh well ... Thanks heaps!tams xo
 There are so many great reviews here that spell out in detail what this film covers that I will not take that approach . Instead , I wish to say that I never thought I would particularly care for this film ; thought it was probably just another excuse for nudity and would be in poor taste . This is definitely a misconception ... This film is absolutely beautiful . I was never offended in any way about anything that was depicted in it and believe every scene necessary to show the pattern of the times they portray and the characters as the individuals they were supposed to be . I did find the sequence of the two women posing for each other a little strange . The camera shots of the constant eye movement reminded me of the movie `` Once Upon A Time In The West '' . But the use of real film footage , especially that of the Soviet invasion , is excellent and I love the extra feature offered of the film portrayed with commentary . You learn so much about the history and the desire of those producing the film and what they are trying to convey as well as what they went through to be able to offer this film to us . You will notice that many of the reviews here are pretty lengthy . That is because this is truly a very thought-provoking film . I feel silly at this point to mention it , but there are several reviews here that question -LRB- out of all that is presented here -RRB- the hair under the armpit . I was told this was a very common practice in the European countries . I do n't know if it still is or not , but many Europeans found it very natural and quite arousing as part of their sexual foreplay . They thought it ridiculous that we Americans felt the need to shave it . On my first visit to Europe , I was very young , but noticed this feature about women many times and thought it `` icky '' . Then I questoned it and was informed as I mentioned above . However , I still find this unattractive but ca n't totally figure out why.If you think you are a little prudish and wo n't like this film , think again . Please do yourself a favor and watch this fantastic , erotic film . It is about so much more than just sex . I love this cast . Their talent is phenomenal . The women are beautiful of course , but Day-Lewis exudes a sensuality that makes his character a believably charming womanizer who , nevertheless , adores his wife . I 'm so glad I bought this film . I 've watched it many times and will continue to do so . It 's hard to imagine that a young , brilliant brain surgeon should be reduced to washing windows because he would not sign statements condoning the communistic philosophy . We are so fortunate to live in this country even with all the faults we are told about every day . Thank God for our Freedom and our wonderful men and women who have fought to keep it for us .
 I did n't get this the first time I saw it , so I turned to Kundera 's novel . This led me to the great adventure of all of Kundera 's work , and he quickly became one of my favorite writers . I rewatched this again recently and was much more impressed this time around . Day-Lewis is perfect as Tomas , the sardonic Lothario . Olin is blood-boiling as Sabina , the incarnation of freedom . And Binoche is captivating as Terersa , the woman for whom Tomas gives up everything . This a stirring , heartbreaking movie . The only problem is that it lacks Kundera 's inimitable * voice * , the witty , erudite mini-essays he uses to iluustrate his philosophical points . Kaufman tries to recapitulate that voice in one or two lines of dialogue , but is does n't work as well . By all means , see this fine film . But do n't miss Kundera 's original classic .
 Many of us know people -LRB- or are those people ourselves -RRB- who move through life lightly , never taking too much too seriously . This film explores what happens when people treat each other lightly , when there is an imbalance of attachment between people , when couples ' definitions -LRB- of love , sex , commitment , etc. -RRB- are unequal
 A glorious acheivment in the history of American Film . Passionately directed and gorgeously photographed , with impeccable acting from Day-Lewis , Binoche and Olin . `` Unbearable '' will linger in your head for weeks after watching it . And it 's one of the few movies to use animal death in a non-cheap fashion
 Tomas takes life with ` light ' laughter and skirt chasing , rarely serious about anything -- except the pursuit of women . But even this womanizing is his method of sticking it to the man ; the statist , mind-numbing communist leadership . In this regard , making love is a form of protest . He also can not sustain this lightness and leaves Geneva to go back to the Communist dominated Prague -LRB- Post Prague Spring -RRB- . And yet he sticks to his inner code , will not sign a confession to regain his medical post , and ends up wahing windows in Prague , while remaining true -LRB- in his own special way -RRB- to his love . No matter how battered and sad his world becomes , Tomas laughs at the little things in life , never forgets to marvel at the beauty of it all -- and how fast it all passes by .
 If you have n't seen this movie , do yourself a big favor
 I 've seen nothing like it . The supreme and rich acting of Binoche and the abstract cinematography and direction manage to distance the viewers in such a way from the everyday noise of a thousand feelings , enabling the viewers to taste and sense all the emotion and ideas of the characters and the era with a vividness only accesible in dreams .
 I was not expecting to see such a moving picture . Great story , multilayered character , master direction , great performance by three leads , and fantastic cinematography . Like ` once upon a time in America ' , ` braeking the waves ' , to name a few , this movie will haunt you weeks , months , after you finish watching it . After watching it numerous times , this has become one of my all time favorites , which , besides the two named movies above , include ` casablanca ' , ` gone with the wind ' , and some of Fellini , Bergman 's best achievements.BTW , how can Philip Kaufman made ` the right stuff ' , ` the unbearable lightness of being ' ` Henry and June ' , and then became a total disappointment in the 90s ?
 Having read several of the more negative reviews about Philip Kaufman 's masterpiece -LRB- even better than his more popular but engaging `` The Right Stuff '' -RRB- I wonder WHY people with little intelligence bother to watch this film ! Certainly , it takes some concentration , intelligence , and intellectual curiosity to enable enjoyment of this remarkable story , virtues these negative `` reviewers '' obviously do n't possess . This is a great film , beautifully and sensitively acted , written , directed , and photographed . Everything about it glows with the talents of cinematic artists who know how to deliver a magnificant entertainment that not only allows the viewer to feel deeply , but also to ponder deep questions about politics as well as human relationships . And by the way , I 'm not against negative or even hostile reviews of movies , or anything for that matter , but I do ask that those who give such reviews first know what they are talking about and have some degree of intelligence to enable what they are saying to have some credibility . Otherwise , keep your idiotic opinions to yourselves and save others the bother of reading tripe .
 Based on Milan Kundera 's heady novel , Kaufman 's steamy , intelligent film about a playboy doctor who wishes to live without the burden of commitments -- to people or ideologies -- was the kind of arthouse film that Americans flocked to in droves . It 's not hard to see why
 forget aesthetics . if sex is n't the point oft this is a movie , than there is no point. , lena olin is one of the most seductive women ever filmed . .
 I saw the film 4 times -LRB- may be 5 times -RRB- on big screen when it first came out . It is so beautiful ! It is different , but as good as the book . I LOVE IT , as much , but different , as Godfather part 2 . I will buy the blue ray version as soon as it comes out .
 I first watched this film when it came out in 1988 . The ease with which it depicted sexual relationships was perhaps different than any film I had seen up until then . The irony of the film 's title incorporates this attitude , contrasting it with the `` heaviness '' of everything else that life throws at you . Its message is perhaps -LRB- I 'm guessing -RRB- that even when we are happy , and life is refreshingly ` easy , ' we tend to gravitate to that which will undo this , that which will put us into turmoil and confrontation ; we simply ca n't bear to be happy for too long , for fear that the happiness itself will turn against us , never to be experienced again.As for the film itself , it 's very good . Daniel Day Lewis , Juliette Binoche , and Lena Olin -LRB- wow ! -RRB- are incredible . What they do between lines is a lesson in fine acting.Why four stars ? Although I thought the acting was first-rate , the characters and the plot were just very good -- not inspiringly great .
 Philip and Rose Kaufman scored big with this ren dering of the Kundera novel about life and death in Communist Czechoslovakia in the year of the brutal Soviet crackdown . A womanizing physician , an artist/sophisticate and a country girl-ingenue in a tantalizing , ribald , hilarious and finally tragic love triangle against a background of war and oppression . Good story with multiple messages for all of us .
 This an absolutely beautiful movie equal to the extraordinary book . Although touted as `` sexual '' in nature this magnificent film is about life and struggles.Inspiring & uplifting . . a reminder of the truly important things in life .
 Based faithfully on the book by Milan Kundera , a non-political Lothario doctor in Prague in 1968 comes to grips with two things in his life
 What can I say about this movie ? That it 's the tragic story of a love triangle ? That it 's a story about moral redemption ? That it 's an existentialist discourse on being and happiness ? Yes it is all those things , and others have said plenty along those lines . But it really makes the film sound a lot more boring than it actually is , for this is one of those rare films where you actually become interested in , and sometimes are even moved by , the fate of the characters.At 170 minutes the film is long , but never tedious . Those of you who really hate long films can watch this in 2 sittings - the sequence dealing with the Soviet invasion of Prague is the natural divider . -LRB- BTW I was quite impressed by how seamlessly the main characters were weaved into actual documentary footages . -RRB- The story is intense , but not ponderous . The plot unfolds at a leisurely pace allowing the viewer to soak in the stunning imageries , while the story was engrossing enough to make you forget the passage of time . The acting , btw , was superb . Juliet Binoche really shines in this one though I did n't find her other roles that memorable . Daniel Day-Lewis allegedly suffered a nervous breakdown after making this film , although you ca n't tell from his stolidly understated performance.This is a deep film , and not just because somebody compared Brezhnev to Oedipus Rex . Charges of `` shallowness '' really say more about the viewer than the film . It does not wear its depth on its sleeves and does not pound its `` message '' into you with a 2X4 . But it lingers in the back of your mind and makes you think twice at the odd moment.Finally , labels such as `` pseudo-intellectual '' should n't be chugged around like a grenade . I do n't feel any less intellectual just because you call me `` pseudo '' ...
 I 've always felt it is a mistake to compare a film adaptation to its literary counterpart . The Unbearable Lightness of Being , as a novel , is hugely significant and wonderful . As a film , it is not necessarily true to the book and that is solely because as a film it is not capable of being true to the book . I would compare making a movie out of Milan Kundera 's novel to making a video game out of the Godfather or Pulp Fiction . If that was done we run into issues like forgetting to include the priorities of game play , or simply cashing in on the success of the film . With the Unbearable Lightness of Being , there are inevitably going to be lovers of the book waiting to attack the film , and that has happened . Of course it prioritizes itself efficiently as a cinematic experience , while at the same time it makes for about as good an adaptation of the novel as you can possibly get . It was n't a filmable story to begin with and even Kundera came forward and said that , but he also consulted the writers of the screenplay . So comparisons between the film and novel are in my opinion pointless but also inescapable . I 've already made them myself.I 'm not going to summarize the whole film for you as that would probably be too long-winded and could potentially spoil the story . I 'll introduce the characters , place them in a setting and then say go ... and then you can add this to your shopping cart , proceed to check out , and then a few days later press play . The film takes place in Prague in 1968 just after Alexander Dubcek lead the Prague Spring advancement . Soon after that the characters suffer through further reform following the eventual invasion of the Soviets and the Warsaw Pact . The film opens with two characters who are lighthearted and carefree lovers . Tomas is a surgeon and womanizer who lives life as though sex and love are two very different things . Sabina is an artist who , in the eyes of Tomas , embodies sex . Tomas soon meets the more heavyhearted Thereza , a waitress and aspiring photographer , who embodies innocence . They are opposites but soon Thereza will also embody love in the eyes of Tomas.The characters in The Unbearable Lightness of Being evolve wonderfully in a significant and chaotic backdrop , but they never steer from their passions . It is layered as not only a romance , but also as a story about rebellion , and as an erotic dance ; but ultimately it is an existential story . A few of these points are strengths only realized if the book is read first . Not that I 'd definitely recommend doing that if you have n't already , as the book does stand higher in it 's own medium than the film does and you may be setting yourself up for disappointment . Some of the deeper messages are unquestionably somewhat muted in the film.Again though , judged solely as a cinematic narrative , Director Phillip Kauffman makes The Unbearable Lightness of Being a beautiful movie and delves deeply enough into these characters and their world that he manages to capture some of Kundera 's vision , while adding his own motion picture flare . I 'm conflicted as to whether this movie should be celebrated as a triumph in terms of Kundera 's novel , but I 'm not conflicted in the least as to whether or not this is a great movie all by itself .
 To the reviewer that said he 'd rather watch an episode of ` Happy Days ' to this great film perhaps should do just that , as this film is obviously out of his league . It did n't have the slapstick comedy , grim violence or juvenile one-liners that characterize most of what passes as entertainment.Having lived many years in Eastern Europe , with it 's intellectual standards it 's hard to believe that this is an American film . It is a masterpiece . The more subtle is becomes , the more passions are evident . It is a story within a story withing a storym , and maybe too much for many to appreciate for it 's deep texture and vibrant characterization.Well written , excellent acting , superb photography . This one grows on you . I ' e watched it three times -LRB- not for the sex scenes , which are mature themes , but tasteful -RRB- . Having had a Soviet rifle pointed into my face , I can understand that courage and patriotism the Czechs expressed in 1968 and their feeing of being alone at that time.Bravo , this is one of the best films of the last century .
 The movie and book are almost two completely different works of art.The book - a philosophical and at times clinical look at relationships - Kundera 's commentaries distancing you from the characters and storyline.The movie on the other hand draws you in from the very start - falling in love w / Tereza and Tomas - they become a part of you - it just draws me in over and over again . It 's amazing that in Tomas ' infidelity and impureness - such a pure and beautiful relationship springs.I wish I could get more people to give this movie a viewing . Every time I watch it , it touches my life in a way so few movies do .
 This is such < insert any positive adjective > movie . This movie began an unwavering appreciation for Juilette Binoche , who plays a simple country girl , that adores the dashing Doctor played by Daniel Day Lewis , but who throughout the movie slowly matures into the stronger and more powerful of the two . It is set in the communist Czeck republic , during the tumuletous 60s , which saw uprisings put down by Soviet tanks and military . The backdrop is perfect for a love story , thier problems as a couple gain perspective next to the prospects going on , they both support the cause , and pay the price of being dissadents , which brings them closer together . It has a completley epic feel . It describes a couple , thier circle , the Country , politics and time perfectly . I do n't want to give anything away . It is long , but if you like you will think it ends to soon . It bitter sweet and melencholy , but it is so well written I can not imagine you wont appreciate it . The characters are more real on film than they ever would be life . I will always love this movie . I highly recommend it .
 `` The Unbearable Lightness of Being '' is a film from 1988 made by director Phillip Kaufman that caught my attention at a store due to it 's unusual title . The film was in the new release section due to the recent two-disc special edition and the film 's title stuck in my head for a couple of weeks and I finally decided to rent it . After reading the synopsis and seeing the actors that were in it , I knew I would like it ... I was unaware , however , of just how much I would like it . This movie is n't really my kind of movie . I like independent films and watch them quite a bit , but as far as plot and everything this is n't my ideal film . To give you a quick example , my favorite movie is `` Pulp Fiction '' and some movies appearing in my top 30 would be -LRB- not in this order -RRB- American Beauty , Crash , Million Dollar Baby , and Blue Velvet . But , after just a few minutes shy of three hours after I began this movie I was amazed . This movie transfixed me , I loved every single solitary second of it.Roger Ebert called this movie `` the best serious erotic film since Last Tango in Paris '' which I feel is pretty much accurate . None of the actors in this movie are Marlon Brando , but I feel this movie was better . The performances by all three main actors -LRB- Daniel Day-Lewis , Lena Olin , and Juliette Bincoche -RRB- are spectacular , but do n't seem that way immediately . It 's when you compare all their performances to this performance that it clicks . I 'm not saying that each actor puts on their best performance in this movie , only that ... Well , you 've caught my drift hopefully . Another aspect I loved about this movie was it 's dialouge , which is nothing short of spectacular . It 's not Quentin Tarantino-quick witted , fast tongued like dialouge . It 's not the kind of movie where you really even notice that the dialouge stands out , but there were lines in this film that were great . I could n't tell you a single one right now , but there were a few times when I thought to myself `` that was a great line . '' Also , I was amazed to find out -LRB- via this website -RRB- that Phillip Kaufman -LRB- director and co-adaptor of the film -RRB- is American , because this movie seems to be filmed by a foreign director . That might not make sense to some people , but it does have that kind of aura to it . The movie stars Day-Lewis as Tomas , a womanizing surgeon who lives in Prague . The man is brilliant at convincing woman to do what he wants them to do , which is detailed in a very funny opening scene . With the words `` take off your clothes '' , he gets exactly what he wants . But Tomas is seemingly incapable of loving another person , but he does enjoy sex . Sex is n't a way of showing love , but is instead mere entertainment . Luckily , he has a partner that feels the same way . This partner is Sabina -LRB- Olin -RRB- a young woman , who is pretty much a female version of Tomas . One day , Tomas is sent to another town to perform an operation where a woman catches his eye . Tomas follows her and when he catches up with her , he meets Tereza -LRB- Binoche -RRB- . Tereza is the polar opposite of Sabina . While Sabina is comfortable with her body , open to love-less sex , and composed.Tereza is uncomfortable with nakedness , sex , and is a bit child like in her manner . For some reason , Tomas is attracted to her and marries her while still carrying on his affair with Sabina , who has met a man named Franz who might finally be the one . Then the story takes a different turn , when the Russian invasion occurs in Prague and Tomas and Tereza end up in Switzerland , where Sabina happens to be as well . The cinematography during the scenes of the Russian invasion is very good , it first turns to black & white and then a grainy color . But , there 's about as much of the synopsis I can give ... Now , I 'll begin my thoughts on the performances . As I said they 're all great , but Olin is the best in the movie . I 've seen her in several movies before and can not think of a single one and I was amazed to find out she was born in 1955 , making her 51 today and 33 when this movie was made . Olin was -LRB- is -RRB- perfect for this role , as she has both the acting skills and the sexuality and body needed for the role to be believable . Day-Lewis is great , as always . It 's interesting to watch My Left Foot , this film , and Gangs of New York and see how he completely embodies a character rather than just plays them . Then there 's Binoche , I have several pros and really only one con with her . She catches the child like quality , yet strong will of the character Tereza brilliantly , she should 've got an Oscar nomination for this movie at least -LRB- and for all I know , she might have -RRB- . But , during one of the `` sex '' scenes involving her -LRB- in the rest of them , I could barely tell -RRB- she has a fairly large abundance of armpit hair . This is just me , but that 's not very attractive and when you see the other women that Tomas hooks up with or almost hooks up with in this movie , you have to wonder what was he thinking . Before this review becomes ridiculously long , I need to add that not everyone will like this movie half as much as I did . In fact , a lot of people wo n't like it at all . It 's 168 minutes without the end credits annnd combines so many plot elements , that it bored a lot of people . One person on Amazon said they should 've called it `` The Unbearable Boredom of Watching '' . So , technically I recommend this movie highly ; but do n't take my word for it . Hopefully my review will lead you to conclude whether you should watch this movie or waste your time on something else . Either way , this is my grade for it
 The Unbearable Lightness of Being is a masterpiece , the most underrated American film of the past 30 years . Poetic , haunting , subtle , and terribly sad , it says more about the crushing impact of repressive -LRB- i.e. communist -RRB- regimes than a thousand documanteries or inflammatory speeches could tell . While idealizing the free-wheeling Prague of the late 60 's the film also examines the emptiness of such a non-commital lifestyle - the unbearable lightness . If this all sounds very somber , ULOB is also one of the sexiest films you will ever see , and one of the few intelligent studies of sex in cinema . More surprisingly , it is a heartbreaking romance . Like a great novel , ULOB grows on you , and you 'll hate to see the characters leave you at the end . Perfectly acted by its then unknown leads , and beautifully photographed , this is a film to grow old with .
 I served in the Peace Corps in E. Europe in the early 1990s ; this movie conforms to my experience of Prague , the Czech people , and E. European literature so completely as to take my breath away . Creating a full movie out of the first 26 pages of Milan Kundera 's original novel is scriptwriting brilliance . The film 's breadth and depth of each character , the larger-than-life issues played out against the seeming frivolity of the Prague Spring -- and its tragic historic aftermath -- never fail to impress me . This film has a very European sentiment regarding sexuality/sensuality , however ; it is as woven into the fabric of daily life as a glass of fine wine . If you prefer more staid fare , I 'd recommend many excellent British films .
 Philip Kaufman 's `` The Unbearable Lightness of Being '' is an exceptional adaptation of Milan Kundera 's equally provocative novel of the same title . The film explores the `` lightness '' of freedom without consequence versus the `` weight '' of responsibility that may bring greater reward . As the title suggests , the main character reaches a point when the lightness of his life becomes an unbearable burden.The film translates this philosophy through three main characters living in 1968 Prague during the Russian invasion . Tomas , brilliantly played by Daniel Day-Lewis , is a surgeon living a very free , sexual , and uncomplicated life . He enjoys an open relationship with voluptuous Sabine -LRB- Lena Olin in her best performance to date -RRB- , an artist who values her `` lightness '' more than Tomas . Tomas and Sabine meet conveniently for passionate encounters and seem to have a comfortable understanding of one another . Their relationship is so amenable that Sabine agrees to mentor Tereza , a young impetuous waitress -LRB- played by Juliette Binoche -RRB- who has run away to Prague to live with a skeptical Tomas.Tomas first appears amused and detached ; he moves from woman to woman with a smile and ease . Over the course of the film , we watch his behavior change as he begins to question his feelings . While he marries Tereza , he continues his extra-marital relationships as Tereza suffers and struggles to understand his needs . She questions , `` How can you make love and not be in love ? '' Her inability to accept and change her position forces Tomas to reconsider his behavior.Against the backdrop of the invasion , these characters struggle with the complexity of their feelings and needs , often confused , frustrated , and heart-breaking . This is an adult film filled with many sensually choreographed scenes . We quickly realize that Sabine represents pure sex , Tereza pure love , and Tomas is wrestling with the two.However , it is unfair to characterize this well-edited film as a simple love triangle . The film integrates real footage from the 1968 invasion into the characters ' story . Tereza uses her new skills to photograph her beloved Prague and its resistance . Her photos are confiscated and used to identify sympathizers ; she herself is arrested . This leads to difficult and live-changing decisions that impact Tomas as well . Sabine wrestles with her own conscience to choose between lightness and weight . This film handles the unbearable lightness of being beautifully and skillfully ; it is an excellent film .
 Prepare to be enlightened . This is what movie making was supposed to be about . The movie and characters draw you in for different reasons and gives you a taste of one of the most sexual -LRB- not dirty -RRB- movies ever put on screen . Temptation , reality , and real history mixed into one . A movie for the senses for those that enjoy good filmmaking . A top one hundred film of all time . A movie that will add to any movie collection and change your taste in movies forever .
 First a word about this version of the film : I did n't find that the extras in this two-disc offering added up to much more than a marketing ploy , but everyone will have a different opinion there . Fans will rave about this release , detractors will still say it does no justice to a superior novel , and most , like me , will fall somewhere in between . What did amaze me was how much better this movie looked on DVD than on the old VHS full-screen copy I have . In widescreen there 's much more to see , and the scenery is a big part of this film , particularly during the tense moments between Tereza and the Soviet soldiers when life and death hung in the balance over possession of a camera.As for the actual movie : For those who do n't know , this is the motion picture version of Czech writer Milan Kundera 's novel about a libertine doctor , his wife , mistress , and their lives in Prague before , during , and after the Soviet crackdown of 1968 . This is film that has its fair share of sex and nudity but it is one that never quite becomes as erotic as it is supposed to be or wishes it was . The Unbearable Lightness of Being is noteworthy because of fine performances by Daniel Day Lewis , Lena Olin , and Juliette Binoche , but to me and others who came of age after the Cold War , it seems a period piece rather than the revelation it probably was a generation back . It 's no masterpiece , but it is a good film .
 Being a refugee from Russia I was stunned how little the West knows about the reality of the contemporary Russia - `` thanks '' to the hard work of KGB in the world 's -LRB- US included -RRB- media and other influential institutions . I rented the film to watch my favorite Juliette Binoche and was pleasantly astonished -LRB- surprised is a too weak word for it -RRB- by the film as a whole . After I saw here how brainwashed by KGB the Westerners are , it was amazing to see the film done by Westerners with such a deep understanding of the reality behind the `` iron curtain '' . It brilliantly showed how the dissidents , `` normal '' people just like you and me , with all their passions , weaknesses and imperfections were up against ruthless and powerful killing machine . - Especially clear in the scenes where Czech 's puppet branch of KGB sends its `` James '' and `` Jane '' `` Bonds '' to discredit the main characters -LRB- and also pit against each other -RRB- by seducing them . All the `` eroticism '' of the film just serves the purpose to show how `` humane '' the dissidents were . They are no heroes , they knew that they will be crushed but it was just unbearable for them -LRB- as truthful to themselves people -RRB- to take it anymore -LRB- hence the title of the film -RRB- . Unfortunately none of it was mentioned in the comments , in fact most people do n't even see this film as political . And for those who still do n't get it
 This wonderful film transports the viewer to a wonderful place . The political stress and turmoil enable the characters to release thier emotion in truly the best way . The struggle of just `` being '' a person and having to make choices overwhelms sometimes , but the characters seem to cope with these issues in a very exciting and emotional manner . The film is a masterpiece in many ways , cinamatographically , emotionally , sexually . It makes the viewer reflect upon thier own decisions and actions in ways no other films can . A true classic for the soft hearted and sensual `` beings '' who enjoy life to the fullest in all its splendor .
 This movie took me by surprise . I was not expecting the powerful emotions that it evoked . I first watched this movie through a rental and liked it so much that I bought the DVD.This movie tells the tale of a somewhat promiscuous Doctor in Prague , Czechoslovakia before and during the Soviet invasion . He finds and marries a passionate `` country '' girl while maintaining his extramarital activities . The Soviet invasion puts an end to their way of life and the couple struggle to keep some semblance of normality in a war torn country.This is an erotic , bittersweet drama . Be prepared to experience a full range of emotions . Perhaps you 'll be surprised too .
 As a former film student and ardent lover of the medium to this day , Unbearable Lightness remains one of my all time favorite films . It 's intelligent , well-acted , tender , yet tackles serious and thought-provoking internal and external subjects such as fidelity , authenticity , armed conflict and personal freedom . More than anything it is always , always a great pleasure to watch . The characters are so genuine and well-rounded , that although they are tremendously diverse you care about not one , not two , but all of them.Beautifully shot and edited with what appear to be real photos and footage from the time in which it 's set , I would recommend it to anyone . It has not aged a day.I can count on one hand the examples of a film adaptation where the film really adds to the legacy of a piece , and equals or even transcends the power of the book . And that 's saying a lot in this case because the book is also something to be experienced !
 I own both the Criterion DVD and the Orion VHS and both are the original theatrical version of the film . The DVD the previous comment refers to may be a bootleg copy of the Criterion DVD .
 I was amazed how closely the film follows the book . I 'd recommend reading the book first , since it 'll make watching the movie a bit more enjoyable . Even though I 'm not quite finished , having read most of it allowed me to identify with the characters more . It 's a unique and entertaining story , about people whose lives get caught up in the upheaval of the Russian occupation in what is now the Czech Republic , and how they try not to let it define their lives . The principle characters are strong-willed people , each with their own set of weaknesses and human frailties , and though the events surrounding them play a big part in the outcome of their lives , it 's their determination that ultimately wins out .
 I bought this as a present for my son , so I have n't seen it yet ... but , he really loved it , had read the book before , and recommended it to me and many of his friends ! Ca n't wait to see it !
 Supposed being victimized by local communist regime and Soviet oppressors since August-1968 , a skilled surgeon changed countries and jobs like surgical gloves he did at hospitals.No wonder , sex is a fix for such a lucky , and marriage to a beautiful adorable woman stopped a character with Southern European rather than Slavic appearance a little.Extended up to 165 minutes of screening , romantic tale with some near-porno inclusions is a bit more over-positive and over-entertaining than its final collapsed in.Well , movie spirit seems being similar to `` A Beautiful Life '' , `` Producers '' or , more recent one of Levi 's Hitler-as-a-comedy-hero , of what optimism and humoristic style used to depicting the tragedy serve well cinemagoers seeking a relaxation only .
 Me and a friend had been wanting to see this movie one for the content but also for its art prospective . I ca n't speak for my friend , but it was not what I expected at all . It is 4 hrs long -LRB- on the 2 disc special edition -RRB- and none of it is really any good . The movie bring up some points , that are great but other wise I would say this movie is not worth buying . Rent the movie before you consider buying . I wish I had.Kev
 the movie was in great condition and it arrived in a short period of time . I was very happy with the dealer .
 `` The Rock '' -LRB- another professional wrestler -RRB- would be better suited as the lead man in this film as he displays far more cinematic charisma than Cena.This is not a woman 's touchy feely movie - it 's a violent showdown of good vs evil with the good guy displaying almost superhuman abilities . Watch this on a big screen with a couple of beers and enjoy the ride .
 This movie kicks a ** all the way and I ca n't wait for this to come out on DVD because it 's an excellent movie !
 pretty good movie overall . i like john cena on wwe , so i checked this out . it 's good for it being his debut .
 John Cena - never heard of him -- but man , did he turn in a great performance.Silly humor , great action , -LSB- no one did handle that snake -RSB- . A movie that will definitely stay on my shelf.And boy do I agree - the female characters that bounce back -LSB- especially from being back handed -RSB- yeah ! right ! dream on sucker!No barn-yard or -LSB- you know-what -RSB- illiterate language -LSB- that I remember -RSB- Great entertainment - great color - worth another watch.Definitely Recommended + + + + + + + + +
 John Cena plays John Triton , a Marine who was discharged after disobeying a direct order in order to save his fellow soldiers in war . He returns home to his wife Kate -LRB- Kelly Carlson -RRB- and after not being able to adjust to his homelife so easliy , they take a vacation . Unfortunally John ends up in the wrong place at the wrong time as he crosses paths with a group of jewel thieves at a gas station led by a killer named Rome -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- and after things do n't go as planned , they go on the run & kidnap Kate as a hostage . From there , John goes after the thieves to save his wife but encounter many obsticals along with the way while the theives have problems of their own such as not being to trust each other & Kate being tougher than she looks.This is one of those generic action movies where the plot itself was very simple & something the average person can understand . The acting is n't much as Cena had no previous acting experience before this role so his dialog is very limited but did do well & was believeable in his role . They have good action scenes from a car chase to fist fights to tons of explosions . The most annoying thing here though was that they tried to add comedy to this movie which did n't work at all . For example , when the bad guys are in the jungle running from the police ... that 's not the time to start making jokes about `` rock candy '' & getting calls about their cable TV package eventhough I did get a chuckle as the priceless look Patrick gave after the `` he 's like the Terminator '' line.While the DVD included both the unrated & theatrical versions of the movie , the DVD extras include all the WWE promotional features , footage of the World Premiere , various features on John Cena , and a `` Making Of '' featurette . Bottom line is that this movie is good for those who just like a good old action flick that you used to see back in the 80 's full of explosions & fist fight scenes .
 It 's back to the good old days.The action packed Schwarzennegger films where the kill-shot reigns with side-splitting dialogue.Problem is ! Robert Patrick is the star . John Cena makes a credible Arnold but Mr. Patrick does a wonderful villain . He 's got the lines and he 's nailed the perfect bad guy with a flair that would make Hannibal Lecter cringe . A great job by the former star of The X-Files who made John Doggett a memorable experience.Action and blowup sequences are A-1 all the way.The perfect film for escapist violence .
 Totally happy with this product ! It exceeded my expectations and I would recommend it to anyone . It also shipped very quickly . Thanks !
 i love this movie for the action and all the bad crimanals get what they deserve at the end.i recommend this movie 100/00 percent
 this movie was very good . if you are a wresstling fan and like john cena you will like this movie .
 The Marine is a WWE funded movie directed by John Bonito.Starring John Cena , Robert Patrick , Kelly Carlson , Anthony Ray Parker , Manu Bennett.After disobeying his commander 's officer orders in a mission in Iraq , John Triton -LRB- John Cena -RRB- decides to go on auto pilot and follow his own instincts to save his fellow marines.At the end he ends up saving them and there was already an order to bomb the Iraqi warehouse.When Triton is back at the rear he is called by his superiors.He is then given a discharge for disobeying orders but gets out in a good way.Triton goes back home to his hometown in South Carolina.He tries his first civilian job as a security guard , but ends up being fired in the same day.The Marine brings back the full contact old school action.The stunts , fighting scenes are realistic compared to the other movies that have been around for the past years.Cena with his build and weight moves extremely fast and you can see his dedication . This is his first leading role.Robert Patrick does a great job as Rome.Mixing humor and sarcasm.He is not your typical coldblooded killer like you have seen in other movies .
 I really enjoyed this movie there was action in it and I loved the way he was driving the police car .
 Firstly , let me tell you that if you are an elite critic and watched this movie , ask yourself why . Do you even like the action-movie genre ? No ? Then do n't waste our time by writing reviews about stuff you do n't enjoy . We like it here and we like Hollywood . So astalavistababy.For all WWE Fans and those who have come to see John Cena blow things up by more than just his fist - this is an awesome action flick . I too came to see this movie because I am a fan of WWF now known as WWE and because I admire John Cena as a person and not just as what we see him do inside the squared ring.The first 5 to 10 minutes of the movie needs to be passed over . To be forgiven . It is not the best start to an action movie . And this is an out and out thriller of an action movie . But then Robert Patrick shows up and everything rocks and everything is cool again . Yes , I came to see Cena and got bowled over by Robert Patrick . Patrick carries this movie . I would say he saved the movie . Cena is great . He is our hero . And we cheer for him throughout the movie as he gets beat while trying to rescue his dear wife . But you ca n't help fall for Robert Patrick . He waltzes in all bad-a $ $ and mean . He is ultra , uber-cool . He makes the badguy role come alive and give meaning to the whole story . As in any story , for the hero to be a hero , you need a strong adversary . We get that in the form of a team of criminals led by Robert Patrick.The action is non-stop . As soon as the villain has done his first job in the movie - the action keeps up the tempo and we get big gunfights and bigger explosions . The crazy black dude routine is well played here by a henchman of Patrick . I was a bit disappointed with the truth behind the `` rock candy story '' - they should have made it as big as it sounded . But there is plenty of more fun in the movie . Some dark humour and Cena is incredible as he chases down the bad guys in the mandatory car chase sequence and then on in the swamps . This is thrilling from there till the very end . Some good hand-to-hand fights . Cena gets punished and he triumphs . The deviation with the 2 other crooks in the same swamp thinking Cena is a cop looking for them is also brilliant turn of events . More action . More a $ $ - kicking . The scenes with the explosion are very well shot.The two big ones with Cena at the petrol pump explosion and him at the shack in the swamp exploding are incredibly well captured . You could feel Cena getting the fury of the fire . Awesome stuff . And Patrick is unstoppable too . He is determined and he has the wife as a leverage and hostage . There is the essential bad girl accompanying the villain , Patrick . She does a great job , better I think than the actress who plays Cena 's wife . In all I would rate high the casting as the team of Patrick is well picked bunch of actors doing what they do best . These bad guys are worth cheering for.Cena of course makes it to the climax . An epic one it is , involving a truck , a motorboat , explosions , fistfights , splattering of blood and the suspense of whether Cena 's wife will survive this ordeal or not.Watch this one and make sure you reload the popcorn .
 OK . First off , I do n't see this movie winning any prizes for story , script , plot , or anything like that.That being said , I think it was a good action flick . It was well-casted , the fight scenes were well-choreographed , and the explosions were lots of fun . Also , I think it was a good start for Cena . Get the man some acting lessons and let him try something that does n't involve as much running around and beating the heck out of people .
 The Marine DVDIt 's interesting to see Vince McMahan and the WWE going into another form of `` scripted entertainment '' , i.e. , diversifying . Smart business move.This is in fact a terrific action/adventure movie in the mold of the Rambo or Schwarzenegger films -LRB- e.g. `` Commando '' -RRB- or the Indiana Jones series . The violence is not accurate in depiction of results , but neither is it in any movie where female stars takes full-power strikes and come bouncing back . If reality counted in the movies , there would be no girl-star action movies.The violence is actually toned down in favor of action . For example , Sgt. Triton chooses to takes out two very tough villains in exciting brawls when he has a good fighting knife with him . Reality would have been different ... . and much bloodier . Not much gore or blood in this picture , however , and you can safely take your pre-teen or teen son . Or yourself . My wife liked it , too , for that matter.Don ' t be surprised to see the knife on the market soon , ala Rambo.The acting was top-drawer within the context of the plot . I never heard of John Cena , so I ca n't be considered biased . Triton was seen first in front of his commanding officer , then interacting with his wife . He was supposed to be emotionally restrained with his commander , and strong but a little reflective with his wife . He was . Then The Marine had a mission . He had to complete it , not emote and burst into tears . After the adrenalin high wore off , he 'd probably start shaking , but while things were going on , he did n't have time to be upset . Man , have n't the sweetie-boys who have panned his acting ever been in a fight ? I never heard of the star , but he turned in a very believable good performance for the part . The excellent-looking wife did a fine job as well . No nudity in this movie . Unfortunately.In sum , a fine example of its type and highly recommended for all . It requires some suspension of belief , but most action movies do.Recommended for fans of John Cena , the WWE , and Arnold and Rambo for that matter.GunnerGunner December , 2007
 You pays your money and you takes your choice . When you go to see a movie like this , you should know what you 're in for . There 's going to be a lot of bad guys , and they 're going to be really bad . There 's going to be a damsel in distress . There 's going to be a surprise bad guy . And , last but not least , there 's going to be a good guy who is good and tough beyond belief.John Triton -LRB- John Cena -RRB- is an heroic ex-marine whose wife , Kate -LRB- Kelly Carlson -RRB- is kidnapped by a brutal gang of jewel thieves led by Rome -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- , who kills with glee and without remorse , which does n't set him apart from his psychopathic gang members . John takes out after them . You get the feeling that John can take on anything up to the size of a platoon without much of a problem . While credibility might suffer during his chase , it 's still fun . You will rarely see a human being with arms the size of Cena 's . Written -LRB- Michelle Gallagher and Alan McElroy -RRB- and directed -LRB- John Bonito -RRB- with humor and pace , what surprised me about it was that the acting is uniformly good , including Cena . This is a tongue-in-cheek chase film with some absurdly unbelievable stunts and special effects , but it 's all done on a level that nobody takes very seriously.Although there is a lot of violence , it 's not graphic in the sense that we see people 's heads being blown off . I was tired and sleepy when I attended the film , but never even felt a twinge of nodding off.Perfect for a saturday night with friends after a long week of work .
 I am surprised by how much I enjoyed this . Surprised , and a little disappointed in my own taste , but anyway ... You know exactly what to expect from this movie . Explosions , Fighting ... and that 's it . Luckily , it delivers both of those in spades , especially the ` splosions . I have never seen so many things blow up . Every fifteen minutes John Cena barely escapes some building blowing up . And in slow motion , of course . The story is Kelly Carlson is kidnapped by Robert Patrick and John Cena must rescue her.Robert Patrick is plain fantastic in this flick . The filmmaker is smart as he gave the lion 's share of the line to Mr. Patrick . He plays a great , sarcastic bad guy , plain and simple . John Cena can act in the sense that Arnold Schwarzenegger can act . Mr. Cena lets his actions do the speaking , thankfully . Plus , he 's a hottie so ... Overall , just an easy , cheesy , blow-em-up , action B-movie . The extras are pretty lame , though .
 I thought that the movie was really good . I didnt like the fact every time John left a building it blew up , but I was surprized to see how well John Cena could act . I really enjoyed it and it kept us entertained .
 I will not go into the breakdown of the movie - that is already done in other reviews . Yes , the action scenes can be a bit unbeliveable - but what action movie made today is done realistically ? That is part of the fun of action movies . John Cena is best known for being the WWE Monday Night RAW champ - and this is his 1st acting movie . I personally think he was great in this movie - he looked hunky and shows he can act as well as kick butt . I hope that he will do more movies in the future - and also look forward to seeing him on Monday night RAW - the champ is in the house and if you are not down with that I have 2 words for ya . . .
 The Marine is quite a phenomenal action film ! The amounts of insanely addicting and devastating-looking action scenes are overwhelming . The film stars WWE wrestler John Cena in search of his wife who was kidnapped by a bunch of guys who were n't afraid to die , or kill anyone who unfortunately happened to get in their way.Anyone who enjoys action films with lots of hand fighting and lots of shooting -LRB- and I mean LOTS of these things -RRB- you will definitely find yourself enjoying the Marine . It 's nothing but total nonstop action for the last hour or so . The movie clocks in at 1 hour and 23 minutes -LRB- even though some other places have said the time length was a bit longer , it 's actually not -RRB- . The negative reviews are really strange to me - John Cena himself promoted the movie as nothing but an action film . It does n't pretend to be anything else . It 's just lots and lots of ACTION!My favorite moments were the exploding gas station and the bad guys shooting Cena 's car WHILE it was flipping around in the air ! These are truly some of the greatest action scenes a movie could ask for . Anything better than this would be impossible !
 At first I made a mistake and ordered this &#34; unrated &#34; version because it was confusing what dvd 's my son could actually or should I say &#34; is allowed to have &#34; , so I had to order a version that was rated , but the institution told me that they never received the second one . -LRB- The rated version -RRB- . But this item was great but since they would n't allow my son to have it I had to keep it for myself !
 thanks for getting my movie here so quick . we really enjoy and its in great shape that is great thanks
 I rented `` The Marine '' with no expectations except for good action and `` eye candy '' -LRB- Mr. Cena is a beautiful man -RRB- . I always enjoy the classic good vs. evil story and seeing the bad guy get it . Think of the 80 's action movies and that is what `` The Marine '' is like . I enjoyed the movie , and while I am not a wrestling fan , I do support the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- because they support our troops all over the world . They make trips to bases every year and risk their safety to entertain the wonderful men and women of our Armed Forces ! John Cena has a very likable quality , and because of his love and appreciation for our troops and their families he can rest assured that I will gladly give my dollars and support to him in whatever he undertakes . God Bless you John and the WWE !!!
 This movie is awesome !!!!!! It 's action packed & if you 're a WWE wrestling fan like myself you will definitely want this for your collection . I went to see this movie on the day it came out at the theater and I waited for it to come out on DVD so I could own it . Plus I LOVE John Cena . He 's a HOT wrestler & actor :--RRB- So ladies this movie is a MUST SEE & OWN . Thanks Amazon !!!!
 Good action the previews show the good part of the movie . Good plot ending could have benn better .
 I thought this movie was pretty cool for the most part . Robert Patrick 's role also added to it 's success and suspense . Lots of action and the storyline was well written . Maybe John Cena is the next big action star to Hollywood and to action movies in general . I think if he continues to make them like this , he will be . Thought it was better than 12 rounds as well.Peter J. Miller
 O.K. . The basic plot -- cop forced by vengeful ex-con through a series of timed challenges -- is n't unique . But the story has unexpected twists and turns and uses the city of New Orleans to its advantage . John Cena does a great job , and I would be willing to watch any of the other actors again . The story is violent -- explosions are the threat the movie begins with -- and there are maybe two mild profanities in the general release version . But if you snack while you watch your movies , beware . Get the snacks beforehand because you ca n't miss a minute of this fast paced thriller .
 I thought this movie was incredibly entertaining and filled to the brim with action , suspense , explosions and comedy . John Cena stars as a Marine named John Triton who is being honorably discharged for disobeying a direct order . When he returns home , he decides to go on vacation with his wife , Kate . While at a gas station , Kate is kidnapped by a jewel thief named Rome , and his associates . John goes on a 1-man rampage in order to get her back . Throughout the day , Rome and his group try to kill John , but he 's too stubborn to die . If you love action , I highly recommend THE MARINE !!!
 This is one awesome action film . I had seen John Cena in 12 rounds and it was entertaining for any evening . But this Marine is outstanding . Hand-to-Hand , explosions beyond counting , and humor too . We all enjoyed the wild , wacky , absurdity of the whole movie . And the Special Features were almost as good as the movie itself . Especially we enjoyed seeing the premiere of the movie at USMC Camp Pendleton . I wish we had had a John Cena movie when I was in the Corps . If you want beginning-to-end romping , stomping , hell , death and destruction ... this flick is for YOU ! The Terminator has nothing on the character of former Marine Triton . To say it is unbelievable does n't even begin to cover it . BUT who wants reality in an adventure film . Get this and watch it with friends .
 one of my favorite movies . john cena could definitly be a top action star if he wanted would love for ghim to be in a remake of missing in action ...
 This is undoubtedly , the best cure for a boring sunday afternoon . Our hero -LRB- John Cena -RRB- is poised to pick up the mantle of America 's next Hero / Champion . The man can take a full force blast to to his cranium with Thor 's Hammer and , resucitate after a minute ; feeling invigorated enough to resume his Crusade . The wunnerful Robert Patrick -LRB- Terminator II -RRB- is his challenging nemisis , and does not dissapoint.Now , THE ACTION sequences of this movie is what is worth the price of admission . From frame one , the pyrotechnics/asskicking is WHIZ BANG . The dialogue provides some fine comedic relief , '' MAN , BROTHERS JUST DO N'T DRIVE MINI-VANS , YA DIG ? '' -LRB- the pimp -RRB- . Cars disintergrate , bombs blow , bullets buzz , fires blaze , no time to bleed , complete the mission ! This BLU-RAY izda bomb ! Grandson , pass the popcorn .
 `` The Marine '' was pretty much a bomb when it was released in 2006 ; fans and critics alike hated the movie , but if you have a fondness for action films and if you are a huge fan of wrestler John Cena , purchase the DVD . I bought the movie purely because I like looking at Cena , not because I think he can act . There is a lot of male testosterone available , but both the script and performances are flawed . The plot deals with a marine who discovers his wife has been kidnapped by an evil , demented villin , and it 's up to this marine to track down his wife 's captor and make him pay . TV 's `` Nip/Tuck 's '' Kelly Carlson plays the wife and Robert Patrick is an OK villin , but it 's Cena'a perfomance and presence that make the film . I am sure with the write script Cena could be a huge movie star ; he has amazing screen presence , with the looks and body that most actors would die for.The DVD comes with many bonuses including both the theatrical and unrated versions , the featurette called `` The Making of The Marine '' , WWE Promotional Features , John Cena Featurettes , and more .
 John Triton is a heroic Marine who returns home after being discharged -- against his will -- from the Iraq War . Stateside , he finds himself back in action , when his wife is kidnapped by a murderous gang led by a merciless criminal named Rome . With everything on the line , the Marine will stop at nothing to carry out his toughest and most important mission . John Cena was great in this movie and so were Robert Patrick & Kelly Carlson . If you 're looking for a great action movie you found one with The Marine .
 My family watched the movie and loved it . It was exactly what we were looking for ... John Cena action flick to escape reality for a little while . Ca n't wait til his new movie comes out in March .
 Being a John Cena fan you can never be sure that the charisma that he shows on the small screen will translate to the big screen , but after watching The Marine he does not have to worry about that . All the action in the movie keeps fans glued to the screens and wondering what could possibly happen next . Not a dull moment in the movie . Ca n't wait for it to come to the movies cinemas here in Australia in June 07 so we can watch him larger than life and in surround sound , will make a great movies even better .
 I 'M NOT A BIG FAN OF WRESTLING , OR WRESTLERS . THIS MOVIE IS PACKED WITH A LOT OF ACTION , AND HAS ENOUGH PUNCH TO KEEP YOU WATCHING TO THE END . I WILL LOOK FOR MORE MOVIES WITH JOHN CENA IN THE FUTURE .
 this was an excellent movie . The product itself was in excellent conditionI highly recommend it to anyone
 `` Listen brother forget X-Men , MI :3 , Dead Man 's Chest , Casino Royale -LRB- with cheese -RRB- , Superman Returns , Snakes on a Plane and The Devil Wears Prada . This is the action movie of the year !!! . Make no mistake about it , John Cena will kick the crud out of Jackman , Cruise , Depp , Craig , Routh , Jackson and even Hathaway . Cena puts on a stellar performance playing ... well , himself just kicking the -LSB- ... -RSB- out of people . This movie had me on the edge of my seat locked into intensity from beginning to end and even then I could have sitten through at least 43 minutes more . In fact I think those 43 minutes could have been used wisely because they did n't show enough of Cena kicking the -LSB- ... -RSB- out of dinosaurs . Who knows maybe there will be some animal butt kicking too intense to show in theaters awaiting my approval on the DVD . But on a more serious note folks , this movie has great acting , in depth storytelling , fourth dimensional characters , Oscar worthy writing , jaw dropping wit , and enough explosions to blow your neighbors ear drums three miles away . The night before this release you will find me camped outside of my nearest retail store begging for the first eight copies of this cinematic masterpiece that only WWE films could put forth . BUY THIS MOVIE ! You will not be disappointed !!!! P.S. . Some of you may think that this review is a big pile of sarcasm . I 'm here to tell you otherwise . WATCH OUT HATHAWAY !! ''
 The Marine -LRB- Unrated Version -RRB- Excellent action movie , would recomend to anyone.He ca n't blow up enough things throughout the movie .
 so some of the effects were fake looking , but John Cena is hot . I loved the movie .
 YOU HAVE TO LIKE THE THE ACTION SCENES AND STUNTS . WILD ... . ALITTLE FAR OFF IN NEVERLAND . AND IF YOU LIKE JOHN CENA THEN YOU HAVE TO SEE IT . BUT ALL IN ALL A PRETTY OK MOVIE .
 I 've just seen this commercial not too long ago & it looks to be a hit even for a guy like John Cena -LRB- my favorite WWE wrestler of all time -RRB- to handle a crime scene like this . I 'm looking foward for Cena to kick some a ** in this high gearesh movie !
 I liked Walking Tall with `` The Rock '' , The Marine is just as far fetched as that movie ... i love it .
 The first 15 minutes of this brilliant film are probably the best 15 minutes ever captured . The rest of the movie is dull and a bit annoying in an awesome action that does n't make any sense with terrible acting sort of way . But those first 15 minutes I seriously watched twice because I was laughing so hard I cried the first time through . Watch this movie because it has by far and away the best opening scene any film could aspire to achieve .
 THE MARINEI have to admit that I have enjoyed all of the 7 or 8 or something like that WWE produced films , this one in particular . Sure some have been better then others but all have at least been entertaining , this one here would be in that category . I always liked John Cena especially when he was a heel , he has always been entertaining . So once WWE really wanted to get going with the movies I knew Cena would be starring in one . I am glad that the film did well enough at the box office for them to let him do another . I found this movie to be very enjoyable even though it is flawed.The movie is about John Triton an ex marine who is having a hard time adjusting to his new life as a civilian . After a mishap at a security guard job he took he and his wife decided to go on a trip to any were just to get away on vacation . It is on this trip that they run into some trouble at a gas station , it turns out that some people who are also there just robbed a diamond place and is on the run . When things go wrong Triton 's wife is kidnapped by these guys and the chase is on . So the rest of the movie we are treated to an action filled adventure that pits one man 's love for his wife against those who have a lust for money and power.The strong point of this film is obviously the ridiculous unbelievable action sequences , and I do mean unbelievable . Michell Gallagher and Alan McElroy did a decent job with the script basically just adding a few words to pages full of explosions and fist fights . For this , a WWE film that is just fine and I did not expect any thing else so it makes perfect sense . Director John Bonito shows that he has a talent for making a fun yet over the top action flick and he even makes Cena look good in his first acting gig , so credit to you sir . Director of photography David Eggby did a great job shooting this movie as the camera work is great , Executive producer Vince McMahon knows how to hire the right people . Every one behind the scenes did what a consider a good job given that this was supposed to be a WWE action movie , job well done.As far as the acting I think that while Cena has a way to go before he wins any Oscars he actually does a good job with this film , he has a natural charisma that carries over onto the screen . At times it looks like the performance is forced but over all he does a pretty good job in my opinion , I do n't know why but I think he would be perfect in a comedy or a family comedy . Kelly Carlson is good as Cena 's wife and brings a nice little charm to the film even though at times she gets rough with the other characters . Robert Patrick is great in the lead villain role with a sly humor to him , and his partner Abigail Bianca is just as good . In fact to be honest no one does a bad job in this film and in fact all of them do very well for this type of film.I liked this movie I thought it was a fun over the top action flick in the vain of 80 's movies -LSB- like other reviews have said -RSB- ; it is a good weekend/afternoon movie . A lot of people talk bad about this movie and John Cena in particular , but I liked it and Cena . I think if Cena is given time to develop as an actor I think he could actually be good . Hopefully he has developed more for the upcoming `` 12 Rounds '' ; I will go see it keep up the WWE streak . Hope to see ya there .
 This was a used dvd and in perfect condition , A great deal and a wonderful addition to my son 's wrestling collection . Thank You
 This movie has a lot of action , and my husband loved it . I do , however , warn you about the language . I would n't have any underage viewers present if you watch , and the language even made me want to leave the room , but if your okay with that , the movie is very action-packed .
 I really enjoyed watching this movie . It was action-packed and steady paced all the way through !!! John Cena rocked this movie !!! I would watch it over and over again !!! In fact , I DID !
 I thought the Marine was a great movie . John Cena did well for his 1st movie roll . Hope he stars in other great action movies .
 Grea movie . I am a wwe fan and i thought this movie was good
 This is one for the hard core action fans . There 's very little ` down time ' to run for popcorn . If someone is n't getting shot , punched , etc. things are getting blown up or sunk in water . There is an action scene I have n't seen yet with a police car . Several of the action scenes are worth a rewind and I did appreciate the ` buff bodies ' . You have to give these guys an A plus for working out.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 I was skeptical of this movie featuring a WWE wrestler -LRB- WWE wrestlers are notoriously bad actors -RRB- and because the movie was produced by the WWE rather a than a major motion picture company . However I was wrong . The movie was full of action and special effects . John Cena did a respectable job acting . The theme and plot were very entertaining , not cheesey or bogus . If you like action movies such as `` Arnold '' movies or Rambo movies then you will very much enjoy this movie !
 I never expected to be so thrilled and entertained by this almost tongue-in-cheek non-stop action thriller.Robert Patrick -LRB- The BAD Terminator , in Terminator 2 -RRB- is perfect as a vicious killer , but still pokes fun at his own movie when one of his killer friends who is failing at getting `` The Marine '' off their back , comments
 To be honest , I gave it 4 stars but it 's more like a 3 1/2 simply because it does have it 's good points to it . This film take 's us back to the `` later 80 's action film ara '' and can be compared to some of Steven Sagals films , or even Dulf Lungren.I just ca n't get over the fact that it 's John Cena in this film -LRB- and that 's not really a good thing -RRB- His acting was OK and the action was good , but it 's no `` Condemed '' with Stone Cold ! In short , it 's OK and that 's about it . It will entertain and it is n't a waste of money or time .3 1/2 Stars
 This movie was the debut of wrestler John Cena . He is the many timedheavyweight champion of the WWE . He has proven to be entertaining as a wrestler . In this movie he saves the lives of some fellow marines in Iraq from some al-Quaidi terrorists . He is discharged for disobeying orders.He and his lovely wife Kate whos is played by Kelly Carlson decide totake a trip into the mountains . On their trip they drive into an altercation involving some dangerous jewel theives . His wife Kate is snatched and taken hostage . These jewel theives are led by a viciousvillain played by Robert Patrick . He truly comes off as being evil . Thiskidnapping results in some nonstop action . Triton gets involved in high speed chases and many hand to hand situations . Triton even encounters crooked policemen . There are even explosions all during the chase scenes.Cena and John Patrick have a battle to the death to end the movie . Thereis also an exciting rescue scene . All in all this was a very entertaining movie .
 Last night , I sat comfortably on the sofa at home to watch two action movies consecutively on Star Movies Channel.The two movies share one common feature
 I am afraid that some reviews I have seen show either an anti-military bias or else expect things of this movie they would not demand of others of its type . The movie is not political in ANY way , but there is a fairly heroic brief starting episode in Iraq ; I guess some do n't like that.This is in fact a terrific action/adventure movie in the mold of the Rambo or Schwarzenegger films -LRB- eg `` Commando '' -RRB- or the Indiana Jones series . The violence is not accurate in depiction of results , but neither is it in any movie where female stars takes full-power strikes and come bouncing back . If reality counted in the movies , there would be no girl-star action movies.The violence is actually toned down in favor of action . For example , Sgt. Triton chooses to takes out two very tough villains in exciting brawls when he has a good fighting knife with him . Reality would have been different ... . and much bloodier . Not much gore or blood in this picture , however , and you can safely take your pre-teen or teen son . Or yourself . My wife liked it , too , for that matter.The acting was top-drawer within the context of the plot . I never heard of John Cena , so I ca n't be considered biased . Triton was seen first in front of his commanding officer , then interacting with his wife . He was supposed to be emotionally restrained with his commander , and strong but a little reflective with his wife . He was . Then The Marine had a mission . He had to complete it , not emote and burst into tears . After the adrenalin high wore off , he 'd probably start shaking , but while things were going on , he did n't have time to be upset . Man , have n't the sweetie-boys who have panned his acting ever been in a fight ? I never heard of the star , but he turned in a very believable good performance for the part . The excellent-looking wife did a fine job as well . No nudity in this movie . Unfortunately.In sum , a fine example of its type and highly recommended for all . It requires some suspension of belief , but most action movies do . It will grab you hard and keep you watching .
 I only went to this see this movie because i love john cena and hes sooo HOT . I dont like action movies AT ALL and my husband has to beg me to watch them . But this movie was incredibly awesome . It had me on the seat of my chair from beginning to end . Excellent job john triton .
 The Marine is a no holds barred action vehicle filled with cardboard characters and a plot straight out of an episode of the 1980 's G.I. Joe cartoon . Yeah , there are plot holes , logic bombs and more cheesy dialogue than Kraft could put in a dozen commercials , but this does n't stop the movie from being a lot of fun to watch.WWE wrestling superstar John Cena plays John Triton , a U.S. Marine who has been scapegoated and dishonorably discharged for disobeying an order from commanding officers and is making an adjustment to civilian life with his hot wife . He gets a job at a security firm where ... he gets fired for disobeying an order . After this mishap he and his wife decide to go away where at a gas station they run afoul of some diamond smugglers who kill a cop and kidnap take his wife for a hostage so they can make their getaway . In the quest to get her back , Triton goes through car chases , explosions , and death defying scenarios . It 's best not to take these too seriously ; this is the kind of action movie where you turn your brain off and enjoy the show.Despite the logic holes , The Marine reminds me of the kind of old-fashioned action movie I used to watch back in the late 1980 's -1990 's like American Ninja or Ninja III
 Yes , the plot is paper-thin and fairly ridiculous , but for a fun , mindless , action romp , this film delivers . John Cena is quite good and natural as an actor , and Robert Patrick is always great . There was some very funny dialogue as the film did seem to be spoofing the entire genre . And it is always funny to watch the hero emerge from non-stop brutal fights and blazing infernos with scarcely a hair out of place .
 THIS MOVIE WAS EXCITING AND INTERESTING . I LIKE ACTION MOVIES . THIS MOVIE WAS NON-STOP ACTION AND THE HERO WAS THE MARINE . HE 'S PRESENT WRESTLING STAR I SAW HIM ON TV . HE 'S A GOOD FIGHTER . I ENJOYED THE MOVIE .
 I enjoyed this movie , mostly because John Cena is so good looking , he isnt a bad actor either . I enjoyed the story and the characters . I would recommend it .
 This movie is the Ultimate Experince for action fans.John Cena was awesome and he will be a big action star like Steven Seagal , Jet Li , Tony Jaa ex ex.Robert Patrick was the best Villan you could root for.Kelly Carlson is so hot it makes her look like Sharon Stone in Sliver.And the Girl Villan what ever her name is is just like a young version of Cindy Crawford . I do n't see the differance is between the unrated version and the rated version but it still a great action experience.I think John Cena should stick to being an action star besides wresling because fans would want to see him in future actions movies as a tough man . My favorite scene is where the man says hes like the terminator and Robert Patrick just makes a look
 I looked for a good video to watch while I practiced the moves I had learned in a class . This video helped me to watch as I practiced in front of a mirror . This video covered all the basic moves , as well as using zils and scarves . This video makes learning to belly dance easy even if you 've never taken a class . Maybe abit dated for a video , but excellent for learning belly dancing . Highly recommend for beginners .
 A must have for those learning to bellydance . When you ca n't get to a class , use this video . Very easy to follow the steps . This is a wonderful find .
 Just so everyone knows , Atea is NOT that stiff in real life ! She must be camera-shy -LRB- a lot of us are -RRB- . She is an excellent dancer , although she could use a bit of meat on her . Still , for basic moves and correct technique , it 's a good starter video .
 This tape is wonderful . It does not make you break a sweat as far a workout goes but if you are wanting to learn some belly dance basics this is easy to follow . Great tape I love it it was so much fun
 I have all 3 of the Magical Motion videos and have found them to be marvelous ! The instruction is clear and easy to follow . The solo performances are lovely to watch , beautifully choreographed and inspiring . These are must-haves for anyone interested in learning to bellydance .
 I 'm a beginner at bellydancing , and I found this video quite helpful . I was n't sure about how well it would teach me at first , until I started performing the moves along with the tape - the camera angles are very clear , and each move is demonstrated succinctly . I suggest anyone using this video also stand in front of a mirror while performing the moves to get a clearer understanding of the instructions , or else it can be difficult to know if you are doing the moves correctly . Enough moves are taught to make a very decent dance , although some help with choreography would have been more helpful than just suggesting that the dancer `` improvise '' . Even the performace sequences are somewhat helpful , if just to see the variety of costumes . The historical information at the beginning is also a great touch .
 This is a great video for learning basic belly dance technique.I am a professional dancer , and I recommend this video to women who are interested in learning how to belly dance.Atea has a very gentle demeanor , so the tape is not too intimidating for a beginner ; she covers the basics well however , so that students who choose to continue with real-life classes have a good foundation to build upon.Atea covers finger cymbal -LRB- zil -RRB- patterns , slow -LRB- taqsim -RRB- movements , isolations and shimmies.There is a whole section -LRB- 5 min . or so -RRB- at the end where women dance in different costumes , so that you can see how the moves can be put together .
 I am a beginner and after viewing magical motion I feel that I am on my way to becoming a great dancer.Atea is a great instuctor she takes great care in guiding you through the moves with precision.The dancers in her troupe -LRB- some of them anyway -RRB- were pretty good especialy Nina one of her dancers I really liked her dance style.I also appreciated the history lesson at the beginning of the video.My only gripe is that I must agree with another reveiw I read about Atea , she is stiff and uncomfortable in front of the camera.But she does have some gracefullness , her style reminds me of a ballerina and she knows her hip moves.over all as a beginner I feel that this tape was very educational and motivates one to discover more about this dance form that has been around since the dawn of civilization !
 I have been taking Belly Dance lessons for several years . I found this tape very helpful and the instructions clear . I think the intent of the tape is to introduce certain movements and let the viewer be creative . So if you are looking for a full workout you will not get it from the tape . You have to make your own . But that is one of the beauties of the tape . If you want to dance in the privacy of your home or if you are thinking of taking lessons , I think this would be great for you . It is a very gentle tape . Do not be fooled by the 1996 date listed here . That must be the reprint date , my tape said 1985 which explains the dated hair and makeup . Atea is not the most animated speaker but I think that is in line with gentle nature of the tape . I think the tape is very much in the spirit of belly dancing as it encourages the viewer to use her own style .
 Bellydancing is an ancient art form . Its origins can be traced to India , Africa and Polynesia . This dance is suitable for all ages and body types . The fluid graceful movement provides focused exercise for the pelvic , hip and stomach regions . When you add the arm movements , this exercise is expressive and creative . The first section of the video gives some of the historical background to this dance.The arm techniques will give you more flexibility and strength . As you move your entire body , the natural movements will exercise every muscle in the body . It will especially strengthen the abdominal muscles . While you are dancing away your belly , you will also notice improved posture and self-confidence . For this video , you do n't need any exotic costumes , although the ones the dancers wear are absolutely the best I have ever seen . You may want to buy a scarf for one of the latter sections to learn veil techniques . Finger cymbals are also used , but you can just pretend you have them.This exercise video begins with a warm-up , then Atea shows you all the basic moves . The 5 dancers featured in this video show you how to incorporate the basic moves into a more free-style dance . There is no fancy footwork and the dancers are quite good . All the moves are easy to learn , but will take time to incorporate into your own dance routine.Bellydancing is a low-impact exercise , yet you can feel you are getting a great workout . You will start with stretching , head rolls and some basic warm-up exercises . Then you move a section where you learn basic hip movements . You will then learn to isolate and control various muscle groups . If you wear comfortable clothing , you will be able to accomplish all the moves . There is music in the background , but it is n't the focus.Bellydancing is healthy for the mind , body and spirit . If you want to put a little oriental spice into your exercise routing , this is not at all a traditional workout . It is very enjoyable and not at all fast paced . Take your time and enjoy the dances that were born at the beginning of time . ~ The Rebecca Review
 If you want a good intro to this style of dance , this is an excellent place to start without leaving the privacy of your home . The instruction is clear , excellent lighting , gorgeous costumes and the quality of the tape is very good . My only complaint is that I really would have liked to learn a complete dance so that I knew how to put the moves together and feel the `` finished product '' .
 Great video for intro to belly dancing and for reinforcing what you already know . I love this video , I also bought their Belly Dance Fast Moves , and Slow Moves , great , great , great , training videos . Also highly reccommend `` The Ancient Art of Oriental Belly Dance ''
 Atea is indeed a gentle and warm guide as she demonstrates basic moves and gives a good background to the dance form . It is nice to see the variety of dancers demonstrating different styles and costumes .
 This video has been made years ago , the scenary , the efects , the make up and other things tells you that this is an old tape . there you 're gon na find only extremly basic movements.I didnt like that the tape has many cuts to introduce each part of the video , that i find really a waste of time that could be use in teaching . But in the other hand is quite simple and easy to follow.Atea is quite cold as a trainer , doesnt transmit the energy and strenght that belly dance carries itself . And you can see her reading the lines she 's telling in front of the camera.But still is a good choise for a first learning Belly Dance video .
 This is a great introduction to belly dancing ! This starter video takes you through many moves for the dance with a peek at veil work , finger cymbals and costuming . Good value for the time and quality of instruction.Unfortunately , you can learn some of these moves incorrectly with this or any tape . If you can , find a local class/instructor . Plus , it 's more fun to learn with a whole group of women !!
 I have rented this video from my local library ; and I 'm impressed with the care that was taken to provide a gentle atmosphere and clear instruction . The music fit the beautiful movements and costumes , and I liked the briefing on Belly dance -LRB- oriental dance -RRB- history . However , the harsh lighting made some of the dancers look washed out and the use of heavy makeup was in poor taste .
 I bought this video because I 've become interested in Bellydancing as an artform and workout regimen . The video is great for demonstrating technical Bellydance moves . The costumes are GORGEOUS and INSPIRING , and there is a very interesting segment on the HISTORY of the dance as an introduction . The video is a bit DATED , but no matter since it is an ancient art form . There are sections teaching some use of the veil and finger symbols also which is neat . the downfall to this video is that it does NOT pull things together to create any type of routine . It just shows a new move , and so-on . I 'd like to be able to take the moves I 've learned and put them together nicely . This video does NOT show you ways to do that . It is a very GOOD inroductory tape though . You DO feel like you are receiving a beginners lesson to the dance and its origin .
 Yes , she 's a bit stiff , but it 's easy to follow if you are a beginner . You 'll be beyond this tape before long , but you can follow the basic moves easily . Once you have that you can add your own pazazz . And it 's pretty .
 This is the best by far of all the instructional tapes on learning to belly dance . The series is done very professionally and the teaching is clear and is well demostrated . Top Notch !
 Loved it , perfect for the beginner . Perfessionally done , great costumes & dancing .
 I was thinking of puchasing this video when I came accross this web site with clips from the video on it!http : / / www.magicalmotion.com/videomagicalmotion.htmlI'm going to buy it just for the fabulous explination of the belly roll .
 At&eacute;a 's approach is friendly , encouraging , and thorough . The costumes are great -- very inspiring . Unfortunately , there is no choreography , and the music is n't very Middle Eastern . However , it 's still a very good intro to belly dance , with an encouraging attitude . It 's great for the beginner with no access to classes . At&eacute;a 's approach is to let the music guide the movement , so no choreographed movements are taught . If you like a bit more structure in your instruction , this is not the video for you.The box maintains that it is a `` complete home course '' with beginner through advanced moves . In it , you will learn basic movements , as well as veil and zill work . The various movements are demonstrated regularly throughout the video by At&eacute;a and other dancers.The final&eacute; features dancers in yet another costume change -LRB- there are 50 costumes shown in this video -RRB- , dancing solos in a joyful atmosphere of friendship . You get the sense that every one of those women is having the time of her life , and that she loves this dance.I would recommend this as a first foray into Middle Eastern dance , especially if you have no way of taking a class with a `` live '' instructor . The movements she teaches are basic , true , but provide a good foundation , and the encouragement to experiment . I enjoyed her approach , even after having taken a class .
 This video is excellent . Movements are broken down and explained very clearly . It is great for beginners.The costumes are nice , and many are shown.The dances are done by various body shapes and types.It is well worth the money.Warning though , you can tell that ATea is not comfortable in front of the camera ,
 A friend recommended this to me as the best instructional video to really learn bellydance and she was right . Atea 's Magical Motion is unique compared to other bellydance videos I own and have tried . The video starts with a brief , informative history of bellydance , which reveals a few facts that I know I was n't aware of , including its health benefits.This video appeals to the type of learner that I am . Even my instructor has commented that I take my time to learn something before moving on . Atea teaches in small segments , showing us 3 or 4 related movements at a time . Her analogies work very well for me ; for instance , imagining that I 'm tracing a figure eight on the floor or a clock on the wall . She takes time with each movement and encourages us not to focus too hard or get frustrated , pointing out that bellydance should be relaxed and fun , and that perfection will come in its own time.Some other reviewers felt that Atea is a bit `` stiff . '' I think that this is because she spends a lot of time explaining the movements verbally and sometimes the visual has to wait catch up . If you watch the beginning segment closely , you 'll see that Atea and the other two dancers are trying not to burst out laughing because they 're standing in stance for such a long time waiting for the narrative to finish.While Atea reminds us of the health and fitness benefits of bellydance , she is also teaching real , genuine bellydance with all of its joy and freedom . While it will work you out because bellydance is great exercise , this is not a `` workout '' video . Personally , I 'm experiencing positive changes in the shape of my body while having tons of fun and without really trying , a great bonus.After each segment , Atea basically says , `` Okay , now let 's dance , '' showing us how to put the moves together with other dancers , who rotate with each section . In addition to learning and practicing the basic moves , watching other dancers is another important part of learning . Atea shows us a variety of dancers with many different styles to inspire us.Following segments on staccato hip movements , taxim , arms and a little taste of veil work and zills , we are treated to an incredible costume fashion show with dancers of all shapes , ages , sizes and ethnicity . Both the veil segment and the costume piece will give you lots of ideas for putting your own moves and look together.The end of the video is my favorite part . Atea points out that the heart of bellydance is really about friends getting together to share fun , joy and creativity and we are given a glimpse of a hafla . All of the dancers in the video show us their stuff . This is how my instructor teaches , encouraging freestyle dancing during breaks , after class and at weekly hafla . We learn from and encourage each other.I was drawn to my own instructor due to her passion and and love for bellydance , a passion that Atea seems to share . The first time I saw my teacher dance , she was smiling like she was having the time of her life . I 've met other instructors over the years and none got me motivated enough to actually show up at their studios . I called her at The Hippie Shack in Tulsa , OK less than two weeks later to enroll . Bellydance has literally saved my life after the loss of my husband six months ago , bringing enough joy and passion back into my life to keep me from drowning in depression.If you attend classes as a beginner , Magical Motion will help you supplement what 's being taught . If you 're not interested in classes or ca n't attend , this video is one of the best for learning bellydance in the absence of professional instruction .
 I really got into belly dance workouts about 6 years ago and purchased this video at that time . I remember hating it and thinking that it was the most worthless video I 'd seen . After falling off the belly dance wagon , I now lead a group of women who are learning to belly dance using instructional videos . In going through my collection I revisted this video and realised that it would have made a great introduction to the world of belly dance . I plan on teaching a new group next year and will use this video the first night for those who are interested in the history and basic moves . I am so glad that I gave this video another chance .
 This was my first bellydancing video . I 've taken no classes or had any sort of instruction prior to ordering this video . After less than a week of practicing , I 'm already pretty good at the basic moves she teaches , and ready for another tape . She does a very good job at breaking down each movement , you can really see how it is done . I 'd say if you are a beginner , this is the tape to get . Just remember that once you master the individual movements , you are going to need to get another tape to teach you to put the moves together into an actual dance .
 As a beginning dancer , I found the technique taught in this video gives a solid foundation to build on . Atea explains each step and teaches very clearly , and the movements are not too difficult for a beginner ! The performances feature several different dancers and many beautiful costumes , and the choreography and music are moving and inspiring . I would recommend this video to anyone wanting to try something new , and get a feel for bellydancing for fun and exercise . This video may be too basic for experienced dancers , but it makes a fabulous beginners ' tape !
 This was one of the first Bellydance instructional videos on the market and I believe Atea did not have the in front of the camera experience and production assistance of many of the slicker more current videos/DVDs . Despite Atea 's slightly stiff appearance and the somewhat dated aspects of this production , the essential information -LRB- and many of the bellydance fashions -RRB- are classic and have not changed very much at all . It is a great introduction to the dance , basic moves , history , and costuming .
 This was one of the first belly dance videos that I bought . I still love it -LRB- even after two years of serious study -RRB- . I now recommend it to anyone who wants to begin bellydance ! Atea 's choice of dancers and costumes ; her clear instructions ; the repetition of each move so that you can follow along -LRB- dance with her - as if you were at a lesson -RRB- are all excellent . The quality of everything - lighting , sound , music , introductory material - are all high . This is an inspirational as well as practical video .
 This video is well done , teaching the basics of the dance and showing a variety of costume styles for everyone . I would recommend this video to anyone just starting out learning to belly dance .
 I enjoyed this video a lot . Some of the negative comments that have been made refer to the instructor 's self-consciousness in front of the camera . But that is actually hardly noticeable , and it never shows when she 's dancing . This video was my first introduction to belly dancing and I really liked the way each basic move was presented and repeated . The demonstrations of veils , cymbals , and the attention paid to costuming -LRB- throughout the video ! -RRB- was excellent . It 's inspired me to continue and to seek out other videos , so I think that makes it a very good tape .
 This video has advantages over the others I have bought in several ways-The photography is clear and moves close enough to the dancers -LRB- in the relevent area -RRB- to allow someone new like me to actually understand what they are doing.She explains clearly what she is doing . Pretty rare!The secondary dancers are different from segment to segment highlighting thier strengths and getting a better taste for different styles.There are dance sections showing how the moves just shown can be used in dance.Overall - Good ! Wish I could find a teacher in Las Vegas .
 This video was pretty good ! She is a bit stiff and is constantly looking at the cue cards , not the camera , but she 's there to teach the moves not act ! For beginners I would say it 's good except you ca n't see the legs or feet to well . But overall it is a pretty good video and I would reccommend it solely for the knowledge of the basic moves in Bellydance !
 Someone mentioned a website with clips for Magic Motion ... and I have recieved my copy of this movie yet , but it is on the way and I wanted to tell everyone that the weblink mentioned earlier has changed to http://www.magicalmotion.com/clips.html^_^
 I ordered this video along with two others by Atea . It is a good introduction for beginners , easy and fun to follow along . But it is obviously dated , both in hairstyles -LRB- big hair ! -RRB- and video quality . I hope Atea will make an updated version of this tape.In the event she updates the video , my suggestions for improvement would be :1 . Move the history of the dance to the end of the tape , merely because when you are using it as a workout video , it 's a pain to have to fast-forward past that portion every time you want to dance .2 . More full-body shots so one can see exactly what a dancer is doing with feet , arms , etc. , rather than focusing on one part .3 . Atea is a good dancer , but she is stilted when speaking in the video and obviously reading cue-cards . I think she should stick to the dancing demonstrations and do a separate voice-over for instructions , or better yet , use someone with a more relaxed and natural voice for instructions .
 I thought this was an excellent video , the movement were easy to follow and the inspiration given by the variety of dancers was motivating.The video also gives some great ideas for costume styles and colors . I have used these tapes a number of times when writing a new performance or just working out .
 Here ` s another reason I ` m beginning to hate Mya releases - this one ` s a retitling of ` The Strange Vice Of Mrs. Wardh ' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , directed by Sergio Martino -LRB- Torso -RRB- and starring Edwige Fenech -LRB- ' 5 Dolls For An August Moon ' , ` All The Colors Of The Dark ' , ` Your Vice Is A Locked Room ' , ` Lover Boy ' , etc.etc . -RRB- , which has NOTHING to do w / The Ripper - it ` s false marketing on all counts . AND it ` s the EXACT same transfer -LRB- maybe not even as good -RRB- used by the now-sadly defunct NoShame label -LRB- sniff -RRB- . Except there are NO extras , which made the NoShame releases even more enjoyable . The movie itself is a good one , IF you enjoy Gaillos , Sergio Martino OR Edwige Fenech -LRB- and quite frankly , for that time period , who does n`t ?? -RRB- . I ` d recommend searching out the NoShame release on Amazon or Ebay before I plopped down $ 24.99 for the bare-bones reissue from Mya -LRB- read my many other Mya releases reviews for additional details -RRB- - these folks are raiding other vaults to retitle and regurgitate either out-of-print classics or movies that you do n`t really need to see , and marketing them deceptively to an unsuspecting core audience who , frankly , deserves better treatment than this . But the flick itself is worth your time and attention regardless of the repackaging or distributor , I ` m just tired of Mya selling the sizzle and not the steak ...
 The title of this film was originally `` Next '' . The film had a great plot and action which kept one on the edge of one 's seat.It would be helpful to put the title `` Next '' by the new title so that buyers know that this is the same movie.Sincerely , Terra Schoenberg-JohnsonDave Johnson -LRB- husband -RRB-
 The Bad Boys of Hollywood as you have never seen them before.This special breed lit up the screen with blockbuster films and their private lives did not pale in comparison.A gossip gourmets delight!Newly discover footage that will spotlight these lovable rogues as they lived out our fantasies.Marlon , Brando , Errol Flynn , Robert Mitchum , Dennis Hopper , Jack Nicholson , James Dean , Sean Penn , Steve McQueen , John Bulusi are all here !
 San Francisco Bay Area filmmaker James E. Manning and co-producer Shely Pack have created an extraordinary look into what inspires kids to pursue the fantastical world of dance and why it can drive some parents totally nuts . Why Dance is a simple question that gets answered in simple cinematic terms . Focusing on the subject of Ballet , Manning aims his camera straight at the creators of this magnificent art form - its dancers , directors , choreographers and coaches . Manning pushes through the illusions , beyond the stage scenery , and demands more than a conventional response . His 6-chapter documentary is a finely-tuned balance of keynote questions , edgy concerns , light and humorous insights , unhesitating honesty and vigorous imagery . His guests are long-careered world class dancers and choreographers , multi-talented judges and coaches , young prodigies from established companies and neighborhood studios , and a set of still-amazed parents suddenly yanked into social change , daunting challenges , stupefying commitments , and finally - blessed acceptance . Within this nearly 2-hour presentation are the blistering facts about physical training , pain and tolerance of pain , pirates and pirouettes , to eat or not to eat , trophies and tutus , tights and toe shoes.As director , editor , narrator , and composer of the film 's incidental music , James E. Manning demonstrates a sharp sense of style , rhythm and timing . The overall tone of Why Dance is warm and inviting , his expert storytellers are engaging and persuasive . Personal anecdotes are bolstered with footage of class work-outs , dress rehearsals and a competition dance routine . Manning 's editing is like fine choreography - the separate transitions flow together gracefully with ease and purpose.Why Dance is the perfect gift for the family with that special child who begins moving whenever music is in the air . This documentary merits a spot in every library in every neighborhood and in every school . As the Fine Arts Critic for The San Francisco Sentinel , it is my privilege to cover San Francisco Ballet . The Company attracts and employs the best dancers in the world . Each dancer started in a class with other kids who were probably bouncing off the walls and using common hallways as personal runways . They all know the answer to - Why Dance?By Se&aacute;n MartinfieldSan Francisco , CA
 This is a very new ballet documentary with many interviews of students and parents on the joys and sacrifices of dancing ballet . There are many fine scenes of dance routines and the technical proficiency of these dancers is very impressive , indeed . Such is the state of ballet in the 21st century ! Several aspects are covered , such as training , family support -LRB- or the lack of it -RRB- , competition , injuries , and eating disorders . This is certainly long enough -LRB- almost two hours -RRB- , but my only criticism is that in many of the interviews we see the person seated in a chair for almost the entire segment , instead of having them talk over scenes of dancing . As a ballet dancer myself , when people start to talk about dancing , I want to see dancing while I listen to them -LRB- or else I feel the need to get up and dance myself ! -RRB- . There certainly should have been enough of available footage for this . As it is , it is still an excellent , American look at ballet .
 What a wonderful epic about Love , Politics , War and Betrayal in 1940 's Ireland . The characters are unique and well played ... Trevor Howard and John Mills are a forceful precence ... and Oh , the scenery ! Long , ... . but a must see !
 This was one of the best movies ever !! I needed a DVD copy that 's why I bought it . Recommend it highly
 I think this is a lost David Lean treasure and it is one of Mitchum 's finest works . He was a really good actor and I am glad this movie is showing up again and getting good reviews . I think the academa award going to John Mills was a BIG mistake his performance does not hold up over the years . There is a fun book you should get that explains all the complications that went on with the making of this movie that should be included with the DVD
 I had last seen this movie when it came out in 1970 . The plot , scenery , acting are as good as it gets . John Mills ' performance as Michael earned him a well deserved academy award . He had to spend hours every day just on make-up . As time goes by people pass but their art stays with us forever . Most of the actors in Ryans Daughter are long gone . This movie that was initially not a critical favorite has stood the test of time and is in my top ten along with such movies as Kelly 's Heroes , The Graduate and so on . Watching it on VHS format did n't diminish a thing .
 I loved the movie 40 years ago and I love it just as much now . A recent trip to Ireland made it even more moving . The openingscene of the Cliffs of Moher was just as beautiful as when I saw it on my trip . Much of the dialog about the `` troubles '' in Ireland went over my head when I saw the movie as a young women , hovever they made a real an impression this time . Christopher Jones is still great to look at . Recommend it highly .
 While this movie was not `` highly acclaimed '' when it was released , back in the late 1960 's or early 70 's `` I think , '' I have always like it and watch it about once every two or three years . It is the kind of movie that you never get `` fully bored with . `` On a scale of 1-5 stars , I give it only four -LRB- 4 -RRB- stars , since it is one of those movies that many `` action junkies '' would not like ; even-though , it actually has quite a bit of `` lower key action '' and beautiful phototgraphy to support it.My bottom line is
 While not his best work , this under-appreciated film shows some of David Lean 's cinematic genius . The stellar cast is brilliant . Just give yourself time to watch this one uninterrupted !
 David Lean created this version of ` Madame Bovary ' on Irish terrain late in his carreer , and he may have done his best job , if not for ` Brief Encounter ' - my other Lean favorite - . This film has it all . There 's not a subject that ca n't be picked by the absortion of it , since society v. the individual are depicted honestly and naturally.This is a great work , of the kind of masterpieces of other genres
 I do n't want to reiterate what has already been said , but this is a movie and story that will stay with you for a long time . Robert Mitchum is wonderful and unexpectedly believable as the initially reluctant but eventually steadfast schoolmaster husband . Sarah Miles is convincingly tragic as the village girl who wants her married life to reach the soaring heights of the gulls she sees on the beach but is greatly disappointed . And Christopher Jones gives a strong performance as the man haunted by what he has seen and done in war . The other `` star '' of this picture is the sea ... what glorious cinematography ! I really want to own a copy of this , but am just hoping a DVD will come out soon . I may even write the distributor ... that 's how good this movie is . See it !
 I was given a copy of this film several years ago by my old uncle , and buried it , somehow unable to overcome a number of inherited prejudices about the film to ever put it on . When I finally did so I was staggered at my stupidity and the beauty and breadth of Lean 's film.What can I say now but see this film ! It 's one of the masterpieces of colour cinema . The setting , the politics of Irish nationalism at odds with the occupying British forces , the parallel stories of two kinds of love ; there 's just layer on layer of intrigue and complexity here , and even with its mighty length , nothing extraneous or long-winded exists in it.There 's so much in this movie , it puts most modern films to shame . It 's not just in the story . The sheer power of the coastal landscape and its colour ; the wonderful array of characters , even if there 's a paucity of genuine Irish actors among the cast . Sarah Miles , a great and perhaps underrated actress , is unbelievable in her passion , a woman seeking a deeper connection with love than others around her , which leads her into big trouble . Mitchum is stoic and full of compassion and grace as her husband the schoolteacher ; Trevor Howard plays the Catholic priest to the core ; Leo McKern as Ryan the -LRB- re -RRB- publication sits well , and John Mills fills the shoes of a Shakespeare-like fool admirably.Lean was a great interpreter of Charles Dickens ' novels in the 1940s
 THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL FILMS I EVER SAW . VISUALY STUNNING . IF YOUR A FAN OF GREAT CINEMATOGRAPHY DO NOT MISS OUT !!!!!!!!! THIS FILM WON THE OSCAR IN THAT CATEGORY FOR BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY IN 1970 .
 Ryans Daughter is a beautiful , romantic , sweeping movie that gets bogged down by the hammy prformance of John Mills . Not only is Christopher Jones a great beauty , he is also excellant as the shell shocked brittish Major Dorryan who shows Sarah Miles -LRB- Rose -RRB- character what it is really like to be a woman for the first time in her life -LRB- after a dissapointing marriage to the older Mitchum -RRB- . Top rate performances by Sarah & Robert Mitchum , also , but Jones is the standout with a haunting performance that leaves you wanting for more of him .
 `` Ryan 's Daughter '' probably does n't get the recognition that director David Lean 's larger scale epics like `` Lawrence of Arabia '' or `` Dr. Zhivago '' because it 's something of a departure for him . This film focuses on a small coastal Irish town during the war for independence from British occupation . What is large here is the emotions . Whether we 're talking about the ilicit affair between Rosy -LRB- Sarah Miles -RRB- , the frustrated teachers wife , and a shellshocked British officer or the anti-British fervor among the locals the emotions are large here . Scriptwriter Robert Bolt fashions a script here that is deep in characterization . The ensemble cast is uniformly excellent with probably Robert Mitchum 's staid teacher , Trevor Howard 's consciencious priest , and John Mills ' simpleton being the standouts . If for anything else see this film for Freddie Young 's sumptuous cinematography . This has to be one of the best looking film 's ever .
 I remember seeing this when it first came out . It was quite amazing , and one must commend the great David Lean for taking a relatively simple story and giving it legitimate epic stature . Oscar-winning cinematography and a glorious score by Lean regular , Maurice Jarre , add to the magnificence . The never nominated Sir John Mills won a most deserved Oscar ; indeed , I did n't know it was him until the final credits rolled . Sarah Miles also received her only nomination , in a complex performance that is nothing short of perfection . After reading other reviews , no one mentioned the great Robert Mitchum who , pressured to get married , realizes that his young bride would soon be bored by his sexual impotence . He 's probably the least concerned when her infidelity is brought to light . The beautiful Christopher Jones certainly made a mark ; too bad he gave up on a film career . And I agree with a previous reviewer that Lean 's `` A Passage to India '' was sorely neglected . Everyone praises `` Kwai '' , `` Lawrence '' & `` Zhivago '' , but I find I 've watched `` Passage '' much more than those others . `` Ryan 's Daughter '' was also nominated for `` Best Sound '' . Indeed , the turbulence of the Irish coast is almost a character unto itself . I 'm very pleased that this film is coming out on a 2-disc DVD . I only wish I had a big-screen TV , but I 'm also pleased that I had the opportunity to see it on the big screen , where its power blew me away . UPDATE , 11-8-08
 How can such a beautifully filmed movie directed by David Lean not yet be available on DVD ? The superior quality of DVD over video tape would lift this film to the level of how it played on the big screen when first released . The storms , the Irish coast and just about every other scene filmed would look so much better on DVD . John Mills gave his finest performance in this movie and won a deserved Oscar.It would be a fitting epitaph to his memory if the film distributors reissued Ryans Daughter in DVD . Nearly all of David Leans other films are available in DVD format . Why not this epic film ?
 I do n't know if this is David Lean 's best film , because I have n't seen his earlier movies , but it is better than all his big budget movies , starting with `` The Bridge Over The River Kwai , and it is one of the all-time great movies . A relevant fact is that the screenwriter , Robert Bolt , was married to Sarah Miles , the actress who played Rose . They later divorced , and rumors had it that their relationship was the inspiration for the script . If so , Bolt rose above his personal pain in heroic fashion , because the straying wife in the movie is depicted very sympathetically.The movie received bad reviews originally , most famously from Pauline Kael . Since I have n't read her review , I 'm not sure what her complaint was . I 've always suspected that it did n't click with audiences at the time because Robert Mitchum was cast completely against type . Up to that point he had been one of the movies ' sexiest leading men and always got the girl . In Ryan 's daughter he was the older , cuckolded husband , who seems to be sexually repressed . I think this was too much of a shock for his fans -LRB- which probably included all adult filmgoers of the time . -RRB- Audiences do n't like reminders of their own mortality . My God ! Mitchum is that old ?? Yet it was one of the most powerful performances of his life . He even managed a fine Irish accent.Also , the political situation between the British and Irish at that time may have confused American audiences , who probably thought Ireland was part of England and could n't figure out why the picturesque locals hated the handsome soldier . Why are all those people with British accents -LRB- ? -RRB- shooting at their own soldiers ? The fact that it was happening during World War One was probably also confusing to Americans , who do n't know their own history , much less Ireland 's . And yet , the inter-relationship between the political events and the two love stories is perfectly handled by the script . In nearly all other war movies , the love story seems pitifully out of place . The audience simply ca n't figure out how that beautiful woman got herself into that battle , nor how she manages to keep her dress so spotless in the midst of all that mud ! Or , if a love story throws in some historical events , it all seems like boring , unnecessary exposition . Here every word counts . Every scene between the lovers raises the sexual tension , and every scene with the Irish and the soldiers raises the stakes for everyone.There are two scenes in this movie which vault it into the best-of-all-time category . Both are the work of Robert Bolt , the scriptwriter , and both are entirely visual , with no dialogue . Both include the village idiot , a mute.SPOILER FOLLOWSIn the first of these two scenes , the handsome soldier , new in town , stops in the pub to have a drink , trying to make friends with the locals . Rose , the barmaid , tries to be rude , since she has been taught to hate the British , but you can tell she is attracted . They are alone in the pub , except for the crazy mute , who begins to swing his leg mindlessly , banging it against the bar . It startles the soldier . Bang , bang , bang , in perfect merciless rhythm . The soldier tries to ignore it . The mute is happy , clueless . Bang , bang , bang . The soldier begins to crumble in front of our eyes as we see flashbacks of him in a trench in France , cringing in terror during a bombardment . Finally , he collapses , gasping on the floor , suffering a full-blown panic attack . Rose rushes to his aid , comforting him until his breathing slows and the horror leaves his eyes . It is a shockingly intimate moment , and entirely non-sexual . Yet after that moment , they are intimate , and they know it . He recovers , apologetic and confused , and leaves the pub . Rose thinks she knows why he was transferred from the Western Front to her sleepy Irish village
 This is Sir David Lean 's most underrated film . The critics trashed it when it was released , and the negative publicity made it a huge bomb . Lean was so devastated that he did n't direct another film for 14 years . As usual , critics have shown their ignorance once again -LRB- like on Heaven 's Gate -RRB- . This is a great epic film , with some of the most intense scenes ever committed to celluloid . The storm sequences , which took months to film , is brilliant . There were no trick shots used . No CGI -LRB- this was 1970 -RRB- . Everything you see is real , which makes it even more fantastic . The performances are wonderful all around , Freddie Young 's 70mm photography is fabulous , and Lean 's direction assured . Especially telling is Robert Mitchum , who gives a wonderfully understated performance , in total contrast to his tough guy image . Lean is a master craftsman/artist , and this film is fabulous . Many people have posted good reviews here , and kudos to them . Ignore critics . If you want to see a film , see it . Too often critics are way behind the curve ...
 I agree with a previous review ... this SOOOOO needs to be on DVD ! I remember the movie from 1970 , would so love to see it again , but I have been unable to find it for rent at video stores . I would definitely purchase the DVD ~ ~ Who do we call !
 I first saw this film when it came out , it haunted me for days . The score9 by Maurice Jarre -RRB- and the photography -LRB- Freddie Young won a most desevred Oscar for -RRB- is breathtaking and Sarah Miles is so beautiful she takes your breath away . Set in Ireland during World War I and the British occupation of Ireland . Rosy Ryan -LRB- Sarah Miles -RRB- sets her cap for the local school master played by the great Robert Mitchum . They marry and her life is not what she expects until a British Officer enters it while she is tending bar . The chap is played by Christopher Jones who was the Colin Farrell of his day . The scene in the pub when they meet is one of the most tender loving scenes ever filmed . The affair that follows brings heartache to all . The villagers in this small Irish town gives lynch mobs a bad name . The pleasure they exact from teasing the village idiot -LRB- played by John Mills and may I add with beauty and heart -RRB- and later taking their revenge on an innocent person they believed to be the traitor . I do n't want to give away the ending ot the story but I just purchased it and watched it for the first time in thirty years and was reminded what a storyteller David Lean was . Candace Serviss
 Ryan 's Daughter is a wonderful , sensual love story set on the rugged , west sea coast of Ireland . It is about community , religion , tradition , youth , discovery , want , war and infidelity . And Sarah Miles is very sexy in her roll as the disillusioned Rose.Rose is a young woman who is trying to come to terms with adulthood and sexuality in the small world of an Irish village . There ar n't many good young men around so she has her sights set on an older , single , male schoolteacher , played by Robert Mitchum . Well , after a fanciful marriage and still a virgin , Rose discovers that the teacher is n't such a hot lover , which leaves Rose a bit disappointed . `` There must be more . '' She tells her priest , played by Trevor Howard . `` Be careful what you ask for Rose . '' he tells her , `` Because as sure as hell you 'll get it . `` And then the movie starts.When this film first came out , I was so spellbound by it that I went to the cinema to see it repeatedly , unlike any other movie . I became totally absorbed in the sheer epic of such a simple love story
 If you 're like me , you already own everything else by David Lean -LRB- KWAI , LAWRENCE , ZHIVAGO , PASSAGE , and all those Criterion gems -RRB- , and you 'll want to add this `` lost '' epic to your collection . I have 4 all-time fave directors , and the other 3 are Hitchcock , Kubrick , and Kurosawa . If you share my taste in films , grab this one.Warner Home Video has done yet another amazing job here . Oh , my God , how beautiful is this movie ?!! The anamorphic transfer and Dolby Surround make it look and sound like it was filmed last week . The stark tragedy -LRB- cribbed from MADAME BOVARY -RRB- is set in gorgeous coastal Ireland during the 1916-21 Rebellion , with a truly impressive cast . Mitchum , Howard , Mills -LRB- who won an Oscar -RRB- , McKern , and lovely Sarah Miles -- all of them never better than they are here . Christopher Jones , though not in their league , is used to good effect . Freddie Young 's Oscar-winning cinematography and Maurice Jarre 's wistful score round out the package . The result is a work of great power and intelligence.The critics in 1970 trashed RYAN 'S DAUGHTER for its old-fashioned technique and romanticism , and they dismissed it as `` Lean 's Folly . '' Well , they were wrong . You 've heard the expression , `` His biggest flop is better than everyone else 's best effort . '' This film proves it . Nobody makes movies like this man . Nobody . This is a voluptuous example of the lost art of cinematic storytelling .
 Each month I scan the `` new '' issues to see if the studio has issued this first rate movie onto DVD but to no avail ! when one sees the amount of rubbishy films now being re-issued , it really makes me angry , I guess the reason being the fact that Ryans Daughter was panned in the States , but hay Yanks , how about we Brits ? the film was well received over here and is still regulary screened on TV . Freddy Jone 's photography should be reason enough but add Sarah Miles , Bob Mitchum , John Mills , where is the problem ?
 Ryan 's Daughter is one of the all time great movies . Just for the scenery alone , it should be put on DVD . Come to think of it , I do n't know why Turner Classic Movies has shown it.Sarah Miles , a long overlooked actress , is delightful as Rosy . I would buy a VHS copy but at $ 70 I 'll wait until it is on DVD.Barbara Callow Rajnovich
 No one was a more masterful film maker than was David Lean , the British director who brought us such unforgettable classics as `` Lawrence of Arabia '' , `` Bridge Over the River Kwai '' , `` Doctor Zhivago '' and , of course , `` Ryan 's Daughter '' -LRB- see my reviews of all these films -RRB- . The cinematography in all of Lean 's films is always spectacular and breathtaking , for Lean had a special appreciation for how the nature of one 's natural surroundings set the stage and influenced the dramatic proceedings . Lean characteristically focused his films on the ways in which individuals and their personal characteristics clash and meld with the larger social , cultural , and historical surround in which they are located , and so each film is a uniquely captivating study of the specific dynamics of each particular individual situation . Each of these films is also a well-choreographed and photographed excursion into the topography , climate , and landscape of the geographic location in which the drama unfolds . The eyes and ears are always delighted by what Lean displays.Here both the Irish seascape as well as the bucolic countryside underpin this classic tale of how different life circumstances trap and constrain individuals , and how much each of us are affected by the greater social surround in which we interact . Robert Mitchum is cast against type , and does a marvelous job as an aging bachelor who has caught the fancy of a young and extraordinarily beautiful student who wants him to fulfill her youthful fantasies about all those adult characters he taught so ably about in class . Of course , the young woman , played ably by a young and gorgeous Sarah Miles , is bound for disappointment and a rude awakening . Things are not always as much like these literary descriptions as she had hoped.Into the picture comes an attractive , dashing , and daring young English soldier , played by Christopher Jones , who is immediately fatefully attracted to the young and foolish woman , and eventually an affair begins . All of this is set in the climate of both the Irish ` troubles ' and the threats associated with the ongoing First World War in Europe , in which Ireland is anxiously uninvolved . As in all of the Lean movies , the ways in which each character 's nature , individual characteristics , and personal foibles project themselves into the larger social circumstances provides the focus of the unfolding story . While the plot is nowhere near as memorable as in some of Lean 's other movies , the story is well told and is an interesting and compelling look at small town life in an isolated and provincial Irish village in the early years of the 20th century . I always enjoy watching it ; any David Lean film is a lovely experience that is an enchanting way to while away a rainy Sunday afternoon . Enjoy !
 David Lean 's earthy film takes place in a small village on the wild Irish seacoast . World War I is raging in Europe , but the villagers have their own war - against the British soldiers who are camped nearby . Teenage lovely , Rose Ryan -LRB- Sarah Miles -RRB- , has a schoolgirl crush on her middle-aged teacher -LRB- Robert Mitchum -RRB- and dreams of becoming his wife . When they do marry , she is immediately dissatisfied and seeks passion in the arms of the enemy , English Major Doryan -LRB- Christopher Jones -RRB- . Sarah Miles is perfect as the willful and conflicted young girl , and Mitchum , though an odd casting choice , is convincing as her kindly husband . Trevor Howard gives a wonderful performance as the town priest who knows everybody 's business , and John Mills certainly deserved his Best Supporting Actor Oscar , playing a pitiful mute . Christopher Jones has the right look as the tortured , shell-shocked soldier , but his acting is wooden and even though he utters only a handful of words , his voice had to be dubbed by another actor.The rough and wild coast is beautifully photographed in the director 's sweeping style , and Maurice Jarre 's soundtrack is haunting . I was enchanted by this movie when it first came out , and still find it a lovely , sensual , and impressive film.Kona
 This SOOOOO needs to be on DVD !!!!! This beautiful little gem is one of those great movies that just keeps haunting my memory even after all these years ... and considering all the crap hollywood churns and what they deem worthy to go on DVD this would be a welcome bit of fresh air to see this again and add to my library .
 ... including the Amazon.com critic . I daresay that Ryan 's Daughter is David Lean 's greatest movie - yes , even better than Dr. Zhivago and Lawrence of Arabia . Unlike the critics who lambasted the `` miscasting '' of the actors , I say that Sarah Miles -LRB- the younger adulteress -RRB- and John Mills -LRB- the village idiot -RRB- - both of whom earned Oscar nominations , with Mills winning his outright - were perfect for their roles , as were performances by Trevor Howard -LRB- the in-your-face yet wise priest -RRB- , Leon McKern -LRB- the blustery yet traitorous father/publican -RRB- , and Christopher Jones -LRB- the war-torn and lonely British Major -RRB- . Even American Robert Mitchum played a believable duped , middle-aged husband - Irish accent and all . But no , the critics were quick to dump on Mitchum for taking a part outside his typical tough-guy role . It was like the critics expected him to beat the tar out of the British Major in the end -LRB- I guess then they would have been satisfied . -RRB- But Mitchum did something that the critics failed to see before - the man acted his role perfectly.Overall , the plot is tight for a three-hour-plus long movie and each scene adds to the overall plot . The amazing thing about this script is that you ca n't help to root -LRB- and feel sorry -RRB- for the adulteress , her soldier lover , her husband , the priest , the Irish rebels , the British soldiers , even the village idiot . The only people you hate outright are the narrow-minded , hateful , lazy villagers . You even feel sorry for the publican who finds himself in an impossible position as he betrays first the rebels and then his own daughter.Outstanding acting aside , the cinematography of Ryan 's Daughter is incredible . You can not help but be amazed at the beauty and grandeur of the coastline of Western Ireland . The storm scene where Irish rebels and the villages pluck German weapons and explosives off the sea-ravished rocks is unparalleled in movie history . -LRB- And this is before digital creation -RRB- . I wonder how long Lean waited for such a storm to appear and then direct the actors/stuntmen in accordance with the dictates of the storm?Like all Lean directed movies , he uses sweeping vistas to show the immensity of space . He illustrates the pull of adultery with natural scenic symbolism as the lust-struck couple seeks privacy for their coupling . How many directors even bother nowadays with photographic symbolism ? Not many considering the audiences of today who go to movies to react rather than to think.Ryan 's Daughter is a perfect tale of betrayal , lust , love , and beauty - elements all found in other Lean movies , but perfected to artform in this epic.David Lean created his masterpiece in Ryan 's Daughter ... too bad only a few really see his genius here . The critics are fools .
 Beginning with `` Bridge on the River Kwai '' in 1957 , the only David Lean film I would rate less than 5 stars is `` A Passage to India '' and I would give it 4.8 . `` Ryan 's Daughter '' is simply one of those films that any serious creator of a DVD library should have on his/her top 25 list . It is so spectacular that , for the life of me , I ca n't imagine what has taken so long for it to arrive in DVD format . As with all his films , Lean 's cinematography is truly unequalled , but there is n't a single ingredient with which one can find reasonable fault . `` Ryan 's Daughter '' is what filmmaking should always be and so rarely is .
 We visited the Dingle peninsula of Ireland this fall and had to see this movie that was filmed there . Turns out that , in addition to having great scenes of the Dingle countryside , it also has a very good story line . And , terrific acting and some Irish history thrown in for good measure .
 Ryan 's Daughter one of the best cinematographic delights of the 20th century . An outstanding international cast provides truly the most marvellous of characters and depth of storyline . A truly emotional rollercoaster for the viewer with seductive influences . Great .
 The movie was a beautiful story of love and loss starring Sarah Miles and Robert Mitchum . It was set on the Dingle Peninsula in Ireland -- the scenery was breathtaking and was an integral part of the storytelling . The back story of the Irish revolution and the role of the townspeople in that effort added a complicated and interesting twist to the story . I loved the movie and the characters and no one captures heartbreak in a beautiful setting better than David Lean -LRB- director -RRB- also of Dr. Zhivago fame .
 This DVD edition looks phenomenal . Beautiful photography in a great production . The film was unjustly maligned when it came out , probably because it lacked the anit-authoritarian `` spirit of the sixties '' in vogue then . RD may have looked out of place then ; it looks timeless now . Well-told story ; well-made film . Excellent extras that discuss the making-of , as well as the critical backlash .
 Director David Lean and screenwriter Robert Bolt are the same team that brought us Lawrence of Arabia and Dr. Zhivago , so expectations prior to the release of this film must have been sky-high . That being the case , I can understand why this film was panned by critics in 1970 . The pace is glacial . At times , the film is so slow it seems to be going backward . The film clocks in at 3 hours , 20 minutes , but the story could easily been told in under 2 hours , without sacrificing a single pertinent detail . Easily.That being said , there are some wonderful performances here . John Mills , who plays Michael , the village idiot , won an Oscar for his outstanding performance . But the strongest performance was Trevor Howard 's . Howard plays the village priest , heroically trying to exert an uplifting influence on his parishoners , most of whom are barely smarter than Michael , and much more savage . Robert Mitchum is cast very much against type ; in most roles , he exudes casual but strong virility , yet in this role he is called upon to play a milquetoast aesthete who can not sexually satisfy his young wife . And he does an excellent job , nailing the Irish accent , to boot.The real star of the movie , however , is the beautiful west coast of Ireland , lovingly photographed . This DVD looks absolutely gorgeous in an anamorphic widescreen 2-disk transfer . The scenery alone is well worth the price of this DVD , even if you ignore the bloated , melodramatic plot .
 David Lean , one of the best directors of late 20th centurycinema , made this small , unpreposssing story into as fine a filmas most of his other ` big story ' creations . See it !
 This is not only a spectacular and stunning piece of film making , it is a powerful anti-war film . If you can watch this film today and not be haunted and disturbed by it , you are not paying attention . I watched it recently for the first time in over 20 years and came away shaken . I ca n't help but wonder if it is not on DVD because there are people who do not want this film to be widely available . As it is now , you have to dig for it . If more people watched this film they might be asking questions our `` leaders '' would rather have left unasked . If you have not seen this film , or it has been a number of years since you saw it last , I can recommend it . It is not an overt anti-war film with an explicit anti-war message , but after seeing it , you will not view world events with the same eyes you did before , I promise .
 I saw this movie when originally released in 1970 . It had always left a strong impression upon me.Seeing it 42yrs later , is a real treat.It had created a profound impression upon me in '70 but years later it had softened a bit.The depth and beauty of Ireland is quite evident.Robert Mitchum , is stellar in this role.The story is timeless .
 I recently took the time to watch Ryans Daughter again since seeing it about 48 years ago at the movies . Filmed on location in Western Ireland with the Atlantic Ocean as a back drop . Scenery to die for . A superb film with exceptional screenplay . The actors were well suited for their parts except Robert Mitchum . How on earth did he get in the movie when there are many fine Irish actors that would have been more suitble ? I urge All women to see this movie . It is truly a Chic flick Five stars for sure
 As wonderful as the performances are -LRB- even the underrated Christopher Jones -RRB- the real stars of Ryan 's Daughter , besides the great director , David Lean , are the cinematographer , Freddie Young -LRB- who won an Oscar for his work -RRB- , and location manager , Eddie Fowlie . Visually this 70mm film is feast , a perfect Candidate for Blu-Ray or HD-DVD .
 DAVID LEAN COULD HAVE DIRECTED ALMOST ANY FILM HE WANTED AT THIS TIME IN HIS CAREER , AND HE CHOSE THIS PROVOCATIVE AND EMOTIONAL STORY OF A LITTLE TOWN IN IRELAND . THIS MOVIE IS DIFFERENT THAN ANY OTHER OF HIS , INCLUDING THE EARLY ONES . THE CASTING IS SUPERB , COULD NOT BE BETTER RIGHT DOWN TO THE SMALL ROLES LIKE MAUREEN . I SAW IT WHEN I WAS 13 WITH MY PARENTS WHO WERE LEAN FANS . ITS HIS BEST FILM , TREATED BY SOME AS HIS WORST FILM . I EXPECTED TO SEE ALEC GUINESS IN IT , BUT THERE IS NO REAL ROLE FOR HIM . THE COMPLEXITY OF THE PEOPLES LIVES IN THE FILM IS AMAZING AND I THINK AHEAD OF ITS TIME FOR 1970 FILM VIEWERS .
 A very , very long movie that will hold your attention with some of the greatest cinematography , ever , and a well-told story of passion , intrigue , and haunting evocation of what is truth ? One of the ten best movies of all time . Extraordinary !
 Ryan 's Daughter -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- David Lean 's very interesting romance set in Northern Ireland in 1916 . Robert Mitchum is almost type-cast as the sleepy-eyed and plodding village school - master , who marries young Sarah Miles . Christopher Jones is the British Officer who has an affair with Sarah during his stay in the village . But there are only two real stars of the show - the beautiful , sweeping scenery and John Mills , who won a supporting actor Academy Award , for his brilliant , sympathetic portrayal as the hunch - backed village idiot . Production designer , Stephen Grimes , obviously inspired by David Lean 's extravagance , creates an entire village to use as the main set . Trevor Howard and Australian , Leo McKern are also very good in their roles .
 Ryan 's Daughter is a massive film , both in length and in scope . David Lean 's films have that rare quality that most other films do n't have
 Arrived in state indicated . Prompt and without problems . I would recommend this individual for future purchases of similar items . No further comments need to be made .
 I had seen this movie years ago , and am delighted to have a copy now.Seller was prompt , dvd was as described , and Thank You !
 I loved the movie when it came out and was really glad to find it and see again
 I originally saw this movie on TV back in the late 1970s . I like the cinematography and of course the acting is superb . However I think the beginning and intermission could have cut out where all you get is about 10-15 minutes of orchestra music with a still picture of Ireland 's countryside . Especially at the end of disc 1 where the music goes non-stop and then you realized that the movie continues on disc 2 .
 David Lean 's long -LRB- the adulterers do n't even start boffing until 1 hour and 47 minutes in to this long - 3 1/2 hour -RRB- lusciously filmed lascivious movie , set against the backdrop of the `` Wild West of Ireland '' during the Irish Rebellion of 1916 , is a lovely period piece about forbidden love . John Mills -LRB- Haley 's Daddy -RRB- deserved his Supporting Actor Oscar for his touching portrayal of Michael , the `` Village Idiot '' who displays more sense than most of the village . Mitchum plays well against type as the cuckolded village schoolmaster , and Trevor Howard ` tis grand as the priest pressed to preside over the whole mess of it.This reviewer was disappointed in the `` Two-Disc Special Edition '' as the `` specials '' are not very special at all , at all . The commentary by the Widow Lean , Sarah Miles , Mitchum 's Daughter et . al is a Mutual Admiration Society of fawning , saccharinly self-laudatory blather of mostly biographical fluff and is a missed opportunity to dispel American popular misconceptions about `` the Troubles '' as merely a matter of differences in religious theology . / TundraVision , Amazon Reviewer
 This movie would make a great opera adaptation . Dare I say Sara Miles carries the movie more than the David Lean imprint and the obnoxiously heavy-handed score ?
 Delivery time has improved from USA to Australia & all went well !
 The video was sent promptly and was in very good condition as have all the items I have purchased from Amazon . Thank you
 Item arrived quickly and packaged well , appeared to be in good shape . I purchased it as a gift for someone else and they have n't had time to watch it yet , so not sure if it works ok or not at this point .
 I recieved this product in a timely manner and it was in good condition . I am very satisfied with this product .
 If you live in California , open your eyes and look aroundyou may see him.He is an Actor/Artist . You can buy his work , or buy printsfrom his work . There is a website called : The Official Christopher Jones website online.People say Sara Miles was so Pretty , well so isChristopher Jones!Patty
 After his hit successes with `` Lawrence of Arabia '' and `` Doctor Zhivago '' David Lean apparently felt that he could handle any epic of any style . This original work shows that he may have overdone it . An adulterous love affair with a dashing British officer in Ireland during WWI is the core of this film , similar to what we saw in `` Zhivago '' . The rugged coastline and its people reflect what we saw in `` Lawrence '' . However the photography is simply gorgeous and ravishingingly beautiful . The best performance is no doubt Sir John Mills as the village dummy who ca n't speak but understands the human events that swirl around him without reason , deservedly winning him an Oscar for this film , as did the photography . Attractive and appealing , but not of the same heights or nature as with Lean 's earlier creations . Novel adaptations seem to work better in his favor .
 Often regarded as the masterful David Lean 's `` least great '' film , this story of rural southwestern Ireland during the First World War is still an extremely beautiful exercise in film making . One of only two films in the last third of the twentieth century to be shot in 65 mm , a sort of cinematic precursor of today 's high definition , Lean was on record in later years as saying this was the film he was both proudest of and also most frustrated by.Concentrating more on its stark but lush physical setting than its characters -LRB- sometimes focusing on setting to the detriment of its characters -RRB- Ryan 's Daughter is a story about one Rosy Ryan , the pampered , pretty young daughter of a famous town publican , Tom Ryan , who marries a kindly but much older schoolmaster , Charles Shaughnessy , and soon comes to regret that she has . Bored with her limited wedded life , spoiled , always wishing for things she can not have , the pretentious Rosy becomes infatuated with a melancholy young British military officer who has been sent to her desolate corner of Ireland after returning home from France wounded in the leg . The townspeople in the area are an aggressively closed-minded and xenophobic lot , virulently anti-British and pro-Republican , and Rosy , fool though she sometimes seems , is aware of what her fate would be should her involvement with the tragic-natured Englishman be revealed . What Rosy is unaware of is that her celebrated father , the town 's leading man , is also a double agent who feeds information on Republican activities back to the British . A risky practice to say the least.Through it all the little town is kept under control by Father Collins , a stern presence in the community , feared , respected , deferred to by old and young . The phlegmatic Collins tries to direct Ryan 's wayward daughter to be sensible in her life , but Rosy seems impelled toward behavior that can only bring ruin onto herself and those connected to her . Her recklessness makes Rosy far less a sympathetic person than an annoying one . She clearly and repeatedly places herself above others and accepts others ' hardships as a small price for her own comfort . Her moment of possible redemption late in the film opens the door to hope for her , but the impression is that this is but a brief aberration in a deep-set egotism that is probably unshakable.This movie is famous for its scene filmed on a beach during an actual raging Atlantic gale , and even from the comfort of home to see multi-story waves break over and over amid furious winds makes you appreciate the commitment that went into making Ryan 's Daughter what it was . All in all , however , Ryan 's Daughter is not a great film . There is a paucity to its plot that deters its inclusion among the upper ranks of Lean 's greatest works , and deep down the characters here breed their own destructions in ways that makes one feel their fates were warranted . The beauty of Ryan 's Daughter is strictly visual rather than contemplative , and the truly best films of all time are those that brim with both.Four stars , but well worth seeing .
 Not that many movies have been more loved or hated in the history of motion pictures . Considered a lesser effort and a misfire in David Lean 's career it still stands the test of time and in my opinion is one of the best films ever made.The scope of the story goes from minimalist in depicting the characters to grandiose in the way `` Lawrence of Arabia '' or `` The Bridge over the River Kwai '' was . It is a long movie , but the story flows and it brings Ireland to life in a way not seen since `` The Quiet Man '' . Cinematography and music are as usual the best you can find . And the actors , severely criticized over the years make some of their best performances . Including Robert Mitchum believed by many to be miscast for the part . John Mills portrayal of the village idiot rightly brought him and Academy Award . And if we do n't compare Sarah Miles to Julie Christie she stands on her own.Let David Lean take your hand and take you to Ireland ; you will be glad you did .
 `` Ryan 's Daughter '' was a unique David Lean offering , for it had no story prior to its original screenplay . It does offer something that is quite different . It is an epic that is really very small in scope . Set against the Irish/British turbulence that exists even into today , the film tells the story of a very young woman who marries the wrong man -LRB- a schoolteacher played by Robert Mitchum , who lacks any real sexual awareness -RRB- and then falls in love with the wrong man -LRB- A British Sergeant who is stationed in her home town -RRB- . Ultimately she is found out and disgraced and she has no choice but to leave town . Her father is an informer in the film , and John Mills -LRB- in an Oscar-winning performance -RRB- plays a mute , crippled human being who catches on all too soon to what Ryan 's daughter is up to . Sarah Miles deservedly received an Oscar nomination for her performance . She is sensuous , young , forthright , fragile and ultimately heart-wrenching in her final scenes . Robert Mitchum surprises in a very low-keyed role as her husband , and Christopher Jones is very fine as the soldier who has seen too much of war 's devastation . We witness it several times throughout the film . Maurice Jarre 's music is sensuos and then militaristic -- and all highly original . Lean 's palette is as beautiful as ever . It is a long film , but one that I intend to re-view several times for its subtleties . And just where is the DVD , MGM ? I hope they intend to release it .
 This movie combines marvellous scenery with some superb character acting . Although lacking some of the power of other David Lean movies , it does however portray a moving love story with the added interest of an armed insurrection !! A `` must see '' movie for anyone who enjoys movie-making on a grand scale - and long before Stephen Spielberg got in on the act . I would thoroughly recommend this movie and it occupies a worthy place among the other classic movies directed by David Lean .
 This should have been a classic . I saw it originally in the 70s and decided recently to rent it ... I wanted to know if it had the same appeal ... if anything , it was far more beautiful than memory served . the scenery is spectacular , the acting suberb ! They do n't make movies like this anymore ! Pour yourself a nice glass of wine and settle down to a very entertaining movie .
 A small Irish village . A dull old husband . A young restless wife . A handsome soldier . Majestic endless beaches . Burgeoning passion . An adulterous affair . Village gossip . Scandal . Religious guilt . Mob consciousness . The atrocities of civil war . David Lean . Robert Mitchum . Trevor Howard . Sarah Miles . Christopher Jones . John Mills . And the most cinematic sex scene in movie history . `` Ryan 's Daughter '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- has all this and more . `` Ryan 's Daughter '' was largely panned by the critics in 1970 , a fact I find completely incomprehensible . `` Ryan 's Daughter '' is a cinema masterpiece by the master of cinema masterpieces , David Lean , the great director who brought us `` The Bridge on the River Kwai , '' `` Lawrence of Arabia , '' and `` Doctor Zhivago . '' Do n't believe the critics of 1970 . See this Masterpiece for yourself !
 For many , it would be easy to overlook this film by David Lean . The film , as well as Mr. Lean , was thoroughly roasted by the critics upon its release as being self-indulgent and boring ; a claim that still colors its reputation some 35 years later . Its running time is over 3 hours -LRB- with an intermission -RRB- and its pacing can easily be dismissed as tedious for those addicted to today 's more hyper-speed level of storytelling . But it is a beautifully told , magical film , that slowly lingers and draws in its viewer , delivering an incredible evening 's fare . Though it does not rise to the level of Lean 's masterpiece , `` Lawrence of Arabia , '' it certainly offers many brilliantly directed moments and breathtaking photography , making it a `` must see '' for any film lover.Warner Bros. , after an incredibly long wait , has released a beautiful and appropriate DVD release for this classic film . The film looks incredible !! Really , it just looks awesome ! The colors are pristine , the print is crystal clear and free from age . I could not believe how stunning the picture looks . The film is spread over 2 discs , offering the optimum bit rate to ensure a top-notch transfer . The sound has been remixed to Dolby Digital 5.1 and , though it is far from reference quality , supports the film very well . -LRB- However , on my system , the music sounded incredibly flat . Particularly the Overture . -RRB- There is a bounty of extras that include a thoroughly engaging and informative audio commentary from a wide-range of participants . The commentaries have been perfectly edited together to form a cohesive narrative that runs throughout the picture . Very well done . The additional DVD-specific documentary is of the traditional fare -LRB- helmed by the DVD extras master himself , Laurent Bouzereau -RRB- , offering rare interviews with David Lean and writer , Robert Bolt , as well as recent interviews with many of the film 's production crew , recent Lean biographers , and others . Plenty of good stuff to go around.All-in-all this is an outstanding DVD release for one of Lean 's most under-appreciated works . If you have n't seen it , get this DVD . If you have seen it , get this DVD , it will be a welcomed addition to your collection .
 Another curate 's egg from Lean , but redeemed by one of Robert Mitchum 's greatest ever performances , bravely cast against type as the gentle Irish schoolteacher who becomes the village joke when his young wife takes up with a shell-shocked British officer . Ignored at the time for the showier attractions of Mills ' village idiot -LRB- a role Norman Wisdom desperately wanted -RRB- , it 's a remarkably intelligent and subtly observed character study that holds far more appeal than Sarah Miles ' title role . As always , Lean reserves the real talent -LRB- Mills , Trevor Howard , Leo McKern -RRB- for the sidelines and comes up with one of his blandest leads in the shape of Peter O'Toole lookalike and future down-and-out Jones while the force of history is reduced to background for a simple love story.Maurice Jarre 's score is something of a liability , but overall this is still the best of the director 's post-Lawrence films and certainly not fully deserving of the critical slating that led to his 17-year absence from the screen . There is still a very real sense of the cinematic , with both colour and the widescreen ratio exploited to the full , something the increasingly TV-conscious director refused to even attempt with the surprisingly poor A Passage to India.Although much impact is lost in the step down from 70mm to TV screen - particularly during the vivid storm sequence - the widescreen DVD makes it seem like a different and much better film if you 've only ever seen it panned-and-scanned before . With some excellent extras , it 's a fine presentation .
 I have recently watched Ryan 's Daughter on VHS about three times , after not having seen it in over 30 years.The cinematography is out of this world , and where all the villagers went down to the sea is so gripping that the viewer could be swept into the sea having to watch for his or her life . David Lean makes all the characters very real . What a powerful figure John Mills played as the village idiot . Father Collins plays a country priest in this village along the west coast of Ireland , but he has tremendous knowing of the people and of life in general . Rosy Shaughnessey is the young dreamer who falls in love with the dashing young British officer , and Rosy 's husband , Charles who is much older than Rosy kindly keeps in the background , hoping the romance will die a natural death . Some of the village characters are utterly vicious , and you are made to feel an intense dislike for them.The political situation between England and Ireland is clearly defined throughout the movie .
 No one would argue that David Lean was n't an exceptionally talented director . For Ryan 's Daughter he assembled a talented cast and beautiful location -LRB- Ireland -RRB- to paint the picture of two lovers torn asunder by social and political forces . Unfortunately , unlike Dr. Zvivago which was a critical and commercial success , Ryan 's Daughter was unable to match the intensity or impact of Lean 's other films.The fault lies mostly in the direction by Lean - this film would have been served by another pass in the editing room to tighten up and shorten some of the scenes and in the case of the two lovers , slow it down a bit to allow the audience to buy into their intense attraction for each other . I have read that the talented actor who plays Rosy 's love interest -LRB- Christopher Jones as Major Doryan -RRB- was faulted for providing a flat performance - after watching this movie , it is obvious to me he -LRB- Christopher Jones -RRB- was scapegoated for the lack of more cohesive directing and editing . Jones hit exactly the right note in portraying the Major as a tragic character - shell schocked from his time at the front and both physically and spiritually a broken man . There are two seminal scenes in the film where the Major is stricken by his panic attack flashback to the fronts - these are beautifully and subtley played by Jones - watching him struggle to control himself and beat back the panic it is hard not to feel compassion for him . The character Rosy , played by Sarah Miles , is also hurt by jumps in the story - the scene in the village bar where she meets the Major is rushed and not believable even by today 's standards for attraction . Lean would have been better served he he allowed the characters some time to develop a rapport versus exploding into an immediate attraction which seems unlikely based on the social mores of the time and the circumstances of their meeting . I think that Lean himself was n't sure how to portray their instant attraction so the next time we see the lovers is in a long , drawn out , strange scene of them riding through the forest looking for a place to have a lover 's tryst . The scene is akward , slow moving and does nothing to help the audience invest emotionally with them.While it is a flawed film - I rate it 4 starts due to the the acting which is superb , some beautiful camera work and a haunting and memorable score . Sadly , Christopher Jones the young actor who played Major Doryan gave up movies after making this movie and Lean himself did n't make another movie for 14 years . Yes worth a watch but expect some long scenes where you might want to use the remote to speed up a bit and do the editing that Lean and his crew should have done before the movie released !
 I saw this movie when it first came out , it was hauntingly beautiful . I am so happy to get it on DVD . Some may find it a little slow in areas , but I loved it . If you appreciate the work of David Lean , and the acting of Sarah Miles and Robert Mitchum , then you will love this . It ranks right up there for me with Dr. Zhivago , which I also had the pleasure of seeing when it first came out on the big screen . A wonderful epic movie . The seller was extremely prompt and made the purchase feel as though I was buying from a friend . Way to do business !!
 If you can survive the first hour of exposition , you 'll be able to enjoy at least three sublime scenes
 This is a movie that has everything , romance , drama , suspense , betrayal , tragedy , beauty and a wonderful story which incorporates it all . Filmed in magnificently beautiful Ireland by the renown David Lean . David Lean is the best cinematographer to have ever lived . He makes every frame come alive . What Van Gogh did with paint he does with film . Every frame is filled with the nuances that will capture an artist 's attention . The way he uses sound and landscape to capture your full attention entertains both your eye and your soul . The movie is truly a masterpiece . I saw it the first time in 1971 in Hollywood in Cimemascope with a surround screen , and I was so impressed by it then . Just like the other films David Lean filmed Dr Zhivago , Lawrence of Arabia and Bridge on the River Kwai , it is just as good now as it was then . Simply Amazing .
 This may be the most visually beautiful movie I have ever seen . Beautiful soundtrack . Excellent acting in particular by Mills and by Mitchum . Directed by Sir David Lean one of the greatest directors of all time . Every serious fan of the movies should have this in his collection .
 One of Sir David Lean 's best if not his best in my opinion . If you have n't seen it that 's a shame . Not a kids movie or young adult -LRB- depending on maturity -RRB- . One long sex scene , some violence , and morality issues . Best enjoyed by mature adults . Great classic
 Although this is not considered David Lean 's best it certainly gives you a very good picture of the Dingle Peninsula . The audio commentary is excellent and although many different voices are heard you always know who is talking . Great insight into the making of this film including a discussion about Lean 's effort by several noted film critics . - well-worth it
 This is such a powerful film and visually stunning . When I listen to the soundtrack from the film , it makes my hair stand on end . Why oh why , is it not available on DVD ? I have rented the video occasionally through the years but I desperately wish to add `` Ryan 's Daughter '' to my film library . At $ 80.00 -LRB- US -RRB- the video is extremely expensive and wo n't be the same quality as a DVD . Sarah Miles is fascinating in the film and John Mills is amazing , even Robert Mitchum , never a favourite of mine , was really thought-provoking . All this emotion , and that 's before you even get to the turmoil and violence of the political background this story is set against . Such an age-old story , beautifully told and showing the wild and dramatic beauty of the west coast of Ireland . And of course the wonderful soundtrack by Marice Jarre .
 This neglected film has many things going against it.By today 's standards , it moves too slowly . Robert Mitchum is seriously miscast . Maurice Jarre 's score is an overblown outrage which nearly wrecks everything.But give Lean a chance . He is , after all , a Grand Master . Be patient with his leisurely pacing ; allow the windswept , desolate landscape and magical lighting to work its enchantment.It 's a tone poem , you see.One of the opening titles proudly announces , `` Photographed in Super Panavision on the west coast of Ireland . '' What director nowadays cares enough to demand the finest image quality possible ? Who has the clout to insist on months of expensive location shooting , when digital `` money shots '' are only a point and click away ? Not even Steven Spielberg , the most powerful director in Hollywood , has ever made a genuine 70mm epic ! RYAN 'S DAUGHTER represents the end of a grand tradition
 Most would probably consider this a 70s chick flick , but it is far superior to that genre . These are characters imbued with all the frailties of real people . Sarah Miles had a brief run in the 70s on the A list of female British stars . Though I was never a huge fan -LRB- she always projected a very fragile and neurotic vibe -RRB- , she is perfect for the role of Rose , the refined , romance obsessed , spoiled daughter of the local pub keeper in a small village on the Western coast of Ireland . Her older cuckolded husband , the local grammar school teacher , is played to perfection and against type by Robert Mitchum . A man who loves her so deeply he can not even bring himself to confront her regarding her affair with the handsome , young English officer who has been snatched from the front lines and assigned to this godforsaken outpost due to a bad case of post traumatic stress from WWI . The movie was unfairly panned when it was released . Although it may not suit the audiences of today who need gory slam bam action scenes in every frame to hold their attention , for those who enjoy a beautifully photographed landscape , and intense character development , along with grade A acting , this film will satisfy . The characters display the whole gamut of emotions and behaviors , noble and depraved , of which humans are capable . Robert Bolt 's screenplay is to be credited greatly with the success of this film . Some of the scenes between the characters are so touching and heartbreakingly authentic that it is easy to forget these are not real people . The one disappointment for me
 I , like so many of its fans , can not understand what was in the minds of critics at the time who bashed this film . No , it is certainly not Quiet Man , and thank God for that . The Ireland reflected in Ryan 's Daughter is not your quaint , leprechan-filled stereotypical place beloved by the world that does n't know much about the real Ireland . The atmosphere in this movie is haunting and disturbing and reflective of a great deal in Irish life , particularly at the time of the revolution against British rule . The attitudes of the narrow-minded villagers was realistic and in line with the church-dominated lives they led , and the Irish are great begrudgers so their jealousy of the lovely daughter of the local publican is quite believable . However , this story of a young woman married to a respectable and kindly older man but yearning for romantic love takes on a greater significance when it addresses the deeper issues involved
 It 's no surprise to me that David Lean 's penultimate film , 1970 's `` Ryan 's Daughter '' , is the last of his epic films to receive the deluxe DVD treatment since it is likely the most maligned and misunderstood . However , the 2006 two-disc package really shows a genuinely affecting , WWI-era romantic melodrama set against the stormy western coast of Ireland . Calling it a sweeping epic does not really do justice to the splendid visuals that Lean and his favorite cameraman Freddie Young present here -LRB- Ireland 's Dingle peninsula looks stunning -RRB- , yet at its core is an intimate love triangle that raises the ire of the village given the political frictions between Britain and Ireland . It seems a shame that the film was so lambasted when it was released since expectations were set so high after Lean 's previous three films , all three widescreen masterworks - 1957 's `` The Bridge on the River Kwai '' , 1962 's `` Lawrence of Arabia '' and 1965 's `` Doctor Zhivago '' . Written by Robert Bolt -LRB- who also wrote `` Lawrence '' and `` Zhivago '' -RRB- as a Celtic variation on Flaubert 's `` Madame Bovary '' , the plot is focused on Rosy , the spoiled , headstrong daughter of Thomas Ryan , the local publican . She seeks a more cultured life and sets her sights on Charles Shaughnessy , the educated schoolmaster . Rosy makes the naive presumption that Charles ' worldliness represents great passion but finds out otherwise on their wedding night . Enter Major Randolph Doryan , the young , shell-shocked British soldier assigned to take command of the local army detachment . Doryan and Rosy enter into a passionate affair , but it 's a matter of time before Charles and the rest of the village find out . Meanwhile , a band of Irish rebels led by Tim O'Leary are intent on retrieving a shipment of German arms in order to take umbrage against the unwelcome British occupiers . The two plot strands merge , and tragic consequences ensue.There are certainly moments of excessive , florid abandon in the film , especially when Lean focuses on the illicit lovers . The director goes all out in making the lovemaking scenes between Rosy and Doryan combustible , first in the pub amid Doryan 's traumatic flashbacks of exploding bombs and then in a lengthy and surprisingly carnal scene in a wooded enclave . Their mutual rapture is at turns moving and titillating . The other drawback is that unlike `` Zhivago '' or `` Lawrence '' , Lean does not really integrate the political backdrop of the story fully into the triangle plot . Rather , he uses it more as a plot device to give the story a greater historical resonance . At the same time , some sequences highlight Lean 's brilliance as a film auteur , for example , when Charles gradually discovers the reality of his wife 's indiscretion on the beach or the aftermath of the town pillaging when Rosy is brutalized for her alleged role in helping the British . From a technical standpoint , Lean 's pure cinematic mastery can be best seen in the storm sequence , when the town bands together to get the boxes of artillery . Maurice Jarre 's music is memorable , as his haunting theme plays constantly throughout.The performances are variable , though all the key players provide strong moments . Sarah Miles handles the difficult role of Rosy with dexterity , especially as she runs the risk of alienating the viewer with her extramarital deception . In what has to be the most atypical role of his lengthy career , Robert Mitchum is a revelation as Charles . His natural tough-guy veneer has been completely subverted to play a passive , accepting man whose love for Rosy remains unsullied by the harsh reality of her adulterous behavior . It 's a masterful performance because with a minimum of fuss , Mitchum taps into the depth of despair experienced by the cuckold husband . Looking pained and obviously cast for his James Dean-like demeanor and look , Christopher Jones portrays Doryan with brooding stares and a minimum of dialogue . Lean does what he can to camouflage Jones ' comparatively stoic performance , but the result still provides a sagging imbalance to the love triangle . A heavily made up John Mills plays the mute gargoyle-like Michael as a series of tics and befuddled looks . Leo McKern effectively plays Ryan for the weak-willed hypocrite that his character is , and his emotional abandonment of his daughter is quite affecting . As Father Collins , Trevor Howard has a wild-eyed look about him at times , but he passionately provides the moral compass for the story.As the movie runs for three hours and fifteen minutes -LRB- actually shorter than `` Lawrence '' and the same as `` Zhivago '' -RRB- , the film is spread across two discs separated by an intermission . In fact , like any epic , there is orchestral music for the overture , intermission -LRB- which ends part 1 -RRB- , entr ` acte -LRB- which begins part 2 -RRB- and ending . The print quality is superior and the sound even better . The commentary track has several participants who take turns commenting on the scenes . DVD producer Laurent Bouzereau smartly introduces each speaker in order to avoid confusion , and the differing perspectives can be quite interesting . Disc 2 has a solid , hour-long 2006 documentary , `` The Making of Ryan 's Daughter '' divided into three chapters , as well as a couple of production shorts made at the time of filming .
 I am happy `` Ryan 's Daughter '' is coming out on DVD -LRB- finally ! -RRB- and I agree with the other reviewers that it is one of Lean 's masterpiece 's of epic scope . But so far , all the accolades have been saved for `` Kwai , '' `` Lawrence '' -LRB- above all -RRB- , and `` Zhivago . '' Much less is said about `` A Passage to India , '' Master -LRB- Sir -RRB- Lean 's consummate masterpiece , based on the E.M.Forster novel , perhaps because he made his own version of the story -LRB- changing beginning and ending -RRB- . It is a movie where even the most minute character is developed , and a message for humanity -LRB- `` only connect '' -RRB- , in ascending scale , is given in compelling dramatic fashion . I saw `` Ryan 's Daughter '' when it came out in the big screen , and it is a dazzling romantic tragedy , fabulously photographed , and brilliantly acted . Ca n't wait to own the DVD and treasure it as I have all the other epics , five in all -- the only epics , as a whole , that elevate the much-worn format in the 20th century . MY admiration increases every time I watch it , saying to myself what were those `` high-brow '' critics at the Algonquin Hotel , in New York , in 1970 , thinking when the movie came out , making outrageous comments that the sensitive Lean took to heart and stayed away from moviemaking for fourteen year ? Thanks to this edition , and the upcoming blu-ray , people at last can see it in all its magnificence . Encouraging to see all these comments from new and old viewers who feel as I do , and perhaps even higher , about this movie -- which becomes better with time . Note on 9/20/2012
 A breathtakingly beautiful film from the `` Magic 3 '' - David Lean , Director , Freddie Young , Cinematographer , and Maurice Jarre , Music -- who also gave us Lawrence of Arabia and Dr. Zhivago . An ordinary enough story , but played beautifully by first rate actors , it moves right along and I became very involved in the fate of its characters . I wanted Sarah Miles to have her passionate love , but then again , I did n't want her good husband -LRB- Mitchum -RRB- to lose her , I wanted the British officer -LRB- Jones -RRB- not to be tortured and haunted , and I did n't want anyone hurting the lovable village idiot . -LRB- John Mills deserved the Oscar he got for this role ! -RRB- The relationship between John Mills ' and Sarah Miles ' characters broke my heart . And I hated , hated with a capital H some of the others -LRB- I wo n't say who and spoil it for anyone -RRB- . This is all to say that I was pretty much transfixed and transported by this movie from start to finish . And if there 's any scene in any movie from the beginning of time that 's more erotic than the one in her father 's pub when Sarah Miles ' character first meets the British lieutenant , I hope someone warns me ; I do n't think I could withstand it . I love my video of the movie , but I wish I could see it again on the big screen for the impact of the magnificent cinematography of the Irish coast . And of the pub .
 This is a sensitive , heartfelt and mature masterpiece . An exploration of the fine and sometimes dangerous line between love and fantasy , all stitched seamlessly into an epic backdrop supplied by the struggle for independence in pre-republican Ireland . The movie is a little hindered by the casting of non-Irish actors , reminiscent of the absence of Russian actors in Lean 's `` Dr. Zhivago . '' But disregard this shortcoming and enjoy . There are moments of pure cinema in this film . Savor the jump to a lingering introductory shot of Rose Ryan 's semi-fantasy British army officer , standing quietly in the middle distance on a remote country lane . This comes immediately after a noisy and energetic close-up of Father Collins , on a beach , warning Rose that she might get what she wishes for . Best of all , for me , is the imagery conjured up later by Rose 's increasingly suspicious husband , Charles Shaughnessy . He imagines himself silently watching Rose and her soldier strolling together in a scene of intense romance that he knows he himself could never provide for his wife . We watch Charles , on the screen , watching a vision of his own private fears and longings . Be sure to catch this wonderful , beautiful film .
 `` Ryan 's Daughter '' is one of the finest films in cinema history . It is the third and best of the great trilogy of films made by David Lean -LRB- director -RRB- Robert Bolt -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- and Maurice Jarre -LRB- music -RRB- . The first two were `` Lawrence of Arabia '' and `` Doctor Zhivago '' . The film is visually and emotionally as powerful as the wild scenery and weather of Ireland 's west coast which feature so prominently . The story of a young woman 's struggle to find something special in life , and her ostracism from her close knit community , set amidst the historical turmoil of the Irish rebellion of 1916 , is utterly compelling . The performances of this glittering cast are breathtaking . John Mills -LRB- Michael - the village idiot -RRB- received a richly-deserved Academy Award for his role - in which he at no stage utters a word . Trevor Howard as the village priest contributes his finest ever performance . Leo McKern as Ryan plays a role with flamboyance and emotional complexity . Robert Mitchum as the cuckolded husband is brave , understated and exactly right . Sarah Miles , in the lead role , plays a character who is transformed by the experiences she undergoes . The film received poor critical reviews at the time of its release -LRB- from the same reviewers who had praised `` Lawrence '' and `` Zhivago '' -RRB- , although it did reasonably well at the box office . It is as if the reviewers did n't want David Lean to become too big a figure in the film world . Robert Bolt -LRB- his other credits include `` A Man for All Seasons '' and `` The Mission '' -RRB- demonstrates his talent as a screenwriter of powerful drama with this masterpiece . `` Ryan 's Daughter '' is a wonderful story , beautifully told . It is all that a great film should be .
 among the most ridiculous critical reactions to any movie ever is the vicious reaction to david leans film . a coterie of untalented hacks -LRB- led by the likes of pauline kael and richard schickel -RRB- were bound and determined to tear down lean after the huge financial successes of his past few movies , and this gorgeous meditation on the power of forgiveness -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- was their victim . with robert mitchum cast against type , and sarah miles -LRB- ripped into by some idiots as being given the role because she was the wife of screenwriter robert bolt ! -RRB- , and three great character actors
 I fell in love with this movie , when I was a child and saw it with my parents , later when it came out on video , I was thrilled , I can hardly wait for it to come out on dvd !!!!!! its such a beautiful seance picture , the love story is wonderful and sad at the same time . it gives you a real view of what it must of been like to commit , the forbidden , and fall in love when you are already married , in a small town in days gone by . it is possible to love two people at once and differently , this movie shows it with great understanding , and shows how small minded , some people in small towns can be , but also shows how forgiving another can be to someone they really , love , I cry each time I watch it , if you love real love stories , beauty , and reality , this movie is for you . just wish , it was now in dvd , this is a classic , and should be viewed by all movie lovers . Even if it only stays in video its one you dont want to miss . Aloha Jerrye
 Ryan 's Daughter is a wonderful , sensual love story set on the rugged , west sea coast of Ireland . It is about community , religion , tradition , youth , discovery , sex , war and infidelity . And Sarah Miles is very -LSB- attractive -RSB- in her roll as the disillusioned Rose.Rose is a young woman who is trying to come to terms with adulthood and sexuality in the small world of an Irish village . There ar n't many good young men around so she has her sights set on an older , single , male schoolteacher , played by Robert Mitchum . Well , after a fanciful marriage and still a virgin , Rose discovers that the teacher is n't such a hot lover , which leaves Rose a bit disappointed . `` There must be more . '' She tells her priest , played by Trevor Howard . `` Be careful what you ask for Rose . '' he tells her , `` Because as sure as hell you 'll get it . `` And then the movie starts.When this film first came out , I was so spellbound by it that I went to the cinema to see it repeatedly , unlike any other movie . I became totally absorbed in the sheer epic of such a simple love story
 I generally can not stand Robert Mitchum , so I was pleasantly surprised by this classic . Here he is in an unusually low-key role as the long-suffering husband of fornicator Sarah Miles . He never overplays it and certainly got my sympathy . Trevor Howard is equally impressive as the local priest , and John Mills turns in a good performance as the village idiot , managing to evoke the right amount of pathos at the appropriate moments . On top of a great cast , there 's a wonderful score by Maurice Jarre and beautiful location filming on the West coast of Ireland . Excellently directed and photographed -LRB- by recent Oscar-winner Freddie Young -RRB- , this is an all-round entertaining movie , which manages to retain its grip till the end .
 This is the best movie I 've seen . Bought it to be in my home collection . A must to see ... you wo n't be disapointed.Beautiful scenery , great plot , good drama and fantastic love story !
 I have always been a fan of David Lean 's films , but I had not seen this since its theatrical release some 30 years ago . While it may not be top-drawer Lean , it is still magnificent in many respects . The DVD remastering and digital transfer are pristine and the widescreen vistas of the western coast of Ireland simply take your breath away . Excellent performances all around , a good story , and quite entertaining . The only thing I did n't like was the theme song ; it really got repetitive and annoying after a while . The score , in my opinion , is not Maurice Jarre 's best effort . On the whole , highly recommended .
 A masterpiece and IMO David Lean 's best film by far . A good story -LRB- originating in Madame Bovary -RRB- with excellent screenplay -LRB- by Robert Bolt -RRB- and production . Several superb performances , but Sarah Miles is outstanding and not just as a beauty . She plays the part of Rosie Ryan to perfection and is totally convincing . Fabulous scenery though some of the shots , taken out of necessity on a South African beach , show water a bit too blue to be Ireland . Many notable scenes , but my favorite is the one with the couple in the bluebells - an example of the proper use of silence being at least as effective as great dialogue . Highly recommended .
 I love this film . I think it is David Lean 's best work . Christopher Jones is outstanding . Robert Mitchum gives the performance of his career . It is simply beautiful .
 Superb video and audio quality on the DVD and simply a great movie !!
 A recent visit to Ireland and the Dingle Cliffs and Inch Strand Beach brought back memories of this film . Although some critics gave it two and a half stars many years back , I am giving it five.Firstly , i liked it because of its use of film and cinematography to give a lasting picture and a visual story . Second , I like the way that the best was brought out of some very good actors and one or two who are not normally great actors.Now , I would hope that this beautifully made film should be put on DVD . This picture should eventually return money for its DVD development for the same reason all good pictures endure . It has a good story , flawless character development , and great panoramic visual scenes as the picture unfolds .
 I find it difficult to believe that this title is not yet out on DVD . Other David Lean films , such as Lawrence of Arabia , Great Expectations , Bridge over the River Kwai etc have been out for years , some in special editions . Surely the cinematography and setting alone deserve the attention of a digital remastering . The script may not be among the favorites of Lean fans , but I am sure it would sell -LRB- almost -RRB- as well as the other films mentioned . M
 If you appreciate the oppression and abuse of the Irish by the British occupation , `` The Troubles '' , you will better understand this movie . In 1970 I loved this movie for the beautiful landscape , western Ireland with a focus on the Dingle Pennisula , and the performance of Robert Mitchum who deserved an academy award or at least a nomination . But with my present fair knowledge of the historical resistance to the British rule in Ireland I appreciate the details and better understand the plot of `` Ryan 's Daugther . '' Rosy Ryan , played by Sarah Miles , is a rather spoiled young woman and daughter of the fairly affluent local pub owner , played wonderfully by Leo McKern . She decides she wants more from life and seeks and subsequently convinces Charles the village teacher -LRB- Robert Mitchum -RRB- to marry her . With the knowledge of the intense opposition of the Irish toward British occupation it is understandable how the village people turn against their own when she develops an emotional and sexual relationship with a young British officer -LRB- played by Christopher Jones -RRB- . The central plot is love of person , Rosy for the British officer , Charles for Rosy , Ryan for his daughter , and the Irish for their country . The secondary plot is betrayal of person and of country -LRB- I leave these betrayls for you to see in the movie -RRB- . The village mute idiot , played by John Miles -LRB- who received an academy award for supporting actor -RRB- ties all the people and events together with his naive actions . This is a great film which is relevant today as the news announces another potential for the British to withdraw its rule from Ireland . Do n't hold you breath . Although the actions or the present Irish people seem less intense than in 1916 the setting for this movie , their feelings may not be . They want the Brits out of Ireland . But the British remain with one excuse after another . See this movie and I hope you will better understand as I did of the conflict `` The Troubles '' that the Irish have with British rule.The two disc set enhances the information behind the film and is worth the extra price .
 An interesting movie , with insight into human emotions , needs , and reactions . Scenery in Ireland is great . Movie was well done .
 My husband and I are taking a trip to Ireland in May and in one of our tour books there was a suggestion that the reader should watch this film as it takes place in Dingle - a stop along our trip around Ireland . So I ordered it and it arrived very quickly . I really liked this film , the love story line was great and still sad . I really liked the Director 's notes and interview at the end . I just hope that we do n't encounter some of the bad weather depicted in the story . I had to laugh though when I learned that some of the movie was filmed in another country -LRB- beach scenes -RRB- , but all in all it was a good movie . My husband said it was more like a ` chick flick ' because the husband did n't really put a stop to his wife 's infidelities - it was a little too romantic for his taste . At least when we go to that part of the country and someone asks if we 've seen the movie - I can say , `` Yes , I did ! '' I would still recommend this movie to those who like romance movies and period pieces .
 This afternoon I watched my home-recorded 6 hour VHS of A&E ; 's 25th anniversary special , JFK ASSASSINATION
 `` The Kennedy Assassination -- Part 1 `` features two hours of NBC-TV as-it-is-happening news coverage from Friday , November 22 , 1963 -- the day President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in downtown Dallas , Texas , while riding in his open-top limousine through Dealey Plaza.This DVD , which comes from the video company `` Video Yesteryear '' -LRB- and is the exact same footage that can be found on its VHS counterpart -RRB- , begins with NBC 's live TV coverage at 12:57 PM -LRB- Dallas time -RRB- , or 27 minutes after President Kennedy was shot from the Texas School Book Depository Building on Elm Street in Dallas.The DVD starts at the exact point when NBC began taping the coverage . The network had been on the air live for several minutes prior to when this footage begins , but technicians had n't begun recording the telecast until quite a few minutes later.This raw footage of NBC 's first-rate coverage of 11/22/63 includes the dramatic and sad moment when President Kennedy is pronounced dead by NBC newsman Frank McGee -LRB- as he gets the official word while talking on the phone to fellow correspondent Robert MacNeil , who was riding in the Dallas motorcade when the shooting occurred -RRB- . Presidential assassin Lee Harvey Oswald , 45 minutes after killing JFK from his 6th-floor perch in the Book Depository , shot and killed a Dallas city police officer -LRB- J.D. Tippit -RRB- in the Oak Cliff section of the city , and was captured shortly thereafter while attempting to hide in the darkened Texas Theater , a short distance from the Tippit murder scene . Tippit 's murder and Oswald 's arrest are also covered on this two-hour DVD.Part 2of this 2-disc DVD series includes another two hours of NBC-TV coverage from November 22nd , concluding with footage of new President Lyndon B. Johnson 's first address to the nation from Andrews Air Force Base.This type of `` live '' coverage of a major news event is always very interesting to watch years and decades later . The capacity of NBC 's facilities -LRB- and personnel -RRB- was stretched to their limits during the four days of virtually non-stop TV news coverage that occurred between approx . 1:40 PM -LRB- Eastern Time -RRB- on November 22nd and the conclusion of JFK 's funeral on Monday , November 25th . The JFK assassination is considered by many as a turning point in the world of TV news reporting . A story this huge had never been covered before during the TV era . And when looking back on the original footage by all three major television networks -LRB- NBC , CBS , and ABC -RRB- , there are a number of `` what do we do next ? '' moments shown live to everyone in America . But , under the stressful circumstances , I think this was to be expected . In my opinion , the TV networks did an outstanding job of covering the sorrowful events of that November weekend in 1963 . I think it 's also very interesting to note -LRB- while viewing the many hours of TV footage that exist from those four days in November -RRB- that virtually ALL of the information being reported by all the TV networks favored a `` Lone Assassin '' scenario , with very , very little evidence and info to support any type of a `` conspiracy '' whatsoever . This fact , IMO , is quite telling.Because , in my view , IF a vast conspiracy and subsequent `` cover-up '' had been in place on November 22 , 1963 , I believe -LRB- given the immense amount of TV coverage , with reporters scrutinizing everything coming across their news desks during those initial hours and days after JFK was killed -RRB- at least some pieces of the conspiracy would have leaked through to the sweeping television coverage of the event.To think -LRB- as many theorists do -RRB- that these conspirators were so smart and quick to immediately eliminate virtually every last scrap of info leading to a `` plot '' of some kind , making sure none of the multi-shooter plan seeped through to the media , is to think -LRB- IMO -RRB- that any such evil-doers were akin to `` Superman '' ! For example -- Virtually all initial reports concerning the exact number of rifle shots heard by witnesses in Dealey Plaza stated `` 3 shots '' . And while it 's true that the very first report of the shooting from UPI 's Merriman Smith -LRB- which was broadcast over all the TV networks -RRB- stated `` Three shots were fired ... '' , it 's also worth noting that Smith 's initial bulletin was NOT the only `` three-shots '' account that was reported during those early hours just after the shooting . For instance , Jay Watson of ABC affiliate WFAA-TV in Dallas -LRB- who happened to be in Dealey Plaza during the shooting and nervously reported the first bulletins to the unaware Dallas TV audience -RRB- is heard multiple times on November 22 saying he heard `` 3 shots '' fired . Plus , other members of the media are also on film relaying their own personal beliefs that exactly three shots were fired by the assassin.Could these ultra-clever conspirators have somehow managed to `` manipulate '' several reporters who were relaying the news live to the world immediately after the event , and have them ALL report on hearing just `` three shots '' ? Or were the conspiratorial shooters so good that they made 4 or 5 shots sound like only three ? Highly doubtful , IMO.The `` synchronized '' shooting scenario is possible , I suppose . But I just do n't buy into those theories claiming various conspiracy scenarios , some theories incorporating a ludicrously-enormous number of rifle shots being fired at the President -LRB- up to a dozen shots , per some of the crazier shooting scenarios -RRB- , which is just utter nonsense , given the known and available evidence.The bulletins and almost all subsequent reports from November 22 to 24 , 1963 , supported precisely three shots being fired ... all from ONE gun ... and all being fired from ONE place -LRB- the consensus after a little initial confusion being the Book Depository Building which housed Lee Harvey Oswald and his rifle at 12:30 PM on November 22nd -RRB- . And there were certainly no other suspects or co-conspirators connected with Oswald in either murder , including J.D. Tippit 's . I challenge anyone to watch -LRB- or listen to -RRB- some of the as-it 's - happening news coverage from November 1963 and try to reconcile that news coverage with anything closely resembling Oliver Stone 's and Jim Garrison 's crazily out-of-whack `` 6-Shot , 3-Gunmen '' theory that is portrayed on the theater screen in Stone 's 1991 film `` JFK '' . You ca n't do it ... because there 's NOTHING close to that kind of multi-shooter nonsense to be found within ANY of the networks ' news reports concerning the death of President Kennedy.The history-making date of 11/22/63 will be remembered forever as the tragic day when John F. Kennedy 's life was ended so violently . This DVD brings back that day in vivid detail , as told by the NBC newsmen who reported the solemn events to a grieving nation.David Von PeinSeptember 2004February 2009
 This documentary is very good ! Although some docs on the same topics seem to drag on and on , this one is very interesting and never boring . I watch a lot of documentaries and this one ranks in my top 5 along with Savage Planet , Savage Seas , and Planet Earth .
 I saw this series on tv some years back and was delighted to find it on DVD . Yes it is `` education '' but it 's education entertianment . The scenes keep you glued as it mixes current events , with the scientific background of what goes on ... of things like volcanoes , tidal waves , and such . Especially good for somebody interested in geology , as I am .
 Not available in the UK on DVD , no idea why.Should have been made available years ago , just like it was on VHS .
 While this edition is a bit dated -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , this is a PBS series and it shows . The stories are event focused and not just a group of clips featuring narration . While you may have seen some of the clips before , there are stories you may not have heard of and they are covered in-depth with thoughtful and informative narration by Stacy Keach . Many of the stories are haunting and heartbreaking displays of the power of nature . This was PBS ' attempt to do what the History Channel used to do so well . Savage Earth features four DVDs with a different focus . All feature interviews with victims , rescuers and experts.Hell 's Crust
 I used this program for my science class . My students loved it ! They learned some interesting facts , saw damage from earthquakes we talked about in class and never once did I hear that it was boring ! Ca n't beat that !
 This early Robert Altman film is a small -LRB- if deeply unsettling -RRB- little jewel , distinguished by a superb performance by Sandy Dennis . As a sheltered , nave , but creepily neurotic woman without a clue as to how the world of human relationships actually functions , she quietly dominates the screen . And she 's well-matched by the young Michael Burns , far more cunning & manipulative than his initially mute charade suggests -- but he 's in over his head , horribly so , as he discovers much too late in the game.And what is the game?Sandy Dennis ' Frances is a spinster , emotionally swaddled & smothered , yearning for human love & human contact , but utterly lost in the real world outside her apartment . When she encounters Michael Burns -LRB- simply The Boy -RRB- in the park , she takes him home , which is fine with him . It 's only as the story continues that he & we begin to understand just how troubled & dangerous Frances really is ... In some ways like `` The Collector , '' only with the roles reversed , this film differs in that its leads are n't really that sympathetic . Altman tends to shoot them through windows & panes of glass , distancing them , creating a detached & voyeuristic atmosphere . Add to that the washed-out lighting that exposes every bit of grime & decay , and the result is both clinically & uncomfortably intimate.The fact that it was made when movies were pushing against the last vestiges of censorship gives it a peculiar intensity . Nowadays everything can be said & shown ; back then , it was genuinely daring to even try . So even though what we see is comparatively tame beside the explicitness of modern films , it possesses a genuine & powerful perversity that most modern films ca n't approach.It 's not for casual viewing , and not something you 'd want to watch too often . But it 'll stay with you , whether you want it to or not . I 'm only surprised that it is n't available on DVD yet , as it 's the first of Robert Altman 's many films to fully bear his imprint , and deserves greater exposure . Darkly recommended !
 Sandy Dennis is one of those remarkable `` women/child '' actresses . She always carries with her a naivete that is both believeable and sad . This film is no different . She portrays Frances Austen , a lonely spinsterish type living in her deceased mother 's apartment . She observes a lonely boy in the park on a cold , rainy day and invites him in . It 's obvious that she 's attracted to him , and that physical desire is new to her . The plot unfolds before us , and this beautiful 19 year old mute becomes Frances ' toy . Of course it would n't be a Sandy Dennis film if ALL ended happily or the way we wanted it to , but know that from start to finish this is a film containing an actress in her best form . The direction is fantastic , the cinemotography rivetting . All in all a great piece . I highly recommend it .
 Academy-Award winning actress Sandy Dennis , on the downside of an unsustainable fire-hot popularity that began with 1966 's `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? , '' stars as Frances Austen , a wealthy , 32-year-old woman living alone in a spacious apartment in Vancouver , Canada . Prim and cripplingly repressed , Frances lives a life of formal ritual , surrounded by friends who are at least 20 years her senior -LRB- they , like her staid apartment , appear to have been inherited from her dead mother -RRB- . One rainy afternoon she spies a young man sitting alone on a park bench and invites him in to get dry . The blankly cherubic 19 year-old -LRB- Michael Burns -RRB- speaks not a word , but allows the solicitous woman to bathe , feed , and eventually house him . The boy 's silent passivity -LRB- he 's never named -RRB- and apparent lack of friends or family enables Frances to project a great deal of her own loneliness onto his situation , awakening in her an acute awareness of long-repressed desires . Before long , Frances ' initial maternal concern gives way to darker obsessions as the boy comes to symbolize a last-chance grasp at life.Read full review :[ ... -RSB-
 I saw this movie in 1969 at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville , FL . I guess the copy we had was chopped up badly from use or something because there was no indication in the one I saw where it took place.I just know that it rained a lot . Some have said the young man was homeless , but I did n't get that feeling . Of course at this time the homeless people had not become a political figure like now . They were still considered to be bums , or hobos . At least where I was living they were . We had not broken our American culture down into the highly compartmentalized groups we have now . To me there was really no clear indication as to why he was sitting on the park bench in the rain as he was . Perhaps , it was because his `` sister/mother '' on the houseboat who was having sex with the other guy needed him to be gone for a while to accommodate her activity . So then you draw the conclusion the the lady who takes him in is a bit strange for doing so . And that bears out to be true , as she eventually makes him a prisoner -LRB- she thinks -RRB- in her house . Two things really sets the old girl off though . The first is when she realizes that he has been going out . She fixes that by nailing all of the windows shut , except for the one that is several floors down . The second pisser is when she hears him talking to the whore she has brought him . Now it is own and she comes unglued and , well , you know . I thoroughly enjoyed this movie when I saw it , and often wondered why it never received any awards or even mention in the press . And why it was never on the TV . I guess the critics really did bury this one .
 I remember seeing this as a young boy and not quite understanding the sexual relationships going on here but mesmerized by the film itself . It is almost hypnotic.The story is about a spinster who lives a lonely life surrounded by older family members who come to visit for tea . It 's a boring , dull life . So when the spinster see 's a young man sitting in the park across from her townhouse during a downpour , she brings him in to dry off.Initially , she talks and talks and he says nothing . Later though , he arouses other feelings in her and she does n't know what to do.Ultimately , she decides to keep him as a pet . I wo n't say anything more but after viewing the film , it will haunt you for days.I wish this were available to us in the U.S.on DVD .
 In this old film by Robert Altman , we discover how solitude for a young woman is a plague on her way to happiness and satisfaction . She comes to the point where she can not even ask anyone for the contact she desires . She lives in a completely artificial and closed world . One day she brings into her world a stranger she finds in a park and she desires him but she treats him like a canaribird in a cage
 Sandy Dennis is at her best in this film set in Vancouver in 1969 . She plays a lonely woman and takes in a guy who pretends to be a mute . The most powerful aspect is what 's going on in her mind . . her break with reality when she realizes her vision of their relationship is an illusion . This mute guy is one evil dude . It 's easy to empathize with Sandy 's character . Another unique experiment in '60s revolutionary film
 I 've been on something of a `` quest '' to see films from 1969 lately ; the most obscure film of this project so far strangely enough comes from one of the most famous directors , Robert Altman , and stars a rather famous actress who had won an Oscar a couple of years before , Sandy Dennis . Critic Jonathan Rosenbaum in a rather disparaging capsule review called this the first Altman film that is recognizably `` his '' ; not having seen COUNTDOWN , THE JAMES DEAN STORY , THE DELINQUENTS or any of his earlier TV work or shorts , I could n't say . But it certainly does feature many Altman trademarks , most notably several instances of overlapping dialogue that are mixed quite forwardly on the soundtrack . Why the film languishes in obscurity is something of a mystery ; it does n't have a decent commercial DVD release anywhere and has fewer votes than every one of his succeeding films , including some reputedly dire stuff like HEALTH.While I like most of what I 've seen from Altman , I do n't LOVE most of it ; he remains a director that I 'm not entirely convinced by ; and while this film is n't likely to change my mind , it is for most of it 's running time quite an interesting psychological drama , with two characters playing games that gradually get more serious and intense , games they ought to know better than to keep playing - but of course if they did , where would the film be ? Dennis plays Frances Austen , a wealthy 30ish spinster who lives on an upper floor in a fancy older apartment building across from a park in Vancouver -LRB- it 's not really important where the film takes place , but the titles tell us , so I 'm telling you -RRB- . We see her at the beginning of the film hosting a gathering of several much older men and women ; at first it 's unclear as to her relationship but we eventually piece together that her mother was a member of this group and she has more or less succeeded to the same place . She notices a young man sitting on a bench in the rain in the park across the street ; when the group leaves , she goes out to invite him to come in out of the rain.Right away we can see that Frances is a little weird - maybe a lot weird . Just inviting some stranger into her very nice apartment - that she lives in all alone - is the act of somebody who is lonely and more than a little bit delusional . From the get-go , we can almost feel her desires - a combination of motherliness and sexual attraction - for the man , a very beautiful 20ish blonde boy -LRB- Michael Burns -RRB- who seems to be mute . She brings him in - gets him food - lets him take a bath - dries his clothes - and lets him stay overnight in her spare room . No advances are made on either part , and we 're as unclear as to the young man 's motives as to Frances ' . As the film continues we see that both are keeping secrets from each other - the young man 's are more obvious , but Frances ' are perhaps more important - even , in the end , vital.The psychological game play is generally well handled here , and both Burns and Dennis are really excellent - the first of the film I have to say I was almost completely entranced , as we slowly find out more and more about each character and wonder just where it could possibly all lead . But unfortunately - for me , anyway - the last act goes in a too-Hollywood conventional direction , making something of Frances that I 'm not sure is either necessary or desirable . I 'm not going to spoil it for you , see for yourself and judge whether I 'm right in my assessment - but I think that in an era where ambiguity and open endings and elliptical narratives were more acceptable , the choices that Altman and screenwriter Gillian Freeman -LRB- working from a novel by Peter Miles -RRB- make seem a little too obvious and clich&eacute;d.Still it 's a fine , creepy mood piece , and though as I said earlier it 's not going to turn me around on Altman by itself , it certainly does n't dissuade me from delving further into his work . It 's nicely shot by ace cinematographer Laszlo Kovacs , though many of the virtues of his fine indoor work in Frances ' beautifully appointed apartment are lost in this mediocre VHS . Still for fans of Altman or Dennis , this is worth getting , and who knows when a good widescreen DVD or BluRay transfer will be available ?
 This early Robert Altman film is a small -LRB- if deeply unsettling -RRB- little jewel , distinguished by a superb performance by Sandy Dennis . As a sheltered , nave , but creepily neurotic woman without a clue as to how the world of human relationships actually functions , she quietly dominates the screen . And she 's well-matched by the young Michael Burns , far more cunning & manipulative than his initially mute charade suggests -- but he 's in over his head , horribly so , as he discovers much too late in the game.And what is the game?Sandy Dennis ' Frances is a spinster , emotionally swaddled & smothered , yearning for human love & human contact , but utterly lost in the real world outside her apartment . When she encounters Michael Burns -LRB- simply The Boy -RRB- in the park , she takes him home , which is fine with him . It 's only as the story continues that he & we begin to understand just how troubled & dangerous Frances really is ... In some ways like `` The Collector , '' only with the roles reversed , this film differs in that its leads are n't really that sympathetic . Altman tends to shoot them through windows & panes of glass , distancing them , creating a detached & voyeuristic atmosphere . Add to that the washed-out lighting that exposes every bit of grime & decay , and the result is both clinically & uncomfortably intimate.The fact that it was made when movies were pushing against the last vestiges of censorship gives it a peculiar intensity . Nowadays everything can be said & shown ; back then , it was genuinely daring to even try . So even though what we see is comparatively tame beside the explicitness of modern films , it possesses a genuine & powerful perversity that most modern films ca n't approach.It 's not for casual viewing , and not something you 'd want to watch too often . But it 'll stay with you , whether you want it to or not . I 'm delighted to see it 's finally available on DVD , as it 's the first of Robert Altman 's many films to fully bear his imprint , and deserves greater exposure . Darkly recommended !
 This film still runs through my mind two days after seeing it . The whole film made me so uncomfortable that I could n't breathe normally while watching it . And I loved every minute of it .
 They play the main theme along with the film openning credits.What a theme with an extraordinary melody by Mandel.A great film , a great drama by Altman , always smart.Music is as nervous as spectacular Sandy Dennis role in her intent to catch love from the boy.Refer to the story in the Amazon review guidelines.Unfortunately film and soundtrack are unavailable for USA fans.This Australian edition plays only in certain countries labeled world DVD area 4 and color standard is not NTSC as in the USA.The same film 's main theme was recorded by Quincy Jones in his ` Walking in Space ' album under the title ' I Never Told You ' . Beautiful melody .
 Sandy Dennis plays Frances Austin an ultra vulnerable boderline psychotic woman who wants to make a big change in her life.As fate would have it she trys to possess a young man she sees in the park with a bizzare and devastating outcome . Directed with a sure hand by Robert Altman . A Most unusual film .
 The plot of Cold Day In The Park is pretty simple
 This was one of the best Goofy tapes I have ever purchased . It is fast paced and a joy to watch . Maxy , Goofy 's son , was not as insulting to the Goof as in the Goof Troop cartoon series . This tape held my interest through out the entirety of the vhs.It 's worth the price and worth watching again and again . The last cartoon on the vhs was a Rescue Rangers cartoon.Ol ' Monty was up to his usual slapstick troubles in this haunted castle toon . This video will not embarrass older viewers and will keep its younger viewers enticed for the full running time of about 30 to 60 minutes . Nice job Disney . You may still be able to buy this wonderful tape on Amazon . It was well worth the price and the opening extras were spooky .
 The movie arrived quickly and in the condition stated . I would buy from them again .
 I love this film . It is a real screen gem . Betty Connell as Queen is one of the great characters in cinema history . I am surprised that she did n't go on to become the next Elizabeth Taylor . You must see this movie . These female bikers exhibit all of the characteristics -LRB- mostly negative -RRB- of male bikers . It is truly amazing . If you were a young kid in the late sixties you will recognize these people . They were the same folks you were staring at from the back seat of the station wagon .
 ... has always been Werner Herzog 's trademark , both in his early German films like Herz aus Glas -LRB- Heart of Glass -RRB- and in all of his American films -LRB- he migrated in 1995 -RRB- . But you have to credit him with respect for his audience -- at least most of us -- in that he plainly expects us to recognize a spoof , to enjoy being ` sent up ' as we watch our neuroses reflected and exploited . He gives us plenty of semiotic signals , the enigmatic animals that always show up , for instance . In `` The Bad Lieutenant '' , the animals are a camera-conscious alligator , a Siamese fighting fish in a water glass , and a pair of iguanas that may or may not be appearing on the Lieutenant 's table . Innocent viewers might be jived into supposing that Herzog 's Lieutenant is hallucinating in reaction to his fantabulous intake of cocaine , crack cocaine , cannabis and inhaled heroin , but when the Lieutenant claims to see the soul of a plugged thug break-dancing over his body , I know that you know that Werner knows that neither cocaine nor heroin is hallucinogenic . He 's gaming the genre , amigos ! Much in the manner that the Coen Brothers game the genre habitually . But Herzog is also gaming his American audience , needling the comfortable and the smug exploiting our insatiable thirst for vicarious violence and our addictions , both open and closeted . Or so I prefer to think ... If `` The Bad Lieutenant '' is not a sardonic spoof , if even one scene of it represents Herzog 's vision of American reality , then either Herzog is a slanderer or America is a more disgusting cesspool of sociopathy than I want to believe.So let 's , for our peace of mind , assume that `` The Bad Lieutenant '' is a comedy , though not of the laugh-out-loud variety . Then we can cosily regard the occasional quiddities of the script -- when the Lieutenant muses about whether fish dream , for example -- as deliberate miss-clues to the intentional meaninglessness of the film . Herzog is , after all , a professed nihilist , who has declared that the Universe is a godless and random place . To wrap up all the catastrophes looming over the Lieutenant in one quick scene replete with Dickens-worthy coincidences -- that is what happens , in an almost happy ending -- has to be recognized as the acme of snarky mockery of all cinema conventions.And Nicolas Cage plays along with Herzog 's polymorphous perversity almost as convincingly in English as Klaus Kinski used to do in German . The Lieutenant has a bad back . I know what a bad back looks like and feels like . Cage does the bad back body-torque perfectly . He 's too over-exposed , too familiar , to be effective as an actor in any role these days , but that 's part of the schema of this film . All the other characters play generic `` noir '' without a wink.I 've given this film five stars provisionally , in tribute to my own interpretation of it as a stealth spoof on America 's sofa-bound paranoia . If that interpretation is too far-fetched , if this is supposed to be another raunchy thriller , then it would n't merit more than three stars from me .
 It 's worth noting that I 'm familiar with the work of Werner Herzog , but I 'm no aficionado on his career or film work . I have not seen all of his movies and the few I have seen I 've only seen once . With that said a remake of Abel Ferrara 's gritty , powerful dramaBad Lieutenantdid not seem the most obvious film for the famed German director to make . Minutes into the film I realized I was watching something very different from Ferrara 's movie and Herzog 's insistence that this film is not a remake is more than correct . The two films are only similar in title and in the fact they have a crooked cop at the center of it all . The way the material is handled , as well as the story itself is completely different and while Bad Lieutenant
 Hands down . . awesome movie . the first half makes you believe it 's taking itself seriously -LRB- almost -RRB- , but the second half reveals it is a giant joke . My wife came in half way through the movie and wanted to start it from the beginning she liked it so much . Nick Cage does it right . The shaving scene goes down as one of my all time fav scenes in any film . The only other actor who could have pulled this off might be Crispin Glover . I can see why people who do n't like/or get dark humor may not like this , so they should go watch season 2 of Perfect Strangers instead . Do n't go in expecting too much though , just have fun with it .
 Cage on Crack . Exactly . This is what you get . This is not a film for everyone . You have to have a great sense of the absurd and a great sense of humour.Post Katrina and the world is dark and dreary and so is the lieutenant . He has hurt his back trying to save a prisoner and can hardly walk . Watching Cage walk from the backside is interesting , his suit coat looks like he left the hanger in and the right side of his body is hanging . He has a shuffling sort of walk that looks painful. , and he is taking Vicodin , pot , crack and whatever he can get his hands on . His new assignment is to find the killer of a family of five - probably a drug killing . The Lt. does his best and even on multiple drugs and no sleep for days , he is a magnificent detective . As his boss says ` The only criminal he ca n't catch is himself ' . I figure this must be the reason they keep him on . He has many complaints about his behavior that come rolling in , and his gun is taken away . But , somehow , he keeps on with a job , sometimes with the crooks and sometimes with the good guys . His girlfriend , Eva Mendes , is a prostitute , a high priced one from the looks of her apartment.His father was in the force , but is now trying to recover from alcoholism . The Lt is just doing the best he can.Lots of strange filming of crocodiles and iguanas from Werner Herzog , the director , but somehow the film gels . The violence and the drugs all intersperse with the storyline . Cage does a wonderful over the top job with his role and with a few laughs thrown in with the rest of the misery , this is a film I liked.Recommended . prisrob 04-19-10City of Angels -LRB- Snap Case -RRB- Encounters at the End of the World
 The movie almost lost me in the middle . There were some spots where I thought things could have been a little more realistic . The ending
 Bad Lieutenant
 Epic , Cage at his best . Def the old cage is back ! My jaw was dropped for more than half the movie !
 I have to say I was somewhat horrified when I saw the trailer for this ; it looked very generic and unintersting . The first thought in my head after hearing about this collaboration of Herzog and Cage was ` trainwreck ' . I mean , I knew it would be at least an interesting wreck , but I was not expecting much . I was dead wrong.Also , let me say that the original film by Abel Ferrara is one of my all time faves , and Harvey Keitel 's performance is the answer I automatically give to anyone who asks what my all time favorite film performance is.That being said ... While the first film is dark and just brutal , this film is actually quite funny . With the exception of drug addict cops and gambling debts , the films are quite different . The first was def more in your face w/both it 's graphic portrayal of gutter life and the ever-present religious overtones . This film is far more subtle , both in it 's scenery and supporting cast , all across the board I might add ; both the locations and characters are there , just waiting to be noticed for their authenticity in even the smallest part . There is reality to them all , much of which can be very comedic . The same can be said for the backdrop of New Orleans ; it plays second to the human cast , but there is much to be noticed upon multiple viewings.Nicolas Cage is perfectly cast and pull this one off flawlessly ; his energy and humor , crossed w/a few somber and even emotional moments -LRB- esp . the scene where he talks about his treasure hunt w/Eva Mendes ... -RRB- . Cage makes every scene enjoyable , which is basically every scene . His acting is consistent throughout , even changing his tone of voice after being up for 3 days -LRB- as people who have been packing their noses for 72 hours with no sleep often do ... almost a godfather type thing -RRB- , with his hunched back and .44 magnum hanging from his belt . This may be Cage 's best film , and he deserves so much credit for this performance . I actually had fun watching him , and I never thought of him as Nicolas Cage , despite some obvious ` Cage-isms ' here and there in terms of delivery . But you can tell he was into this part , and the result is almost more of a comic tour de force than anything else ... he delivers lines like ` do n't worry about your clothes right now ... this is uncut dope ! ' with a certain comic timing almost , and like Keitel , you are just waiting to see what he will do next.Some people found this movie boring and linear ; while straightforward on the surface -LRB- kind of reminded me of an early 70 's cop movie at times ... -RRB- , it deepens upon multiple viewings . You can tell Cage and Herzog made some kind of connection , and to be honest I am thankful someone actually funded this and got the talent involved . You can tell there was not a huge budget for this movie , which I think helped in terms of getting unknown/lesser known actors to fill many of the smaller but important roles . It adds a certain authenticity . The result is something truly original , funny , but by no means without it 's share of corruption , brutality , and intense moments . Not very violent , but there is def a feeling of something heavy coming throughout , given some of the situations.I would also say there are some surprises in here I have not seen in any film ; Herzog has a great control over this film , and from the opening scene in the flooded jailhouse to the final frames , you can see he put his heart into this film . Plus there are 3 things in this movie I have never seen before in any movie ; they were surprising and gut busting . You are lucky if you get one good twist in a movie nowadays.This is based on seeing 4 times in the theater , but I can only imagine it will look fantastic on blu ray . An odd film to some , lame to others . But hopefully some will see this for the brilliant movie it is and get past the title or any comparisons . They are both great films to me , and completely different.A great example of what talented people all across the board can do w/basically no money , and outshine most ` funded ' movies ... Go figure . *** UPDATE
 Who could have guessed that the man who helmed art house classics like `` Fitzcarraldo '' , `` Woyzeck '' and `` Aguirre the Wrath of God '' would one day make a film entitled `` Bad Lieutenant
 We all know the Nicholas Cage of recent years who seemingly has made one hackneyed movie after another just to indulge yet another big pay check and spending spree . Those of us who had been following him from the beginning , who loved his quirky indie films with offbeat directors , were horrified at what he 'd become . Now he has teamed with the ultimate indie , offbeat director , Werner Herzog , to reclaim his roots . I believe that both Herzog and Cage have made a movie that is an extended metaphor about post Katrina New Orleans . Cage IS that post Katrina beleaguered city . He starts out the film injured and heroic and then zig zags through the rest of the film exhibiting the behavior of a post traumatic stress disorder patient who is untreated , like such a soldier from Vietnam or Iraq . For Herzog 's part , he 's always been about imagery and metaphors and he does n't disappoint here in rendering the ultimate imagery and metaphor for post Katrina New Orleans . This is a very different movie from Abel Ferrara 's movie starring Harvey Kietel set in New York . That film was a true character study of a really bad cop who worked for the NYPD . It was also excellent but very different from this film . Is Cage Herzog 's new alter ego Klaus Kinski -LRB- his late leading man -RRB- ? I doubt it . Although the two are an excellent pairing , Kinski and Herzog were a one off as a movie making team .
 This is New Orleans , post-Hurricane Katrina . This is the city where Lt. Terence McDonagh works . He 's not afraid to torture an old lady to get what he wants . He 's not afraid to have sex with a girl outside a club just to confiscate the drugs in her purse . Nor is he afraid to risk his life in the call of higher justice . And when a family is murdered , he 's royally pissed . Or maybe he 's just looking to score a cheap high.THE BAD LIEUTENANT
 I was surprised that my theater actually got this movie today . It does n't seem to be getting much play around the country and will likely hit DVD before most people can witness this strange little gem . I read some really positive reviews from critics and movie watchers alike , so I figured I would give it a shot . I have n't been a fan of Nicolas Cage for a long time , mainly because he seems to be taking every bad movie and turning in a subpar performance . Now that we know he has money problems in real life , it at least makes sense now . I 'm happy to say the he is back in top form here . His character is as bad as Denzel Washington 's in Training Day and he is played in the same over the top way , without seeming to be unbelievable . He has a hunched back and carries his .44 magnum in the front of his pants wherever he goes . Most of the characters in Bad Lieutenant are predictable scum , but Cage throws so much into this performance that you really have no clue what 's going to happen from one scene to the next . He is at his crazy best here and reminded me that few people can play weird as well as this man . Eva Mendes is looking pretty good here and her acting is decent , but her role does n't amount to much other than a slight bright spot for Cage 's loose cannon . Val Kilmer shows up and is quite good , but he is barely in the movie . Maybe five minutes tops.On the negative side , this film is very dark and often mean , but thankfully some humor forces it 's way through in some of these scenes . There are also some bizarre visuals , such as a point of view shot from an alligator and another from a couple of iguanas for no reason at all . A few scenes also linger on a bit to long and the pacing slows at times , but I was sucked into this corrupt man 's life and could n't keep my eyes off the screen . Welcome back Mr. Nicolas Cage of old and do n't go anywhere this time around .
 At first , Herzog 's latest was just plain exhausting . The picture-perfect ending initially came across as a sneering , nihilistic slap in the face after all the misdeeds accumulated in the movie . But then I got to thinking . In the scenes between Nicolas Cage and Xzibit , Cage 's character adopts precisely the one attitude that has any chance of success . Not that he 'd consciously planned it , but he could n't have done a better job if he had . A character like Big Fate understands extravagantly sleazy and reckless behaviour , it fits into his worldview . If one demonstrates sufficient extremes of recklessness -LRB- like pulling a gun on him while driving -RRB- , that just might sort of begin to elicit respect , assuming one did n't instantly get killed . In that situation , acting crazy is the only way to stay alive.Despite being high all the time , the lieutenant pulls off a very delicate balancing act . Thugs come to extort money from him , threaten to disfigure his girlfriend and shoot his dog . He ca n't fight them , but showing any sign of weakness will just goad them into carrying out their threats . So , he agrees to their demands for money , but acts in a businesslike , sleazy manner . He wo n't hand the girl over to the thugs , but only because -LRB- he says -RRB- she has n't had time to make herself look attractive . Miraculously , they do n't press the point . He 's speaking exactly their language.So , in the end , the lieutenant does a neat job of work , in a sense . He solves the murder of the drug-dealing immigrants , and the culprit is punished , though not for that particular crime , and not in a particularly orderly fashion . It 's important to note that the lieutenant insists on the mobster 's arrest ; Val Kilmer 's character wants to play the corrupt cop and steal the mobster 's drugs , but the lieutenant forces him to make the arrest . He does jeopardize a bunch of innocent people 's lives , but happily they suffer no permanent damage . A few thugs died , but they were obviously pretty low types , so the film 's audience does n't have to feel bad.If you 've ever read the classic crime novels ofDashiell Hammett , you 'll recognize this setup . Hammett 's novelRed Harvestexplores this idea of the morally ambiguous crime-fighter , who descends into the underworld , engages in questionable acts , makes all kinds of bargains and alliances with criminals , pretends to be after money or women , while all this time , deep down , none of this really affects him , and he is truly motivated only by his distaste for the criminals . There is not much inner monologue ; you see what the detective does , but you 're often left guessing as to why . As a result , bodies pile up and many thugs die gruesome deaths , but the idea is that they all had it coming anyway , so the reader is supposed to ignore the lack of due process.Hammett 's concept was , `` Plans are all right sometimes . And sometimes just stirring things up is all right . '' The detective does n't really have a master plan , he just acts on instinct and eventually things work out . That idea seems to be present in Herzog 's film , and also in his previous filmRescue Dawn , where Christian Bale 's character also had a sort of vague general moral code , but then just did whatever came into his head , and counted on his instinct and willpower to get him through . Cage 's character here just throws himself headfirst into the chaos , always going all the way and living on the edge , but carefully modulating his reactions to suit the situation at hand.Fortunately , Herzog tempers his paean to impulsiveness with sympathetic details . At one point , the lieutenant starts to look , hilariously , like a harried family man , trying to simultaneously handle witness protection for the murder case , ferry his girlfriend to safety , and even take care of his parents ' dog . This is completely goofy , but it shows you that he does have a bizarre sense of responsibility . This makes it easier to accept him than it is to like the detective in Red Harvest , who has no human connections of any kind . It also makes the film more suspenseful , as he means well , but seems to be spiraling out of control.So , the message -LRB- if there is one -RRB- is mostly about the joys of winging it and throwing caution to the winds . Which fits into Herzog 's worldview well enough . And just in case you forget who 's behind the camera , he recycles the music from the end ofStroszekduring a hysterical hallucination scene . There are many other odd images in the film , mostly involving iguanas , as well as occasional philosophical lines in the dialogue that would never be spoken by real-life thugs -LRB- although they do greatly resemble Herzog 's narration inGrizzly Man -RRB- , but are convincing enough in the film . Many of the generic supporting characters are given just enough quirks to be interesting , like the awesome dude with a mullet who says `` whoa '' and `` oh yeah . `` Herzog 's reinvention of himself as a Hollywood director in the 2000s , starting withInvincible , is an odd development . Maybe it 's because , these days , no one is willing to fund the kinds of films he used to make , and even a more mainstream film like this ca n't get released unless it 's billed as a remake -LRB- Herzog 's film has nothing in common with Abel Ferrara 's `` Bad Lieutenant , '' the title was forced on him by the producers -RRB- . `` Port Of Call New Orleans '' wo n't supercedeclassicHerzog -LRB- though I 'd love to hear him try to explain where the `` poetic truth '' is here -RRB- , but it is suspenseful and memorable . After one thinks a bit about the details that stayed in one 's mind , it becomes clear that the film is very entertaining and delivers a great time .
 This is a crime drama set in the dark , dingy and damp back streets of New Orleans . In it , Nicolas Cage is perfectly cast as a drug-addicted , pain-ridden corrupt cop . The director is Werner Herzog at his best . Cage and Herzog were meant to work together.If this was a `` straight '' crime drama , it probably would be boring for many viewers . It is not straight at all . It is an `` in-stitches '' dark comedy made hilarious by Herzog 's genius for darkness and surprises , many involving seemingly senseless introductions of animals.Those who see humor in the smirk on the face of the undeserving recipient of a worthless and rigged `` employee of the month '' award will love this movie . Others who take everything `` straight '' will not get it , are certain to be disappointed and would give it two or three stars .
 Because most people it seems were willing to sit for two hours watching Nicholas Cage play a drug-addicted detective - hoping somehow he will reform or find a solution or that some twist of fate will bring a conclusion to his hopeless life!And the script is also excellent - you are denied the pleasure of justice , being forced to watch him find pleasure in what is totally destructive . The script constantly draws you into taking a moral position on the subject matter - by either accepting the person 's behavior / actions ... accepting / rejecting the movie altogether . I would recommend that children watch this movie with adult supervision - Nicholas Cage in this movie is not a role model to follow .
 Imagine Dirty Harry with a bad coke habit , played by Nicolas Cage in New Orleans . Cage gives us an outstanding performance as someone who goes though those violent coke induced mood swings . The iguana which appears in the movie from time to time is symbolic of the metaphor `` monkey on the back . '' Cage is investigating a brutal family execution and interweaves his personal failings into the process . His girlfriend is a prostitute who he protects and supplies drugs . He has a gambling habit , and owes money -LRB- bets too much on LSU -RRB- and of course steals from the evidence locker . He also shakes down people for information , even grandmothers . Makes Dirty Harry look like a sissy . Lots of drug use , bad language , sexual situations , and some violence . Good story . Plot fairly simple to follow . The movie , at time , has the feel of a dark comedy .
 Werner Herzog 's `` Bad Lieutenant
 I Do n't think I have ever seen Nick Cage in a better role than this one . -LRB- I 've never been a big fan of Cage 's movies -RRB- It 's been a while since I 've seen a movie as off kilter and so fun as this one ! There are no open ended abstract story lines . Every thing comes together and gives this film a very satisfying ending with a sort of feeling that makes you think . `` hmm . He got lucky this time but he could never get away with it again ! ''
 Quickly , the movie was a creative and incisive look into the effect of drugs on the isolated members of society ; those who take advantage of them and those responsible for managing them . But allow me to digress and pay tribute to the three incredible members of the cast who gave a chuckle of a great performance that separates this movie from all the others - Mr. Alligator , Mr. Iguana and Mr. Breakin ' soul dancer . You 've achieved a standard of performance that will possibly be unmatched in future cinema .
 I loved this movie . Nicholas Cage was brilliant as the bad , addicted , corrupt police detective.It was fast paced and engrossing .
 Nicholas Cage , as directed by Klaus Kinski 's close collaborator Werner Herzog , channels Timothy Carey leer-for-leer in a bravura performance of an over-the-top screenplay that gumboes `` King of the City , '' Abe Ferrara 's `` Bad Lieutenant , `` Richard III , '' James M Cain , and The National Enquirer . Truly grotesque and bleak social comedy set in a determinedly non-touristy milieu manages some direct hits on deserving targets .
 I accidentally ordered this movie in my hotel room while on a business trip . I pressed the Order button by mistake and the movie started . I found myself caught up in the movie after the first five minutes . The direction was unique , to say the least , but Nicholas Cage has a way of bringing characters to life like a master . I thought the storyline of a police officer who was committing just as many crimes as he was solving was intriguing . The various characters in the movie were interesting and all of them had serious issues . That made for an engaging combination . I definitely plan to purchase the DVD to watch it again .
 This movie is intensely dark and twisted . Extremely believable storyline , with a gray muddy ending . Wonderful plot , and Cage 's performance is simply sublime . Having New Orleans as a back drop never hurts .
 Werner Herzog is by far one the most prestigious directors of the cinema . And this movie is surrealistic metaphor , a sharpy and bizarre tale characterized by the rhythmic pulse that has not used the Herzog , on past performance.That 's why many cometaristas the film somewhat confused because I leave Herzog always has a way of escape facing everyday . If you take a look at his filmography find a common denominator
 MY FRIEND RENTED THIS MOVIE AND WE WATCHED IT . AT THE END OF THE FILM ALL I SAID WAS WOW IM GOING TO BY THIS MOVIE . AND HERE I AM TODAY BUYING THIS MOVIE AND EVEN WRITING A REVIEW ON IT ABOUT HOW GOOD THIS FILM IS . THE ACTORS ACT LIKE ACTORS NOT LIKE PEOPLE ACTING ... GET IT ? * BUY THIS *
 great movie !!! cage is a great druggie i mean for being a cop . what a way to gain trust from the bad folk 's .
 This film is notable not only because it 's directed by offbeat directing great Werner Herzog , but also because it stars Nicolas Cage at his insanely wacky best . Add to that a post-Hurricane Katrina New Orleans and you 've got some cinema that is , at the least , intriguing and , at the most , a wild , humid , corrupt-cop , gambling and drug-fueled ride . Frankly , I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it . Cage is at his best here.Cage plays Lt. Terence McDonagh . At the beginning , he is , as far as the viewer can tell , a slightly corrupt cop . In the wake of Hurricane Katrina , he and his partner -LRB- played by Val Kilmer -RRB- discover a locked up criminal about to be submerged by rising waters in an abandoned jail . Despite his partner 's desire to leave the prisoner to drown , McDonagh leaps into the water to unlock the man ... CUT TOA doctor 's office where Lt. McDonagh is getting a check up and is informed that his back -- apparently injured when McDonagh leapt into the water -- will always give him pain . In the ensuing scenes , we get to see McDonagh taking copious amounts of drugs , meeting with his prostitute girlfriend -LRB- which he may or may not have had at the beginning of the movie -RRB- , betting on sports , taking advantage of nightclubbing couples for sex and investigating the apparent drug-related death of a family . The lengths that McDonagh goes to to solve the murders while simulataneously extracting himself from various precarious situations involving his addictions test the very limits of believability ... but the ride is fantastic and enjoyable , particularly since Nicolas Cage gets crazier and crazier as everything comes to a head.The movie certainly wo n't be to everyone 's tastes , but give it a chance . You might be pleasantly surprised . -LRB- I frankly thought it was a better cinematic endeavor than Abel Ferrara 's `` Bad Lieutenant '' with Harvey Keitel . -RRB- Interestingly , Val Kilmer is strangely absent throughout all but the beginning and end of the movie . It would have been good to see more of him . And I disagree with the assessments that Val has gone over the edge ...
 This is a highly amusing movie shot and acted superbly . It reminds me of David Cronenberg 's work . That and other reasons probably explain this movie 's 98 reviews and 46 Likes vs 19 reviews and 5 Likes forMy Son , My Son , What Have Ye Done ? -LRB- cf my review -RRB- . It is incredibly satisfying and must have been a lot of fun to make .
 `` Bad Lieutenant '' is one of those finely crafted noir masterpieces which , for some inexplicable reason , slips under the radar unnoticed . It 's about a New Orleans cop on the skids , played with hilarious gusto by Nicholas Cage . Not a dull moment .
 BAD LIEUTENANT
 In many Woody Allen 's movie , the protagonist often gets himself/herself into all kinds of big and small troubles due to his/her own personality/cirucmstances/stupor , etc. . All the little mishaps will eventually lead to a final blowup or climax . Not only did the screenwriter of the present movie borrow Woody 's comedic formula generously , he also included many unexpected twists and turns.Instead of pulling a ship up a mountain or fighting a no-win battle with God , Nicholas Cage , the protagonist , was fighting his backpain , uncontrollable drug and gambling habit , the local drug kinpin , the loan shark , the unsympathetic attorney general , the out-of-town thugs , his own dysfunctional family , ... in the post-Katrina New Orleans . As in many Herzog 's movie , the final climax left the audience another metaphysical question
 love this movie , Nick Cage was awesome , he should have gotten an oscar nomination . cool , interesting directing , and funny a funny movie , the dancing soul cracked me up .
 Many people are giving this bad reviews . I can see that it may not be a great movie . But when you evaluate Nicholas Cage 's performance , you got to believe that he played the heck out that role . It 's like Thornton in Sling Blade -LRB- maybe not a great movie , but the leading role was played Oscar worthy -RRB- . Man he played this part . If you have nothing to watch and have never seen this movie and want to see a good acting performance , I would get this . I was watching this movie and kept wondering what was Cage going to do next , and by the end of the movie your just shocked at how it goes down and Cage does n't get busted or something . By the end of the film I could only shake my head and be impressed by Cage 's performance . it was something else .
 Very surprised to find this film . I found it on TV one night . Never remember seeing it promoted . This was very entertaining and best acting job by Nicolas Cage since Raising Arizona . Nice quirky film . Kudos to the director , too !
 While I 'm not sure anything could equal Abel Ferrara 's masterpiece `` Bad Lieutenant '' -LRB- and the viewer should not go into this movie expecting that -RRB- , Herzog 's `` Port of Call New Orleans '' is more than worth the time of those interested in seeing the offbeat director 's skillful use of Nicolas Cage as Terence McDonaugh , a corrupt New Orleans detective with so many life threatening problems -LRB- drug addiction , gambling addiction , debt to mafioso -RRB- that the threat of immanent death is something that he 's accustomed to.While none of this particularly shocked me -LRB- Nicolas Cage has talent but I could never buy him as a genuine tough guy -RRB- , I found it hilarious , uncanny , and filled with mystery in a really strange way . In the same vein as Ferrara 's tour de force -- an absolute wretch looking for redemption or at least occasionally trying not to be a monster -- and employing extreme surreality to a purpose . The love among the damned bit -LRB- Terence has a drug addict prostitute for a girlfriend who looks a little too good for her job , played by the gorgeous Eva Mendes -RRB- is not cliche and Herzog uses it to comical effect more than anything else . The sense of displacement and dislocation in Terence 's narcotic addled , deranged psyche is used to maximum effect in bits of dialogue that are priceless . A mobster obviously modeled on the late John Gotti fondles his girlfriend , threatening him viciously , and then says
 Visionary filmmaker Werner Herzog and Nicholas Cage take on what looks like an ordinary police procedural and turn it into something nearly as hypnotic and strange as the megalomaniacal meltdown of the conquistador played by Klaus Kinski inAguirre , the Wrath of God . A recurrent theme of Herzog 's work is the breakdown of social norms under extreme conditions , of war or conflict or survival . Or you might say he 's interested in the ways we manage to maintain a paradoxical commitment to ceremony and convention even in extreme situations where the realities that support them and the ideals they are supposed to sustain have broken down.Cage plays a New Orleans police detective , promoted to Lieutenant after a reluctant act of bravery caused him to be injured on the job in the aftermath of Katrina . His resultant back pains help explain his addiction to pain pills and other illegal `` medications , '' but it is the paradoxical atmosphere of general permissiveness and tolerance of eccentricity combined with strict regulations that seems to push him over the edge and out of control . The style of the film likewise alternates between fairly conventional police drama and the over-the-top extreme of drug-addled subjectivity.Break dancing souls , hallucinatory iquanas , grieving alligators . What do fish dream of , anyhow ? An always intriguing , darkly comic -LRB- indeed , often bizarrely hilarious -RRB- and strange film . Must see for fans of Herzog and of visionary cinema that pushes against the boundaries of the conventional and familiar . I 'd say , also , that anyone who lovesBreaking Badis likely to dig the humor and off-kilter vibe of Herzog 's Bad Lieutenant . Generally speaking , though , fans of Nick Cage 's more popular fare would do best to avoid this unless they know what they 're getting into . He 's shown an ability to go unhinged and on the edge before -LRB- e.g.Wild at HeartorAdaptationorLeaving Las Vegas -RRB- , but his performance here reaches new depths of depravity and darkness .
 I found this film to be highly entertaining . Never a dull moment . Nicolas Cage presented a bravura performance as New Orleans Police Lieutenant Terence McDonagh . McDonagh is bad in every sense of the word . He 's addicted to prescription pain killers , heavily uses crack , cocaine , and heroin , steals drugs from the police property room , builds up huge debts due to binge gambling , and seems to have the morality of an alley cat . He lies like the proverbial rug . Indeed , he lies like a carpet factory . He ends up working for drug dealers to get the drugs he needs and the cash he needs to pay off his gambling debts.And he goes around with a gun stuck in the middle of his belt that looks like it was ripped off the deck of the U.S.S. Constitution.Yes , the lieutenant is bad and he 's out of control . Cage put a lot into projecting this image.One weakness of the movie was the turn it took at the end . I do n't want to spoil it by saying any more . Another weakness is the limited role of Val Kilmer . His excellent acting skills could have been put to better use.A major strength of the film was the stunning Eva Mendes , who portrayed McDonagh 's girlfriend
 After what seems like decades of poor career choices , Nicholas Cage isfinally back at the top of his game in `` Bad Lieutenant
 In Bad Lieutenant
 I liked this more than I expected . I generally think Cage is one of the most overrated actors out there , but he kept me interested here , and has moments of near genius . Herzog likewise ; he slips a few times but all in all this feels like a good Hollywood crime flick that goes off the rails time and again into a weird zone all its own.There is a massive amount of overt coke use here without the usual celluloid sanitization , and it 's a pretty accurate depiction of what a dick that crap usually turns people into . The worst parts are the overlong lizard hallucinations , but then again the best are nearby , when Cage smokes crack and freaks out . He is verrry convincing in those , well able to really let go into briefly psychotic mania , making one wonder how much rock ol' Nick incinerated during the years of his excesses . Those scenes are completely gripping in their intense weirdness , and the black gang members are all very solid and convincing . Whatever plot holes are here , and there are a few , get steamrolled by the intensity of the best scenes.In fact most of the acting here is above average , and except for a few moments of lame dialogue this movie has a raw , real feel that truly does smell like Nawlins , in all its tragic beauty and grime.While no masterpiece , Bad Looey has enough positives and unique vibe to make it well worth watching for fans of Cage , Herzog , The Big Not-So-Easy , bizarre edginess , or cop flicks in general .
 I have to say this is Nicolas Cage 's better performances in a while , reminds me of early Cage , that he can actually do a good movie and not Hollywood fluff , plus does n't hurt when teaming up with an intriguing , genius , masterful story teller , visual director as Herzog.But this Bad Lieutenant is far far different than the gritty , dark , depressing original , played by perfection by Keitel.Cage plays a New Orleans cop Terence McDonagh who is addicted to painkillers , cocaine , just drugs in general , likes to gamble , has a prostitute g/f -LRB- Eva Mendes -RRB- , has a recovering alcoholic father . He roams New Orleans basically free , wielding badge and gun -LRB- .44 magnum that he tucks in his belt -RRB- and steals from junkies , or he is taking drugs from the police evidence room . He plays the role on such a fine line where it does n't seem he is `` over acting '' or being over the top , a perfect performance , as he tries to solve a murder of a family and bring in a suspected drug king pin played by Xzibit . We see McDonagh go through police procedures all while coked up . Unlike Keitel he is n't an amoral cop , he is smart and believe it or not does seem to have some morals somewhere in his soul . McDonagh is a street wise , smart , crooked , junkie cop , he 's in his own surreal world.He plays the tormented cop very well , always on edge , off kilter , then has some somber moments , again great acting performance by Cage.Herzog 's direction here is great , some will argue basically nothing is happening in this movie , no violence , we watch Cage solving this murder , going from Point A to Point B. Herzog 's direction is tight , and the way he lets some scenes linger on a crocodile and the iguanas it was weird , and yet surreal , almost as if we now see what McDonagh is going through while all doped up and working.I felt the original was awesome , a masterful movie but yet so dark , so sad , but unflinching , and depressing , this Bad Lieutenant Port of Call New Orleans did n't leave me with that feeling , it was Cage 's performance that hooked me and had me laughing at some of the crazy scenes . If anything worth checking out for Cage 's performance
 Terence McDonagh a rogue detective who is as devoted to his job as he is at scoring drugs , while playing fast and loose with the law . He wields his badge as often as he wields his gun in order to get his way . In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina he becomes a high-functioning addict who is a deeply intuitive , fearless detective reigning over the beautiful ruins of New Orleans with authority and abandon . Complicating his tumultuous life is the prostitute he loves Frankie Donnenfield . Together they descend into their own world marked by desire , compulsion , and conscience . This movie is so wacky ! Nicolas Cage is truly crazy , but it 's the best thing I have seen him act in , in a really long time . Funny and dark , totally not what I expected from a movie like this . If you 're really looking for some fun dark humor , this is it .
 Not sure why Eva Mendes is not listed by Amazon in the credits . This movie is already very hot in the Latin American bootleg circuit and I watched it this quiet Sunday . As another reviewer observes , this movie has not gotten the publicity it merits , and that surprises me . On balance , a four at the cinema and a solid five for home viewing.Movie has Eva Mendez -LRB- super-star inHitch -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , and I can not see why Amazon lists Cameron Diaz in the credits.I found it engrossing in part because it does a super job of showing a number of ways in which cops , sometimes in league with other cops , prostitutes , and often on their own , can shake down everyone from the careless suburban types in the big city for a night , to high rollers with connections , to major regional drug pushers.Definitely recommended.See also reviewed today : The Limits of Control
 I am a huge Herzog fan and when I heard he was doing this film with Cage I was thinking what the hell , are you serious ? And then I saw it . Cage was made to do this role , the acting was spot on as far as the cast was concerned and for what they were supposed to portray . Well put together and well done . Sure not for everyone , but I think it is superior to the first . If you like the first film , you 'll like this more so . Strangely fun , entertaining and had an emotional undertone that blended in nicely making this film that could of easily been a cheese-fest into something that works well and is worth the view .
 Short Attention Span Summary :1 . Bad Lieutenant seems to have some sort of drug addiction . -LRB- This takes place in the context of the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . -RRB- 2 . We see him doing things like sticking up club patrons for their drugs and then taking them and snorting them up himself .3 . He has a hooker girlfriend who is mistreated by a John -LRB- she snorts almost as much dope as he does -RRB- , and to whose rescue Bad Lieutenant comes -- but at the price of upsetting a group of small time mobsters that hold him responsible for $ 50,000.4 . There is also a murder of a family of Haitians that needs to be resolved -LRB- this is actually what starts the film -RRB- .5 . The cop finds a Witness To The Murder , who is afraid to testify lest he be killed . The people who were murdered were also affiliated with drug dealers , who left no evidence .6 . Witness to the Murder disappears , but we later find out that he has gone to England -- but this is only after this drug crazed cop pulls a gun on an old woman in a wheelchair to extract a confession .7 . Eventually , the cop strikes a deal with a Big Drug Dealer for protection in exchange for cash and dope .8 . Just as this deal is being clinched , mobsters-to-whom-Bad-Lieutenant-owes-money walk in to collect their money -LRB- and foolishly decide to rob the Big Drug Dealer at the same time -RRB- .9 . The Big Drug Dealer and cop kill them all and this creates enough evidence for the cop to plant at the murder scene to indict the Big Drug Dealer who murdered the family .10 . Aftermath
 I 'm not a huge fan of Nicholas Cage movies . The majority of them are terrible but I really liked this one . I definitely recommend it .
 how does this movie not have five stars you guys are ig ` nant dumpeas cuz this movie rocks socks nerdsnic cage 4 lyfe , haters go home to haterville
 This is a different kind of film than what Nicholas Cage usually does . I liked it . I thought of it as more of a comedy than what it was intended to be . A little long but a good movie .
 Werner Herzog made another masterful film in `` Bad Lieutenant '' . He brought new heights to Nicolas Cage 's lo life expressionism . The story moves at a choreographic cadence like a dance whose frenzy is resolved not by the antihero 's doubly heroic actions , but by fate that smiles on the good and bad with the same beneficence . The film moves from one convoluted relationship to another continually tightening the tension being lubricated with dark humor and surreal visions fitting comfortably with `` single purpose '' . Herzog carries the audience to agree with the action through the use of our sympathy and horrific events . We empathize with the monster because we know he is us were we him . Through the fear we find humanity surfacing to bring redemption .
 Nicholas Cage has a great time as a basically good-hearted cop with a substance abuse problem caused an injury from rescuing a prisoner from drowning . He careens from one bad situation to another with dysfunctional partners , family and girlfriends.His constant pain is evident in all of his actions and he holds up well . Worth a look .
 Comparing this film to Bad Santa does not make much sense , but I will say this
 Some criticize this film 's lack of coherent structure , but I found it 's spontaneity refreshing . I 've never seen anything quite like Bad Lieutenant , which had me laughing loudly and often . Nicolas Cage plays a character that has the humorous freewheeling nature of The Dude -LRB- Big Lebowski -RRB- and the sort of maniacal unhinged self-interest of Daniel Plainview -LRB- There Will Be Blood -RRB- . Trying to talk about this movie is difficult , especially to those who have n't seen it . But this is a dark comedy with a lot going for it . This is wildly entertaining and one of the hidden gems of 2009 .
 I was surprised that my theater actually got this movie today . It does n't seem to be getting much play around the country and will likely hit DVD before most people can witness this strange little gem . I read some really positive reviews from critics and movie watchers alike , so I figured I would give it a shot . I have n't been a fan of Nicolas Cage for a long time , mainly because he seems to be taking every bad movie and turning in a subpar performance . Now that we know he has money problems in real life , it at least makes sense now . I 'm happy to say the he is back in top form here . His character is as bad as Denzel Washington 's in Training Day and he is played in the same over the top way , without seeming to be unbelievable . He has a hunched back and carries his .44 magnum in the front of his pants wherever he goes . Most of the characters in Bad Lieutenant are predictable scum , but Cage throws so much into this performance that you really have no clue what 's going to happen from one scene to the next . He is at his crazy best here and reminded me that few people can play weird as well as this man . Eva Mendes is looking pretty good here and her acting is decent , but her role does n't amount to much other than a slight bright spot for Cage 's loose cannon . Val Kilmer shows up and is quite good , but he is barely in the movie . Maybe five minutes tops.On the negative side , this film is very dark and often mean , but thankfully some humor forces it 's way through in some of these scenes . There are also some bizarre visuals , such as a point of view shot from an alligator and another from a couple of iguanas for no reason at all . A few scenes also linger on a bit to long and the pacing slows at times , but I was sucked into this corrupt man 's life and could n't keep my eyes off the screen . Welcome back Mr. Nicolas Cage of old and do n't go anywhere this time around .
 How crazy is crazy . In all honestly everything is good about this film except the title . This is a movie about a movie . Same title & same concept . If no one wants to admit that its okay but its the fans that know the truth . So anyway Nicolas Cage plays the role of a Lieutenant in a grimy post Katrina NOLA . In this film Cage does what he does he does best
 Judging from all the bad reviews , this movie is not for everyone but I was riveted by this unforgettable film . Nicholas Cage in his finest form , is a drugged-out , careening out of control detective in a darkly haunting , post-Katrina New Orleans . This is a wild ride where the spotlight is forever on the insane , strangely loveable , lost-boy character . I was glued to the screen wondering what this crazy **** is going to do next . Brilliantly directed by genius Herzog . Its now up there with one of my ten all time favorites . A must-see . Another reviewer called it a `` Noir Masterpiece . '' Indeed .
 Cage was nothing short of briliant in his role and just like LEaving LAs Vegas he pulled off a tortured soul without overacting . Although Harvey Keitel did great in the original Cage pulled off really good but crazy character . Disturbing yet funny . Herzog pulled off a good movie . Either way Cage could have been nominated but never was . Either way great movie
 There was a movie made under the same name by Abel Ferrara and starred Harvey Keitel . I have not seen it but this movie is similar , according to Ferrara and he was quite livid over its release . Werner Herzog claims to have never seen this film.Controversies aside , Bad Lieutenant delivers.In my opinion , there are four factors that make the film outstanding , Nicolas Cage , Werner Herzog the director , the script and the city of New Orleans.Nicholas Cage delivers a flawless performance as the pain riddled , drug addicted , corrupt cop who is completely out of control . His performance will reaffirm the faith of his old fans while drawing new ones . His awkward walk because of crippling back pain , his tone of voice and his dialogue delivery is superb . Kudos . He plays Terrence Mcdonagh and is investigating the murders of an entire Senegalese family . His girl friend is played by Eva Mendes and she is fair . Val Kilmer plays his co-worker and is relegated to a five minute cameo , hey what happened to this once A-lister . All the supporting characters have interesting story lines and they make this movie complete and worth watching . I really enjoyed this film , five stars 04/06/10
 As painfully accustomed as I am to the creative dead zone known as Hollywood movies , imagine the shock and joy that I felt upon seeing `` Bad Lieutenant
 The last Herzog movie that I watched before this one was a documentary about a man who got killed by a grizzly . Before that there was a long break and I remember weird stuff with Klaus Kinski -LRB- Fitzcarraldo ; Aguirre ; Ouida -RRB- , and was n't there a Kaspar Hauser version?Anyway , the man is rather crazy , and this film with the crazy Mr.Cage stays true to form . Superficially a cop story set in post Katrina New Orleans , we might retell it as if it was a straightforward one
 My back hurt after watching this movie ; my neck , too . I wo n't tell you why , but you 'll know soon enough if you give this sleeper of a movie a chance and watch Nicholas Cage do his acting thing in the Bad Lieutenant . Many people love him or hate him , but given the right material and the freedom to create , he can indeed surprise . I think he had a hand in inventing this role and maybe the director gave him a lot of leeway ; because his character dominates every frame of this movie.And there 's more good news . It 's a taught and suspenseful thriller for those of you who love the crime , suspense and murder genre . Here we have to give Herzog accolades , the director , for choosing the setting -LRB- New Orleans -RRB- , the music and the scenes . Certainly a bizarre thinker himself based on some of his other films . But in Bad he has woven together a frightening dilemma for our hero . Now that I think about it , we do n't care too much about Cage , but we do care about those that surround him . That 's a peculiarity , maybe a weakness of the story ; why people like him . But some do and in the end I do , too . He 's not a very likable sort at all and that 's an understatement , but he is startling and hysterical ; a dark , cheerless barrel of monkeys when he is high . You wo n't want to meet him otherwise.So , that 's good news for many of you Californians , who love some of the weed . There is much in this story for you to rejoice in and relate to as it examines , fictionally perhaps , the underbelly of the use and abuse of recreational and pharmaceutical drugs in a hopelessly desolate city . I do n't think the New Orleans Visitors Bureau woud approve of Herzog 's depiction of their city . Though he does it artfully.I looked into this movie because Ebert gave it high marks . I might have ignored it because of Cage otherwise . He can be too ` cagey ' in films , especially in recent action-type flicks . But he is great in this one , over the top , as they say . The other characters are acted wonderfully and are as lovable as new born puppies - just kidding . You will find most of them repulsive and comical and you 'll love to hate them . I think Herzog is a ` bad director ' . You 'll know why I used parentheses after you watch .
 Get this movie !! If you like Quentin Tarantino , you 'll love this incredible ride of a film . Cage is nothing less than brilliant .
 A remake of Bad Lieutenant ? Not really no , as Werner Herzog 's The Bad Lieutenant
 If you are looking for something really different , watch Werner Herzog 's `` The Bad Lieutenant
 I went into this not having read too much about it really , and not knowing just how much it had to do with Abel Ferrara 's 1992 film-with-part-of-the-same name . I loved that film when it came out , and probably ought to revisit it , but in the meantime this Werner Herzog `` re-imagining '' or whatever one wants to call it is n't half-bad in it 's own right , though I 'm not entirely sure if it 's really special either . Not an easy film to get to the heart of after just one viewing , but I 'll give it a try.The basic plot does mirror the earlier film in its essentials - an -LRB- apparently -RRB- once-good cop -LRB- nameless , and inhabited with ferocious anguish by Harvey Keitel in the earlier film -RRB- spirals downward over the course of a few days due to drug addiction , gambling debts , obsessions with women and allowing all of this personal stuff to get in the way of a difficult murder/drug case . But whereas the earlier film had an awful lot of Christian symbolism and was fairly obviously the work of someone with a difficult relationship with Catholicism , Werner Herzog 's film eschews religion , and also humanizes Lt Terrence McDonagh -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , giving him not only a name but -LRB- possibly -RRB- a rationale for his behavior , which may feel more realistic but is also , ultimately , a bit problematic . Herzog as always is more interested in man 's relationship with his environment and his obsessions than with his faith.At the beginning of the film McDonagh and his partner Stevie -LRB- Val Kilmer -RRB- are searching a jail in the aftermath of Katrina . They 're doing a lot of joking , and McDonagh grabs a fellow cop 's dirty pictures , but nothing seems really out of place . Then they come across a prisoner locked in a cage that is slowly flooding . They laugh and joke about it and seem as if they 're just going to let the guy drown , but then McDonagh jumps in to save him . Cut to a few months later - McDonagh is on heavy doses of vicodin for a back injury he suffered in the rescue , has been promoted to Lieutenant , and is also a heavy user of coke and is involved with high-priced hooker Frankie -LRB- Eva Mendes -RRB- . The thing that 's interesting is that we do n't know - never know - how much of his current situation is due to the injury , because we only get a couple of minutes of the backstory . How far along was he in this downward spiral ? How much of it is , in fact , due to an act of heroism?Soon McDonagh gets put on a quintuple-homicide case that involves drugs , and he 's up to his neck both investigating what 's going on and trying to make a buck off of it . Because he 's also a gambler you see , and in deep ; and he also manages to make an enemy of one of his girlfriend 's customers early on who happens to have connections . More drugs , more threats of violence , and eventually a partnership with one of the dealers ... it looks as if McDonagh 's days are numbered , and as his life begins to deteriorate , so too his body and mind seem to start falling apart.Then the film starts to change direction , subtly at first and then in the last 20 minutes or so more obviously -LRB- which I wo n't spoil for you -RRB- , and heads away to some extent from the gritty `` realism '' which seemed to be its focus earlier on . It 's all quite ambivalent and murky in the final analysis , which was probably deliberate but which does n't entirely work given the single-minded negative direction Cage 's character and the film goes in for such a long stretch ; if like me you are taking it as a realistic portrait at the beginning , it may be hard to accept the growing fantasy world that it seems to grow into . And though I do n't usually mind being in the company of unpleasant people , in this case it does become a bit wearing , as the film is basically full of nothing but low-lives , from the cops to the dealers and everybody in between . The film definitely felt a little longer than it needed to be - I think we got both the message -LRB- if there is one -RRB- and enough incident to keep us entertained by the hour and a half mark ; the rest seems a bit repetitious and sometimes silly.But then ... there is Cage , who manages the physical and even the vocal mannerisms of someone wearing down day by day through drugs and stress and fear quite effectively . I 'm sure a lot of people are saying this is his best performance in years - not having seen very much of the films he 's been making in the past 10-15 years I 'll take their word for it , but it 's certainly pretty impressive . I thought his speech pattern , which changes markedly over the course of the film , rather strange - but again , I think that at the end , it 's become a different sort of nightmare , a different kind of vision of hell or heaven or ... something ... and Cage has changed with it.It 's also rather odd that nobody in the film sounds particularly like they 're from New Orleans - if you look down the cast list , nobody in the top dozen or so credited is from the area , and only a couple are from the south at all . When you realize this , and when you see where the film goes ultimately , you have to assume that realism was just about the last thing on Herzog 's mind . Sure , the movie was filmed in NOLA and nearby areas , but the seedy atmosphere of the whole thing could be replicated anywhere , and apart from the bookending references to the hurricane , it does n't much matter . Which makes the subtitle `` Port of Call New Orleans '' every bit as oblique as the whole film ultimately ends up being.I have the feeling this could easily improve a lot on a subsequent viewing . Perhaps in this case , having some idea of the direction the film and it 's main character are heading in might make it more cohesive and meaningful . At the moment , in any case , this BAD LIEUTENANT is one of the harder-to-rate films I 've seen lately ; Cage 's performance , and the entertainment value of the film , keep it positive , and that 's where it 'll likely remain pending another viewing.And you 'll just have to see the film yourself to know what my title means !
 Excellent ! Just excellent ! This film wisely avoids all the formulas of what most people expect from a cop movie.The characters are layered and very well acted . The atmosphere is surreal . Quite an experience .
 I enjoy Nicholas Cage as an actor and he always seems to get me involved in any of the movies that he acts in .
 This movie offers a bit of everything ... good cop , gone bad , doing good ... Anyone who understands pain , addiction , or enjoys a good movie about the never-ending struggle between good and evil -LRB- which is n't always so black & white -RRB- , should consider watching &#34; Bad Lieutenant
 What a twist in events . Was not expecting such twist and turns . Just the suspense will keep you glued . A must see !!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this one . I have to admit I was apprehensive at first to watch , but I am glad I did . Cage does an amazing job . I laughed out loud a half a dozen times solely because of his mannerisms . Well directed , albeit unbelievable .
 Arguably one of Werner Herzog 's best films . Cage packs a punch with some intense acting . Of course it 's edgy and not for everyone as well as pushes the limits of traditional film-making . Get tranced by extra-long shots of wildlife as the music trips you into a ` though-you-were on drugs ' daze . Quirky humor , crazed rants and a man breaking all the rules in a wreckless but focused and effective way . I 'm not one to watch movies more than once , but have seen this one at least three times .
 This is a super acting job by Gauge . Very convincing . You can feel his back pain problems , I started walking bent-over at first .
 He is such a good actor that he can take this &#34; plot &#34; and make a good movie out of it .
 Haha leave it to nick to make a strangely interesting movie if u r a nicolas cage fan u knw he can give u very strange at times Haha he did it again
 If you are sick of the hollywood nom than this movie is for you . At times its surreal and other times nervous , and edgy.Sit back and enjoy the ride !
 Basically his character just does coke for the entire movie while stumbling across weird stuff . One would think that would make it bad but I ended up finding it really entertaining .
 I enjoyed this . Get to see N Cage in a role where he can wallow in his manic phase shtick ... a wonderful diversion from typical film normalacy . He starts off living in a nightmare , and somehow dives deeper and deeper into an overwhelming whirlpool of desperation and threat . It all takes place in New Orleans , a city where dissipation is a career . During the lowest part of Cage 's crash dive , Herzog includes some bizarre shots of alligators and iguanas . Disconcerting , but an interesting visual evocative of his mindset at the moment . This film is a mesmerizing ride to hell , with Cage as the perfect conductor . There is a light at the end of all this , preventing this film from existing only as a compleat downer .
 Nicholas Cage is undoubtedly one of Hollywood 's finest actors . This movie is set in New Orleans post Katrina . He is a decorated detective in the local police force who battles back pain with legal and illegal drugs , has a gambling addiction , and a high price call girl as his girlfriend . Val Kilmer plays as one of his corrupt cop buddies . This movie has many twists and turns as they delve into the mob underground looking for the murderers of a local illegal immigrant family . A surprisingly good movie for only $ 0.99 video on demand rental . Definitely not suitable for children as drugs and violence are portrayed but an excellent adult movie .
 It 's nearly impossible to review a movie like this . In fact , it 's highly unlikely that there has ever been another movie `` like this '' . Simply put , Werner Herzog and Nicolas Cage have created one of the most bizarre films I have ever seen . This assessment is only strengthened upon the realization that Bad Lieutenant
 Not what I expected and that was a pleasant surprise.This is in my opinion Nicholas Cage 's best role . I 'm not a big fan of his , and usually avoid his films , but this one really shocked me not only with the content , but his acting ability . He basically plays a burned out police lieutenant -LRB- do n't know how he rose to that rank -RRB- , with a number of drug and alcohol addictions that is in love with a hooker -LRB- Ava Mendes -RRB- and who is constantly shaking down the citizens of New Orleans to feed his crack and cocaine addiction . Seems plausible , this is New Orleans ya know?Anyway , he gets all hosed up with the mob cause he cant cover his bets , and then he finds Xzibit who is obviously not in charge of the city library , and gets even more whacked out and starts halucinating about iguanas -LRB- which I 've done too -RRB- and people soul dancing after they get shot a whole bunch of times so this is all pretty much my normal everyday thing , but you might have never witnessed this before thats why I 'm writing this review.BTW , Fairuza Balk >> >> > Smoking HOT!Very good , highly underrated and darkly comic movie . Its funny , ya heard me ? 4 Pipes !
 Herzog is a fascinating director , one to investigate ... that 's why I selected this film . The movie was captivating , full of outrageous and repulsive situations intended for a mature audience , an audience willing to accept the heroic villiany of Cage 's character . Cage seems to be a surprisingly polarizing actor - he 's solid in this one , but still very much Nicholas Cage . If you do n't have beef with him , and want to see a corrupt cop story , here 's a fierce depravity steaming with inspiration and irony .
 WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF DECENTRISTS !! To summarise in simple terms - brilliant , absolutely brilliant ! Just plain brilliant ! I saw it in the two hours that for me almost passed as two minutes ! The film opened my senses to the reality of an ongoing presence of decentralists operating at the highest levels of New Orleans police - which is just what the people of New Orleans need !! Allow me to explain . 10 years ago , it became pretty much obvious to every awakening American that decentralization is a major important answer to the question of what is to be done about corruption in American politics and in the American police forces . In this film , the concept of total decentralization from bottom up is visualized . Several policemen decide to get the New Orleans police clean from corruption in a matter of a bet that will cost one of them thousands of U.S. dollars - merely a few weeks ! They decide to rely upon the one policeman they can rely upon -LRB- the character played by Nicholas Cage -RRB- who understands that to get your area rid of corruption you must be corrupt for a while yourself . As the thin line between what corruption means on a philosophical level and what corruption really is n't is drawn - it becomes clear to the police officer , that decentralization is just as much a philosophical concept as corruption - in ways he would never have suspected . Faced with the possibility of loosing his job if he will not find and aid in the pleading of guilty the parties responsible for the deaths of three children and their mother , he decides to join for a while forces with some of the most corrupt among New Orlean 's drug lords , and convinces them that he has no spiritual discernment whatsoever , while his spiritual discernment turns out in the end to be vastly superior to that which he had thought he really possessed . Nicholas Cage performs brilliantly as the uomo sinistrium of modern times - the sinister man who has replaced uomo universalis - the renaissance man.The renaissance man was more or less a liberal centrist , while the uomo sinistrium is first and foremost a decentrist individualist . The result becomes a totally surprising - albeit very happy ending , where it turns out how hard it really is for the main character to get himself rid of drug addiction . All sorts of moral questions as well as amoral ones are asked in the film and it leaves no area untouched for me that was needed to satisfy my senses as a serious viewer of Nicholas Cage movies -LRB- my favourite as a kid was Birdy -RRB- . New Orleans is thus a terrific portrayal of what may happen , contrary to what most conspiracy writers believe today about the New Orleans police , if they decide one day to decentralize their positions from bottoms up . Already , decentralization of police is becoming a major factor of discussion in many areas of today 's politics , now that the European Union is beginning to collapse , followed by the IMF . IMF 's collapse is absolutely certain - and it may well have very beneficial consequences for today 's present decentralists . I am big on decentralization myself and wholeheartedly support full decentralization of New Orlean 's police . What makes this film so unique is how seriously it managed to express the meaning of the concept of ` decentralization ` without ever needing to even mention the term .
 What 's up with the hallucinations though ? Thought I was going crazy - turns out it was Mr. Cage . Three more words .
 its true , what an awkward name for this movie . despite it , what a nice rollercoaster ride ! there is just enough humor to not let the gruesomeness get to you . sort of depressing , this movie seems like a long dark tunnel with all sorts of creatures and smells inside , but when u get out the sun is still shining .
 Nicholas Cage is not one for subtle roles . He is great at playing the anti-hero . His good-cop-gone-bad character fits his screen persona perfectly . Eva Mendes leads a large cast of supporting characters who really make this an unforgettable movie in a genre that has been overdone lately . The Cage character is truly up against ALL odds , from drug dealers and mobsters to his boss , the D.A. and himself . The storyline is interesting and does n't get lost despite the many detours it takes as Cage sinks further and further into the dark quicksand of his own making . Who will kill him first ? Everyone wants to , and are all determined to take their best shot . There is a lot of dark comic relief thrown in to keep the movie-goer on their toes , and off balance , as Cage torques up his badness and shows no one any respect . This is an excellent movie , well-executed and full of unexpected quirkiness.I am at a loss to explain some of the negative reviews , especially those complaining of camera-work , etc. . This movie is of no less quality than any other Hollywood movie . Sure , it lacks computer generated critters , exploding death stars and robot killers from the future -- but then this is not Aliens , Star Wars of T2 . I will leave it at that , just to be nice . I think most intelligent movie fans will be able to see what is going on with those low reviews and dismiss them for what they are.Explanation of my five stars
 Bought this to add to my `` British Rail Journeys '' collection only to find that it is the same program that was included in British Rail Journeys
 It is so great to have this DVD finally available and to know that more are on the works . With various stations ' treatment of this show in recent years , we can now give up on those networks and watch this classic show commercial-free , in its entirety , anytime day or night ! FYI , to the reviewer who claimed Ritter 's recent death as the `` only reason '' for the release of this DVD ... WRONG !!!!!! It was in the works WELL before that tragic occurrence . If you do n't `` get '' the show , your loss , I do n't really have time for you and will not tailor my review to you . If you love the show , the DVD is worth it . I did notice the sound -LRB- volume -RRB- was a bit shaky , but not enough to pick a bone with . This has been a long time coming .
 I ca n't believe this is finally coming to DVD!Three 's Company has always been my ` all time ' favorite show.I never get sick of watching John Ritter 's extraordinary talent.I just hope the other seasons are released quickly.There are quite a few and I want them all !
 We are so glad that 3 's company are finally being released in DVD !!! We are waiting for all the following seasons . But we hope that they will include bonuses and most of all subtitles in english .3 's company is surely the best comedy of all times . It was even aired in Lebanon where it is very famous!Rest in peace John .
 I 'm glad that the Three 's Company series has come to DVD . I 'm a recent fan to the series , but I do enjoy it and will definitely watch for further season releases.Hope the DVD does the series justice .
 Growing up I loved watching re-runs of Three 's Company on TV . I think it 's re-run about as long as I Love Lucy . I was n't sure at first if I wanted to collect this series , now that I had opened it up as a very lovely Christmas gift I 'm a die hard fan of the series . Ever since John Ritter has passed away I 've missed him very deeply , possibly more than any celebrity that 's passed away . Now I have a wonderful starter collection to remember him by . The quality of the DVD is totally amazing ! It 's one of the best that I 've had besides The Mary Tyler Moore season one set . At first I 've always been surprised that the first season was on one DVD . When I did some research I realized it was a starter or a test season . I love all the episodes on this set
 This package contains all six episodes from the first season of ABC 's hit sitcom THREE 'S COMPANY . It premiered on March 15,1977 starring the late John Ritter as Jack Tripper , a young handsome aspiring chef who was then studying the culinary arts . Joyce DeWitt is Janet Wood , a brunette beauty who works in a flower shop and Suzanne Somers as blonde beauty Chrissy Snow who immediately interests Jack in many ways . Supporting cast members are the late Audra Lindley as Helen Roper and the late Norman Fell as Helen 's husband Stanley . Stanley and Helen are the trio 's landlords . In the first episode , Jack is asleep in the bathtub following a drinking binge from a party given by Janet and Chrissy the previous evening . The party was for Eleanor , Jack 's predecessor in apartment 201 . Eleanor had gotten married and given birth to a seven-pound and nine-ounce baby boy . So after Jack cooks a delicious breakfast for Janet and Chrissy , they invite him to be their new roommate . When Jack introduces himself to the Ropers , who live directly below the trio , he tells them he 's moving in . But Stanley strongly denies until Janet told him Jack was gay -LRB- Stanley could never fathom a straight male platonically living with two straight women -RRB- . In episode # 2 , Jack arrives with his belongings via taxicab from the YMCA where he previously resided , to apartment 201 . He rings the bell , but instead of a chime he hears Stanley reacting to the electricity immersing in him as he was fixing the doorbell . Chrissy 's mother came to L.A. for a dentist 's appointment and planned to stay at the apartment . She sleeps in what would become Jack 's bedroom and Jack sleeps on the couch -LRB- Jack would do that whenever there were house guests -RRB- . In episode # 3 , it 's Chrissy 's birthday and the trio would celebrate amongst themselves . Stanley 's young beautiful niece Karen is staying with the Ropers and Stanley pays Jack $ 50 to take her out despite Stanley believes Jack is gay . Jack promised the date would only last 20 minutes and he would come back home in time for the birthday celebration . Janet and Chrissy are furious with Jack . On the date , Jack who drives Stanley 's car , had some trouble with it . It overheated on the freeway . He uses the $ 50 to reclaim the cameo Janet had hocked a while back for rent money . Jack and Karen are kissing in the Ropers ' apartment and when the Ropers awake , Stanley catches Jack and Karen and immediately evicts him from apartment 201 -LRB- `` He was acting normal , that 's sick ! '' -RRB- . The eviction is cancelled after Karen , according to Stanley , practically attacked Jack and he showed no interest . In episode # 4 , Jack brings home a puppy , unaware that pets are forbidden in the apartment . Richard Kline as Larry Dallas , makes his first appearance on the show . Jack owed Larry $ 25 and Jack took the puppy to cancel the debt . Larry would later become Jack 's best friend and the trio 's upstairs neighbor . The trio parents the dog until Helen takes it in . A sleepwalking Chrissy planted the dog on the Ropers ' doorstep . Helen declares the dog an anniversary present from Stanley . In episode # 5 , the trio redecorate the apartment and take a break to go to the neighborhood pub , the Regal Beagle , first seen in episode # 2 . There , at the bar are two guys and one of them takes interest in Chrissy . Chrissy feels harassed by the guy . He overhears Jack telling Janet and Chrissy that men are naturally stronger than women . He , the `` creep '' , finds a `` man '' in the joint , Stanley . The `` creep '' accidentally spills Stanley 's brandy and asks the bartender to give Stanley another one . Later Jack finally gets tough with the creep and for his -LRB- Jack 's -RRB- so-called heroism , is given an on-the-house shot of whiskey . The creep harassed both Janet and Chrissy . In episode # 6 , Janet and Chrissy are out $ 300 in back rent money . Thinking the money was stolen , they call the police . Jack tries to get $ 300 from the financial aid department at his college and is denied . Janet and Chrissy do n't realize until the end , that they had already paid the rent . Stanley naturally took the money , in an envelope with the word ` rent ' on it , while doing a repair job . But he failed to leave a receipt indicating he received the payment -LRB- the tenant 's / s ' copy was still attached to his receipt book ! -RRB- .
 This great Three 's Company DVD is awesome !!! All 6 episodes from season one !!! The late John Ritter at his finest !!! The rest of the cast is great too !!! The quality of this Anchor Bay DVD is top notch !!! five stars !!! A +
 Yes , Three 's Company is the greatest show because of John Ritter 's brilliance . All the seasons were great , but 6 , 7 , and 8 were easily the best because Chrissy was gone , and completely forgotten and the show could now focus on the power of Jack Tripper . Sure , Chrissy was a fine credit to the core of the show , but as she became dumber , she became more of a hindrance than a support to Jack . Terri , on the other hand , became the perfect complement to Jack , not to mention the fact that she was also much hotter than Chrissy . And , of course , Janet had always achieved a wonderful dynamic with Jack throughout all the seasons . The last 3 seasons not only showcased John Ritter 's unbelievable physicality in greater amounts , but the actual content of the show focused on Jack 's life . In other words , the whole premise of a guy living with 2 girls was virtually worn out and extinct . As a result the content became broader and the show became much funnier . But all of the credit for this improvement is bestowed to John Ritter . This indeed was John Ritter 's show , and the show would not have had anywhere near the amount of appeal with some other actor . The first season unfortunately does not showcase John Ritter , but revolves around the 3 roommates . Nevertheless , just his presence is electrifying and his magnificence envelops you . Celebrate the Greatest Show by the Greatest Man through this DVD !
 Bursting onto the television landscape in Spring 1977 , Three 's Company quickly skyrocketed in the ratings - cracking the top 8 every season except its last . Sporting a plethora of quirky characters and fresh writing talent that explored modern day issues , the show held its own as one of the funniest programs on TV . Picking up where All In The Family left off , Three 's Company delved into the social taboos of its day , dealing with subjects such as homosexuality , racism , sexual harassment , and of course , unmarried men and women living together ... But the true success of Three 's Company stemmed from the comic talents of John Ritter and Suzanne Somers who became instant stars as a result of their respective roles on the show ... In Three 's Company , John Ritter plays the role of Jack Tripper , a young cooking student in San Diego who wants to move into an apartment with his two female friends - the far more mature Janet Wood -LRB- Joyce DeWitt -RRB- and the blonde and ditsy Chrissy Snow -LRB- Suzanne Somers -RRB- . But the three friends face the possible wrath of landlord Stanley Roper -LRB- Norman Fell -RRB- , an old-fashioned guy who would never allow such an arrangement . With the aid of Roper 's wife Helen -LRB- Audra Lindley -RRB- , the three manage to convince Stanley that Jack is gay -LRB- when he is , in fact , a notorious ladies man -RRB- . Jack 's friend Larry -LRB- Richard Kline -RRB- also fashions himself a player on the local singles scene , and he makes regular appearances on the show . Following Season 3 , Stanley and Helen left the show in pursuit of their own spin-off titled The Ropers . Don Knotts -LRB- of Andy Griffith Show fame -RRB- was brought in to play the new landlord , Mr. Furley - a nave , loud-mouthed ditz who tripled the hilarity of every scene in which he appeared ... The Three 's Company -LRB- Season 1 -RRB- DVD features a number of hilarious episodes including the season premiere `` A Man About the House '' in which roommates Janet Wood and Chrissy Snow throw a going away party for their roommate Eleanor . In search of another roommate to lower the rent burden , the two run across Jack Tripper passed out in their bathtub . At first , the two women are apprehensive about Jack becoming their third roommate , but since they ca n't cook and he 's in cooking school , they agree . The only problem is convincing their old-fashioned landlord Stanley Roper to allow a man to live with two women . They convince him by telling Stanley that Jack is gay ... Other notable episodes from the shortened Season 1 include `` And Mother Makes Four '' in which Chrissy attempts to conceal from her mother that a man is one of her roommates , and `` Roper 's Niece '' in which Mr. Roper sets Jack up with his promiscuous niece in order to see if Jack is really gay ... Below is a list of episodes included on the Three 's Company -LRB- Season 1 -RRB- DVD : Episode 1 -LRB- A Man About the House -RRB- Episode 2 -LRB- And Mother Makes Four -RRB- Episode 3 -LRB- Roper 's Niece -RRB- Episode 4 -LRB- No Children , No Pets -RRB- Episode 5 -LRB- Jack the Giant Killer -RRB- Episode 6 -LRB- It 's Only Money -RRB- The DVD Report
 It was inevitable that Three 's Company would be released on DVD , the only surprise is that it took this long to get here . Finally , the first 6 episodes of this landmark sitcom that aired between March & April 1977 are preserved on digital . Each episode is a classic in its own right and memorable if you know the show . Three 's Company , more than anything John Ritter did , best displayed his talent for comedy , especially physical . Ritter had the ability to turn the lamest storyline into a laughfest . This also is easily his best and most popular work , other sitcoms such as `` Hearts Afire '' and `` 8 Simple Rules '' hold no comparison and its obvious that the only reason those shows made it was because of Ritter 's involvment . The same can be said about Three 's Company to some extent , not to exclude the contributions of Joyce Dewitt & Suzanne Somers . Some are of the mindset that Chrissy was the show -LRB- maybe she just thought that -RRB- , but I 've always thought it was about Jack . He should 've been paid more , not because he 's a man , but because if he left the show , it would 've ended . 8 simple rules does n't have long believe me . Three 's Company was special because all of the characters were important to the show and they each were hilarious in their own right
 I used to watch this when I was in school ... this brought back memories ... funny funny funny !!! Ca n't wait to buy more .
 Thanks for the movie we do enjoy having it . Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks
 I was very happy with my product I absolutely love it !!! And it was brand new at a very reasonable price . Gon na continue my shopping on amazon .
 Three 's Company is THE best sitcom ever ! Each episode will have you laughing from beginning to end . The DVD works perfectly
 If you want to laugh and laugh hard this is the DVD to purchase , also this DVD will bring back memories of the late 70s when Tv comedy was at it 's best.i give this DVD a 2 + thumbs up . Looking 2 purchase season 2 soon !! . .
 I have had the pleasure of working with John a couple times and am proud to call him one of my friends . This series is a classic for sure and I love watching their antics ! Super series - I 'll be getting more .
 Three 's a Company is another great Sitcom Starring John Ritter and his Zany castWhere john Ritter has Followed Dick van Dyke 's Foot step 's in tripping over thingsGreat Show with alot of Laughter for the whole family . .
 Great item . Will buy more in the future . Great gifts . Thanks for your great and quick response . Thanks again . Goodbye
 Loved Three 's Company when I used to watch it on TV Land so I had to get the first season . Would love to eventually get all the seasons of it . It is a great comedy show not like the so called comedy today that I personally think should be called sick or dark comedy .
 Enjoying watching the `` older '' shows that I remember growing up with ! Three 's Company Season 1 was a great buy for hours of entertainment ! Great price & shipped quickly !
 I loved this show . The show has taken on a `` larger than life '' persona over the years , which I think is misplaced . You 'd think it was `` I Love Lucy , '' `` All in the Family , '' or `` Mary Tyler Moore '' with all the hype this show has received over the years . It is n't any of those things . It 's simply a cute , light comedy show that always makes you laugh and is hilariously silly all the time . It also works to show off the bodies of Suzanne Somers , and even John Ritter . This first season really reminds you what the show really was , simple cute episodes with a lot of laughs , that does n't take itself seriously as so many people today take this show as . The cast seems so young here , but you get a feel for the show and see the real comic genius of all involved , particularly Ritter . Though the price reflects this , this is only six-epidode DVD . If you 've seen other first season DVD 's for other shows , be aware that this is not a 20 + episode disc . It is six episodes that you will be able to watch within 2-3 hours as this show was a mid-season replacement so the first season was in fact only 6 episodes . There are no extras , apart from a brief written summary of each show and a brief written tribute to Ritter . I have no idea about the techical aspects of the transfer , but sound , image , and color seem good to me .
 It brought home an old classic - I can watch these guys over and over again .
 I would have to say that Threes Company is probably one of my all time favorite television sitcoms . I remember trying to watch it when I was a kid but couldnt because the material was deemed to sexually offensive by my parents . Fortunatly I was able to catch the show when I was older and have watched it when I could catch it in reruns . Thanks to Tv Land that was everynight . I would have to say that the release of this DVD was something I had not expected and was very suprised to find it at the store.All six episodes from season one are here to watch and enjoy anytime you like . Sound quality is good and the picture is also pretty good . If you do buy this dvd its for the terrific performances of John Ritter , Norman Fell and Audrey Lindley . The only complanint I had with the Dvd is that it does not have a play all feature on the main menu so if a show ends you have to start another one instead of the shows playing straight through .
 More then 20 years have passed since I used to watch Three 's Company on the tv -LRB- I was 6 and now I am 28 -RRB- and I was I little afraid to see this show again after so much time , afraid not to feel that chemistry , not to fall in love with the characters again , not to laugh anymore.Well , I could n't be more wrong ! I laughed and fell in love again with all the characters as I was watching the show for the firs time.The screenplays are beautiful , and all the actors give stunning performances.I also found both very respectful and relaxed the way the show dealt with homosexuality . It offered to viewers of the late Seventies -LRB- first Eighties in Italy , wher I live -RRB- different points of view and attitudes towards gay people , -LRB- from the conservative character of Norman Fell to his relaxed wife Audra Lindley -RRB- . I can say it helped a lot of gay people to see and judge themselves in a different and better way.I am gay and even though I was not aware of that at the time I watched the show for the first time , I later understood how much that little sitcom helped me get out of the closet and feel a person like everybody else.The only thumbs-down goes to the total absence of subtitles.Nonetheless , this dvd is a must have !
 It 's great to finally have this sitcom on DVD even if it 's the first season only . The only bad thing about it is that it has as a bonus the teaser of letting you know that season 2 is coming next spring 2004 and at first I thought as a bonus surprise it actually included the 2nd season!I think this should 've been released on a more complete package but oh well ... nothing 's perfect .
 I watch reruns of Three 's Company and I never get sick of watching Mr.John Ritter . He was the most funniest people who walked the face of the earth . When i heard he died I just broke down in tears . RIP Mr. John Ritter , we will never forget you .
 One of my favoret shows , I just love John Ritter , it was very sad day when he left.Season one DVD is very below on presentation , can you belive it , one singel DVD !!!!!!!!!!!!! But they really did a good job on Season 2 's presentation , it is worth the money.Over all the show it worth it .
 Who does n't love this show ? It 's an absolute classic . See the high jinks and sexual innuendo go along during the show . It 's so funny . I love it the most because Jack was always so funny and sweet . Janet was actually funny . And Chrissy was not dumb yet .
 I 'm so excited with all of you in the past reviews . This is my all time favoirte sitcome and it is now making it to DVD . But season one is so short !!! It 's a Mid-season starter back in March of 1977 and they were not sure if it was going to make it but it sure took off . What I think they should have done is add season one and two together , but oh well I 'll have to deal with just the 6 episodes for a short while . I do think they will release up to season 6 . Well I hope they at least release all of them but to be honest I can only see them releasing the ones with Susanne Sommers , the others are just as good though .
 I had to give season one only 4 stars because theres only 6 episodes :-LRB- . That just means Ill have to order season two faster .
 Janet Wood -LRB- Joyce DeWitt -RRB- and Chrissy Snow -LRB- Suzanne Somers -RRB- live in an apartment together in Santa Monica . When their roommate leaves to get married , they need to find another roommate . Coincidently , one morning both girls find a guy sleeping in their bathtub . This guy , Jack Tripper -LRB- John Ritter -RRB- is studying to be a chef , and therefore he 's a good cook . Janet and Chrissy asks Jack if he wants to move in with them , and Jack accepts . But landlord Stanley Roper -LRB- Norman Fell -RRB- wo n't allow a guy living in the same house as the girls , so Janet tells him Jack is gay . Later on in the season , Helen -LRB- Mrs. Roper - Audra Lindley -RRB- finds out Jack is n't really gay , but just playing so that Mr. Roper allows him to live there.This 6-episode season 1 DVD is awesome . The episodes are really funny and I love the Ropers conversations towards each other .
 That 's the best comedy I have ever seen before and I love it . I am looking forward to have the season 2 or more in the coming months . I had seen this comedy in the early '80 on TV during my study in Canada . Until recently , I found it on the shelf of HMV in Hong Kong . The comedy is so warm and humour and all the actors -LRB- especially the landlords & Rita -RRB- are terrific in the show .
 This is the BEST sit-com shows EVER !! If you like John R , u must get this DVD and I been waiting for sooooo long for this . I wish they could just release the entire sets ... John R , RIP ...
 I loved this sitcom the minute i saw it . The cast of John Ritter as Jack Tripper , Joyce Dewitt as Janet , Priscilla Barnes as Terry , Richard Kline as Larry , and Don Knotts as Mr. Furley was my favorite group . Personally I thought that Suzanne Summers was n't very good at the spot she had and was to greedy for money . All the rest of the cast was great . My thoughts are with John Ritter and I 'll miss him . We love you John .
 I AM DELIGHTED , three words . Used to watch as a kid , say 10-13 , and I was in awe of this world where everybody is in everybody else 's life . The good friend Larry , the Ropers , their fussing over their favourite music -LRB- Peter Frampton 's I Ca n't Stand It No More -RRB- all of this made me think that wanted to come of age and that I wanted to happen in that same condo in San Diego with a Royal bugle down on the corner and those endless walk on the promenade . I love Three 's Company and you 'll love it too . Get it Now !!!
 1 . A Man About the House2 . And Mother Makes Four3 . Roper 's Niece4 . No Children , No Pets5 . Jack the Giant Killer6 . It 's only Money
 One wet and sticky day , my mom asked me if I wanted to watch the `` Three 's Company '' DVD . I reluctantly agreed , but 1 minute later , I was cracked up . Sure , this series is old , but that does n't take away how funny it is . This is sure to live on for a long time . I just wish that there were more episodes in season one .
 `` Three 's Company is a must own DVD ! Each show is a classic comedy re watchable over and over for it 's familiar comedic themes yet fresh plots episode to episode performed by a great comic cast of actors . Get all 8 sitcom television seasons on DVD and I guarantee you will never get bored and the classic material will never get old ... ''
 The first 6 episodes of Threes Company are all classics . I luv this show . It is so funny and rememberable . If you have n't already checked out this show , now is the time . Trust me it is great show . The episodes are in perfect quality . I have watched this show for years and love it more and more . Jack , Janet , and Chrissy welcome you . Come and knock on their door .
 i loved it from the begining when chrissy found jack in the bathtub that was really funny . The dvd was awsome even though there were a few glidgets with the last 3 episodes i thought this dvd is great and its now one of my favorites .
 I was a late convert to Three 's Company , but I got into it when my husband started recording episodes on our Tivo . This is a collection of the first six episodes and lays the groundwork for the series . The chemistry among the cast is readily apparent and John Ritter 's physical comedy is genius ! Janet and Chrissy find Jack passed out in their bathtub one morning after a going away party for their roommate . They need a roommate and Jack needs a place to stay , and bing bang boom , the premise of the show is born . But , this is the 1970 's and a man living with two women is a bit scandalous . The Ropers , the landlords of the building , wo n't hear of it . So Janet tells the Ropers that Jack is gay . Even watching this show in the 21st century , it is evident how ahead of it 's time it was . A gay man , two women living with a man and innuendos galore demonstrate just how ahead of its time the show was .
 What a find !!! This short collection from the first season of Three 's Company . The programme is just as funny if not more so than the UK version which most episodes are based upon.Originally screened on ABC without much optimism in spring 1977 the first six episodes introduce us to Jack Tripper and his two female room-mates along with the Ropers - the landlords of the apartment.Just one of the six episodes is a fresh US episode - Roper 's Niece , which I found to be just as amusing as the other five.The boxset has no extras , just a bare bones set with the six episodes . Grest to see the late John Ritter starting in the role he became most famous for.I loved it for the genuine laughs on the show as well as looking at the fashions , prices , hair , and late 70s attitudes on the show.After these six I had to immediately purchase season two which I 'm finding just as good as this.Even though it 's 30 + years old , this is a quality show and well worth owning .
 no problems whatsoeverI remember why I love the show so muchthis DVD is much cheaper here than at other retailersI wonder why though only 6 episodes on the 1st season ... maybe they needed for it to catch onthats understandablethere 's a great memorial feature for John Ritter too
 This is an awesome show . Though I was n't around when they were airing this is the 70 's , it still interesting today . My uncle recorded some episodes from TV Land and I got addictive to them . `` Three 's Company '' is a great series that will keep you stuck to the television .
 Very good quality DVD . I have purchased DVD 's from another site and the quality was horrible . This one plays good and I really like the comedy in Three 's Company .
 Although the number of episodes is limited , this made for enjoyable viewing , as long as you did n't take the show 's premise too seriously . It took me back to my youth , when I had a crush on Joyce DeWitt . Harmless fun .
 Another funny sitcom of the 70 's it 's still unbelievable that John Ritter a great and funny actor is gone , order the entire series it will crack you up .
 we LOVE the classic tv series . this was one of the best . ca n't wait to buy the rest of the seasons .
 one of the best if not the best sitcom ever put on tv , im not sure what the morons with the 1 star review were watching , theres a reason this show was number 1 in ratings and lasted 8 years , its funnier than hell !! THIS SHOW WAS THE FIRST TO HAVE SEXUAL THEMES AND BURY THAT CORNY LEAVE IT TO BEAVER TV PREMISE . john ritter was a comedy genius and every season of this show captures his brilliance , starting here in season 1 , ignore the 1 star reviews if you have a good sense of humor .
 i love 3s company . it had a chemistry between characters thats hard to find . its a cozy retro treat!my only complaint is that there are no interesting extras that make dvds so much fun though i hear they made up for that on season 2 . ALSO having only 6 episodes was not enough to nosh on and had me staying up all nite to catch it on tv land.i cant wait for my season 2 to arrive . john ritter was one of a kind ! i also ordered come and knock on our door by chris mann it was great for any other 3s company junkies !
 Has it been almost 30 years since the debut of Three 's Company ? Many good and bad shows have come and gone , but Three 's Company remains a familiar sitcom providing laughs and good memories . With the passing of John Ritter still on most fans mind it is extra special to watch the earlier episodes especially . He was a brilliant physical comedian/actor and dramatically underrated too . Gone too are both Audra Lindley and Norman Fell who were so good they branched off and had their own series . They live on in these episodes and in our hearts.One thing interesting about the first season is how different -LRB- looking and acting -RRB- each character is . Jack and Chrissy are both very into each other , but follow the rules and keep things relatively clean . Speaking of Chrissy , she is more reserved and not the complete `` ditz '' she transforms into in later seasons . Janet too is less bossy and protective . I think only Jack stays pretty much constant through the years.This collection features the following episodes : A Man About the House - The pilot featuring the `` girls '' meeting Jack -LRB- sleeping in the tub -RRB- for the first time as well as an introduction to the Ropers . Jack 's `` lifestyle '' is established much to his objection.And Mother Makes Four - Chrissy 's Mother decides to pop in and then later spend the night , thus creating a frantic/hilarious scenario for the `` kids '' . Jack 's famous human lampshade impersonation is displayed which still is a riot.Roper 's Niece - Jack and the girls have planned a little party for Janet 's birthday . Roper 's niece is in town and needs a night out to be away from the elder Ropers . Stanley Roper thinks Jack is a safe date , but Jack is disinterested . He quickly changes plans and goes out her upon seeing her . The ending especially is very heart warming.No Children , No Pets - Larry Dallas is introduced and offers a cute puppy to the kids . The only problem is the `` No Pets , No Children '' policy the Ropers strictly enforce . The first of many `` miscommunications '' occurs Janet thinks the worst , eaves dropping on Jack and Chrissy.Jack the Giant Killer - A bully hits on the girls at the Regal Beagle right in front of Jack . Jack is embarrassed as he does not stand up for himself . A very funny episode many guys can relate to.It 's Only Money - The rent money is missing and the kids assume they have been robbed . In their frenzy , they avoid the Ropers at any cost as they look for time and money.Six episodes that lay the foundation to one of the great sitcoms of TV History in one DVD ! Laugh , cry , and laugh louder !
 I remember watching Three 's Company on TV , and I 'm so glad it 's available on DVD now ... I have all the seasons ! Seaons One introduces the group , and the laughs do n't stop ! I laughed out loud at every episode in this season ! I absolutely love Three 's Company ! It 's just so funny and entertaining ! John Ritter -LRB- Jack -RRB- is classic ... one of the best comedians ! And the interactions with Joyce -LRB- Janet -RRB- and Suzanne -LRB- Chrissy -RRB- always makes me laugh out loud . For a good laugh , and overall great entertainment , Three 's Company is tops ! Enjoy !
 I love Three 's Company , always have , always will ! The first season is one of my favorite seasons and I love all the episodes but especially the episodes where Chrissie and Janet first meet Jack and the episode where Chrissie 's conservative mother comes for a visit and she worries that her mother will be upset that one of her roommates is a man and that her mother will get the wrong idea about the living conditions . This season may be short with only having 6 episodes but it 's still worth buying because the episodes are funny and Amazon is offering it at a great low price !
 Three 's Company first hit the airwaves almost 26 years ago , and it presented its North American viewers with a comedic styling that was truly fresh and new . Both the brilliance and the downside of the series lay in the simplicity of its plots . Usually , the fun and mayhem of the episodes would result from some sort of mixup or misunderstanding would occur which caused a friction , obstacle or problem that the characters would have to overcome . Ultimately , the misunderstanding would always be resolved , leaving the beloved cast of characters pretty much as we found them . But as with all great comedies , the show 's strength and uniqueness really did lie in the mix of the show 's central characters and the actors that portrayed them . The original casting of John Ritter , Joyce DeWitt and Suzzane Somers as Jack , Janet & Chrissy - the three roommates of apartment 201 - is perfect right from the start . Add to this mix Norman Fell and Audra Lindley as the romantically frustrated landlords Mr. & Mrs. Roper , and you 're set for one wild ride of a show . What truly is unique about the series is the fact that the show really was an ensemble piece - and when you revisit this series , you really do find that no one actor rose above the rest . All of the actors involved in the show shared a particular gift for comedy , especially the late John Ritter , whose timing , pratfalls and physical comedy truly were second to none . All-in-all , it adds up to a great series that really has the power to make you laugh . The show did n't start off so smoothly however , as the casting of the female leads took awhile . In fact , three pilots were shot , all involving different actresses , but all involving John Ritter as Jack Tripper . As such , the first season of the series , which is only six episodes long , did n't premiere until March of 1977 . And now the entire first season of this series came out on DVD and in spite of a lack of extras , Three 's Company is worth adding to any DVD collection .
 I am a big fan of the classic `` Three 's Company '' series . Therefore , I would be hard pressed to say anything negative about the show . However , this DVD is a teaser to die-hard fans by getting you started on an affordable collection , yet limiting your viewing experience . With only six -LRB- 6 -RRB- episodes , you find yourself quickly disappointed with the amount of content . Apparently the next DVD -LRB- Season 2 -RRB- , due out in May , 2004 , is more realistic in the amount of content and what a fan can more likely expect to pay for a full season 's worth of episodes . Thumbs up to the actual content ; thumbs down on the amount of content .
 I 'm glad Three 's Company was put on DVD . It was a good show back in its days and it is still a good show . I ca n't wait to buy the Second Season when it comes out in the spring of 2004 . If you have never seen any of the shows , I suggest you start watching and own this DVD . You wo n't stop laughing .
 I loved Three 's Company since I was a child , John Ritter is hilarious . I was upset when the Ropers left the show at the end of the third season , it was a lost ! Norman Fell is so funny ... I was devistated when I heard about John Ritter 's death , he wo n't be forgotten ... We will miss you , John . Ca n't wait for the second season . Buy it and you wo n't regret it . It makes you laugh so much ...
 Three 's Company is the first and last sitcom to effectively blend physical comendy with effective one liners . Many of the popular sitcoms today such as Friends and Will and Grace have the satisfying one liners , but are opaque in the area of physical comedy . John Ritter 's falling over the couch , tip toeing not to be seen , and tripping over things elevate this sitcom from great to amazing.In 1977 , the kind of double entendre humor spoken all through the series invoked snarls on conservative TV viewers . Yet , it was that same humor that made it numder one on the Nielson Ratings . It 's King-like status on TV because of the sexually racy humor attracted viewers because of it 's innocence about sex . The humor was n't for shock value . The lines about promiscuity were delivered by the cast as innocently as we heard it over the tube . That child-like and non `` in your face '' approach made Three 's Company heartwarming as well as extremly funny.The series had few cameras working with the cast so the episodes have a unparelled equality to a one act on stage . Therefore , it is easy to see the cast playing off each other for emotional support as well as professionally . It is hard to watch an episode of this gem and not laugh out loud , And it will be extremely difficult not to well an eye for the late `` Man About the House '' who paved the way for the phyisical comedians today . This series will never be equalled .
 Hello , I am the webmaster of the Jack 's Bistro website . I received an advanced copy of this wonderful DVD last week , and here is my review of it : I have had the pleasure to watch the DVD already for review . It is excellent and the quality of the episodes amazes me . Fans have been complaining for years about the edits the reruns have on TV , now the complaining will stop ! As each episode will be unedited . Season 1 had only six episodes , and run about 24-25 minutes per episode . Only one episode has a tag scene in season one -LRB- `` Roper 's Niece '' -RRB- , but when season two comes out , that will be a different story . In this DVD , we have of course , the six episodes , along with an `` In Memory of John '' feature , and a sneak peek at `` Season Two . '' The `` In Memory of John '' feature also has a nice clip from the charity John was so involved with , UCP . Portions of the money from the sales will go to that charity . So it will be for a good cause . All fans should DEFINITELY buy season one in tribute to John and also , so we can eventually get all eight seasons on DVD -LRB- yes , that means unedited ! -RRB- . Hopefully the DVD 's sell out fast and they realize that they made the right decision on making seasonal DVD 's for Three 's Company . Chris Mann was involved in this project as well , so for sure all fans will be pleased , as his judgment is the best . Though , this DVD was supposed to come put in early 2004 , I was still impressed on how well it was made . The title shot and menu screen is amazing -- everyone will love it . All the episodes have a synopsis before you watch an episode . All the extras that were planned for this season , will be inserted in the season two DVD , which will now come out it in early 2004 -LRB- Spring or so -RRB- . Also a more in depth tribute to John Ritter will be in that DVD . Each season will get better and better . If you have not ordered yet , it 's not too late . You can click on one of the links above and buy a copy -LRB- or two ! -RRB- . So , please everyone buy it , so we can get all eight seasons released.Thanks , http://jacksbistro.freeservers.com/
 The season one `` Three 's Company '' DVD is something very special . It is a DVD that has the first six -LRB- 6 -RRB- episodes of a series that tickled my funny bone as early as the age of 5 . I was especially proud to purchase this DVD today since the proceeds from it not only went towards a cause close to John Ritter 's heart -LRB- a man whose work I 've admired for many years -RRB- , but one close to mine as well because John 's brother Tom and I share that common ground . `` Three 's Company '' stars John Ritter as Jack Tripper ; Joyce DeWitt as Janet Wood ; Suzanne Somers as Chrissy Snow ; Norman Fell as the `` uninterested '' landlord , Mr. Stanley Roper and Audra Lindley as Mrs. Helen Roper , his `` sex-starved '' wife.First , I 'd like to review the episodes . The pilot , `` A Man About The House , '' was a good episode -LRB- surprisingly not my favorite of this season -RRB- , although , I liked it because it introduced not only the beginning of the series but a relationship with my favorite trio , Jack , Janet and Chrissy . There is also a scene in this episode , at the beginning , which had never been aired in the series ' syndicated runs.The second episode , `` And Mother Makes Four , '' was OK . I liked John Ritter 's physical comedy in this episode , although , I do not want to give the plot away.The third episode , `` Roper 's Niece , '' is my favorite episode this season , because of a `` touching '' ending , between Jack and Janet . The scene I 'm referring to brought a tear to my eye . I do n't want to give it away . Watch it , and you 'll know why.The fourth episode , '' `` No Children , No Dogs , '' was all right . It introduced Richard Kline as Jack 's best friend Larry for the first time . I thought that was cool.The fifth episode , `` Jack and The Giant Killer , '' was good , and the sixth , and last , episode of the season , `` It 's Only Money , '' was OK.The best episode was `` Roper 's Niece , '' but these six episodes are a great start to a wonderful sitcom . One of the DVD features had a paragraph written about the season two DVD -LRB- due out in early spring , 2004 -RRB- , and the John Ritter tribute at the end was a written paragraph about how he and his brother helped raise money for United Cerebral Palsy with a UCP commercial narrated by actor , John Mahoney -LRB- `` Frasier 's '' Martin Crane -RRB- . You 'll love it . It 's definitely a great taste of a wonderful series to come .
 Three 's Company is a jewel in the rough , who knew that this 70 's sitcom can beat out most of what 's on TV today . It not only makes you laugh but the intelligent wit , sarcasm and charm threw into each episode gives it a kick , some jokes and one liners are so good that I ca n't believe I it took me so long to finally watch this . Of course I did n't discover it myself , my boyfriend made me watch it - I saw the entire 1st season in one sitting , and that 's coming from a girl who does n't like to watch TV ! I could n't get enough and simply had to see the whole thing.The premise sounds simple enough ; two female roommates , Janet and Chrissy who have a third roommate , Jack - pretending that he 's gay in order not to get evicted by the landlords Mr and Mrs. Roper . They are trying to balance their new friendship and the snooping landlords , visiting parents and not get caught while going through challenges of life and work in a funny , lighthearted manner . The stress in this show is comedic , not draining to the viewer.I think there 's something cozy and cute about 70 's d&eacute;cor and even the semi hideous clothing that I find fascinating . My favorite character is the landlady , her sarcasm is priceless and her smug remarks jabbing at her husband and lack of passion in the bedroom are sharp but unquestionably hilarious . Her eye rolling and faces are priceless too , her character ads a level of delightful mischief to the show . The first season is just six episodes but I all ready have the rest and ca n't wait to sink into it . The real fun part is that each episode has a theme and things always go crazy and get out of hand for the roommates . Not getting caught or figuring out the problem is always a fun resolution at the end of each show.Fun and easy to watch , perfect for the weekend when you can sit down , grab a snack and try not to fall of the couch from laughing . - Kasia S.
 Readers , when you purchase this dvd , put on the pilot episode -LRB- entitled `` Man About The House '' -RRB- , and fast - foward to the scene were Chrissy Snow -LRB- Suzanne Somers -RRB- finds Jack Tripper -LRB- John Ritter -RRB- asleep in the bathtub , drenched in water . It is not only one of the funniest moments in tv history , but the scene that shows what a genius Ritter really was.The release of `` Three 's Company '' on dvd is a bittersweet event for the show 's fan . While it 's great to have this piece of television history to watch anytime you 'd like , it 's also sad because comes just months after John Ritter 's shocking and untimely death . But as a tribute to his life and career , it 's great to have.And I 'm not saying that Ritter was the only actor who made the people laugh . Somers and Joyce DeWitt -LRB- Janet Wood -RRB- set up most of the gags that happened on the show , and sometimes outdid Ritter . And who can forget the late Norman Fell and Audra Lindley as Mr. Roper and his sex - hungry wife Helen . Their one - liners against each other were every bit as funny as Ritter getting smashed by a door or Somers delivering one of her stupid comments . Making an early appearance is Larry , played flawlessly by the highly underrated Richard Kline . He appears briefly in `` No Children , No Dogs '' . As for the episodes , the pilot is an absolute classic . `` No Children , No Dogs '' and `` It 's Only Money '' are excellent as well -LRB- the former features some of the best insluts between Helen and Stanley -RRB- . As for the other three , they are good too , but not worth mentioning.My only gripe about this dvd is that there are no extras . No advertisements or a making - of documentary . I do not know if Anchor Bay meant to do this right from the start or they did out of respect for John Ritter . But it does n't matter , since the complete second season is coming out on dvd in March and is supposed to be loaded with extra . Until then , this will keep you satisfid for a long time and you 'll remember that three 's company , too .
 About time already ! This is a fun little DVD at an affordable price , and it 's an added bonus knowing a share of the proceeds go towards John Ritter 's favorite charity . That 's typical of the man himself
 As a child of immigrants growing up in the US , life was always difficult . However , coming home to watch `` Three 's Company '' always managed to put a smile on our faces . John 's constant humor , his eneregy , his jokes always made us laugh . John 's passing came suddenly . The release of this DVD -LRB- and many more to come I hope -RRB- is definetly a tribute to one of the funniest and hard working comedians of our time . Rest in Peace John . Thanks for all the laughs ! Your passing is truly , as DeWitt said , `` a great loss to the joy in the world . ''
 These episodes of Three 's Company are rather rare because most of us have missed the beginning of the series and how Jack got into the house.All the actors are hilarious especially the landlord and his wife who complete successfully the Three main caracters.You will definetely laugh ! The episodes are quickly viewed , the dialogues are smart and the quality of the DVD is very good . I think this DVD is a good choice . I look forward to the Season Two episodes .
 Ever since I discovered that this was being released on dvd , I have been bursting out with retarded noises of delightful joy ! I am very excited about the release of my very favorite televisionsitcom , Threes Company , because of the many laughs I get from watching it mostly . You will not regret buying it , and that is a guaranteed guarantee !
 JACK 'S BACK!This is an irresistible confection that succeeds because of the stellar charm of it 's entire cast . So move in with Chrissy , Janet and Jack , for a fun and repeatable commercial free viewing experince . John Ritter 's charismatic brand of physical humor is brilliant . He is greatly missed .
 Hey everyone i have Three 's Company Season 1 & 2 on DVD . It 's so funny . Its also cool that the Season 2 DVD has a trivia game . i absolutely love Three 's Company . It used to be on Nick at Nite . I do n't know what happened to it . Well thats all . I hope I was helpful with you getting this dvd !
 I really ca n't add much that the prior reviewers have mentioned . I remember watching these shows when they first came on . I was 10 . I 'm almost 40 , and they are still a blast ... . Timeless and ageless . I enjoyed all the seasons , but as in most TV series , the first few years are the best . Someone watching these shows for the first time as `` re-runs '' ... . May think shows like this were the norm in the 1970 's , but it was quite groundbreaking . However , the bottom line is ... . still great comedy after all these years !!!!
 This is a great set of DVDs ! To me the first season of Three 's Company was the best . The funniest . With the original cast , it 's priceless . I will watch it over and over and over -- and still end up with sore sides from the giggles . I 'd recommend this set to anyone who loves Three 's Company .
 I have very fond memories of this wonderful DVD set . I really appreciate that the producers put on the DVD season extras , and left the shows 100 % complete . No commercial interruptions is such a nice treat . I remember they used to show oodles of commercials between the segments , and cut them up , in syndication.Love it!MC White said
 I love this show !!! Ritter was a comedic genius as far as I am concerned . Everyone of the episodes on this disc is a real hoot for anyone that grew up watching reruns of the show . Give it a whirl and you wo n't be sorry . R.I.P John Ritter ... We 'll miss you .
 The quality is actually very very sharp . Too sharp for some reason . Seemed different from TV . So maybe they used the actual film footage from the original camera to make this DVD.Everything seemed 3D for some reason . It was as if you were there . So that 's good and bad.Other than that , it was very nicely done.The only bad thing is , Season 1 only has 6 episodes ??? Wow , there are 174 episodes of Three 's Company I think , so what does that mean ? There will be 174/6 DVDs ????
 I am really excited about a three 's company dvd collection . this is by far the best show ever -LRB- besides the Wonder Years -RRB- . Let 's hurry it up with season 2 and 3 and 4 and , let 's just release all seasons at once . Sounds like a plan . R.I.P Mr. Ritter . You Are The MAN !!!!!
 Three 's Company will always be the best comedy show that was on TV . When I heard that John Ritter had passed I did shed tears for the man because he was the best and will always be the best comedian out there . I have been waiting for the show to come out on DVD for a very long time . When I was a kid I would beg my mom to stay up so that I could watch the show . John Ritter will be deeply missed by all his fans . Rest In Peace John , we all miss you !
 I watch reruns of Three 's Company and I never get sick of watching Mr.John Ritter . He was the most funniest people who walked the face of the earth . When i heard he died I just broke down in tears . RIP Mr. John Ritter , we will never forget you .
 I have been waiting for this to come out on DVD since DVDS came out . This is my favorite show . You must buy this TV show this is the best ever . I have been watching this show since i was little . I just love John Ritter shows and movies he is so funny . I 'm going to miss him . Rest in peace John .
 Yes , Norman Fell was a hilarious actor who will be missed . But John Ritter 's antics and humor is what made the show the gem that it is . Without him , that show would n't have lasted a season . There could have been no else to perform with the silly sweetness that John had . He was hilarious but at the same time , heartfelt and honest . I love Norman , I agree with you that he was very funny but give John the respect that he deserves . Without John , there would not have been a Three 's Company .
 I grew up watching this show , I was 11 years old with several months to go before I turned 12 when Three 's Company came on TV and I thought it was a cute show . Yes it was silly but sometimes I think we need a good dose of silly especially on a really stressful day and John Ritter really knew how to make people laugh , he was very funny and so cute and he will be loved and missed by all his fans ! The only complaint I have with this DVD is the sound is kind of low and I have to put the volume on the TV pretty high and then make sure I put it back down before I turn the DVD off as not to blast the eardrums of the next person who turns the television on but I 'm pleased with everything else . The DVD is actually pretty cheap in price and is worth buying and the fact that they are donating money to a charity for Cerebral Palsy which John 's brother has was one of the reasons I decided to buy the DVD , the other being that I wanted to have the very first episode on DVD , the one where the morning after Janet and Chrissy had the going away party for their old roomate Eleanor and they find Jack asleep in their bathtub . FYI
 This series was one of the funniest shows I ever had a chance to watch . I have waited to see this day when we could enjoy them on dvd . They need to produce the entire seven years worth .
 I do not presently own this DVD but plan on buying it in the future . I have seen all the episodes on TV . John Ritter was the star of this show and he is the one I tuned in to see , other than the late Norman Fell ! I never get tired of seeing John Ritter in action on this show ! I still even stay up late at night to see the show on cable . I am sure no one will be disappointed in buying this great DVD ! RIP John Ritter , I miss you and think of you each day !
 Wow , its about time . This is one of the best comedies ever made . It 's sincere and fun . While a tad naughty at times , it NEVER disgusts or embarrasses parents in front of their kids . Todays comedies should learn from such a well made show . This collection will entertain for decades to come . I hope all the episodes are made available soon .
 I 'm so glad this show is finally coming out on dvd . I 've been waiting for it ever since MASH came out on dvd . Mash and Three 's Company have always been my all time favorite shows and i 'm only 20 years old . You ca n't get much better in John Ritter 's physical comedy in Three 's Company . He 's probably the greatest actor/comedian to ever walk the face of this earth . And to hear of his passing tore a whole in my heart . I never got to meet the guy , but his tv performances helped me to generate a many a laught and I ca n't wait till i can get my hands on this dvd . It 's a safe bet i 'm gon na wear this dvd set out quickly as i did MASH . RIP Mr. John Ritter , but your awesome legacy will live on in my dvd player for years to come .
 im so glad that threes company is now on dvd i love the show and i hope there are more to come on dvd i was so upset about john ritters passing there is no one else like him now i can watch one of my favorite shows all the time
 I never watched this show when it was on the air . I am 31 and watched episodes in earnest when I was pregnant with my first child 2 years ago . Oddly enough I watched it on VH1 in the middle of the night , thanks to pregnancy induced insomnia . I loved the show . John Ritter was a comedy genius . Such a physical actor , like Lucille Ball , he had great timing , wonderful facial expressions and he owned every scene he was in . The girls and landlords are good too , Jack and Janet played so well off each other . Thoroughly enjoyed this show !
 I never realize that season 1 only had 6 episodes . I guess they were still testing the waters at that time . I 'm glad they did because I laughed so hard and just ordered the next season to continue the laughs . Worth the few dollars to add this to my collection . I plan to order the rest , one season at a time .
 Yes , you can catch this program running in syndication frequently on many different channels , so why buy it ? Well , I started thinking about a time in the future where it may cease to be aired and I feel this is a show that will continue to make me laugh way into my golden years :-RRB- . Yes , the situations they get into at times is over the top , but I know that I like watching television to &#34; escape &#34; my life and this is great entertainment . All of the actors do a great job , but John Ritter was a genius in his acting and comedic timing .
 Watching Three 's Company again after all these years , I did laugh a lot , and not only because of some nostalgic feeling that overwhelmed me , having grown up expecting every single episode , every single week with a sort of enthusiasm that comes with the anticipation that something good is about to happen ; But I also enjoyed watching the show again because simply it is one of the best sitcoms ever produced for television in any language.Yet I could not help feeling a tinge of sadness , reliving all these funny and wonderful episodes , at the early and untimely death of its star John Ritter.The success of Three 's Company was certainly due to the excellent writing , that combined successfully the situation comedy with the physical/slapstick genre , one that unfortunately is nowadays either overlooked by the new breed of comedy writers or not well written/delivered , in addition to a very 70s touch of sexual innuendos and harmless cliches about ` bimbos ' and ` gays ' that were good natured and never sexist or discriminatory.All the actors contributed their best comic talents and timing to the show , from the cute and smart Joyce de Witt , the naive , sexy and sweet Suzanne Sommers , the Roppers , Norman Fell and Audra Lindley , to the later actors who replaced some characters , like the genuis of a comedian that is Don Knotts who became the new landlord post ' 79 , to Sommers replacements , Priscilla Barnes and Jenilee Harrison.But as much as the show made these actors household names , its success was equally due to Ritter.The sweet , clumsy , and charming qualities he brought to Jack , endeared him with millions of viewers and ensured that the show ran from its first season in 1977 , all the episodes from which are included in this DVD , to its last season in 1984 , amazing continuity
 This is one of those `` it 's about time '' DVD releases . The first season of `` Three 's Company '' was a short one , given only six episodes . But it was wonderful to see them in their original colorful , vibrant presentations . The show stands the test of time and this is a must-own DVD for any classic TV fan.The only fault , naturally , is the lack of features and the small number of episodes . It might have worked better if they had combined this with season two and released a loaded collection next year . As it stands , season two will be released next year and I fully expect a five-star collection .
 FINALLY ! No more need to keep knocking on the door -- It 's here in all it 's 70s glory ! The first season of Three 's Company has arrived and I 'm here to tell you about it.Well , it is only six episodes -- but all on one disc . Reason being is that Three 's Company was a mid-season replacement so there 's only six to begin with.Not much on the extras , but a nice bonus . From the menu , you get to pick which one you want to watch and when you select it , it has a quick written overview of each episode . Unusual and nice for a DVD TV series . Bad part is , once you watch an episode , you ca n't hit the forward button to pass up the credits or go to the next scene -- it automatically ends the episode taking you back to the main menu.Otherwise , you 'll be happy to know that a percentage of the cost of the first season DVD will go to John Ritter 's favorite charity for cerebral palsy -LRB- something his older brother suffered from -RRB- and that the next season will have more of a tribute to John . So , whereas the contents are fairly minimal , the price is definitely worth it and more will come in the next disc.No more waiting for you `` Door Knockers '' out there -- Three 's Company is here to stay .
 I am so happy to see this DVD . I only hope the other seasons will become availabe as well . The greatest sitcom in tv history as far as I 'm concerned . `` Jack '' is adored by my 8-year old little girl -LRB- and myself -RRB- . Rest in peace , John and thank you for bringing laughter and joy to my home .
 This was a classic show ... and let me tell you , it easily holds up against today 's sitcoms . I laughed so many times during each epsiode ... usually because of John Ritter 's style of comedy , but really , every actor in this show has their moments . And when you hear the audience laughing , that 's no laugh track , that 's a REAL audience which really adds to the quality of the show.Watching the show mostly when I was younger , I had no idea , until now , how good the writing was on this show ... it 's actually very intricately written and pushes the level of comedy to the max ! A really amazing show!And if you are worried that the first season of Three 's Company may not be as good as the later seasons , have no fears , the first season is hilarious!The DVD has a short synopsis of each episode , no other features . The image quality is excellent .
 Simply one of the best sitcoms ever aired !! Period!I am gald to see it on DVD and let us hope the rest of the seasons are released . Long live Three 's Company.John Ritter R.I.P You will be missed
 Alot of people have complained that this could not possibly be the entire first season of the show but it is ... . Even if the show had such a short first season it was still a really good deal . It arrived right when it was supposed to and it 's a pretty good aswell !
 This DVD contains the first 6 tv shows of `` Three 's Company '' . I love this tv show so much , I do n't know where to start on the praise and compliments . I do not even like tv or movies . For someone like myself to give such a positive review of a tv show really speaks volumns . There are only 2 tv shows that I really love so much that I could watch them all day
 I was a great fan of the series when it was first aired and still love watching the episodes again and again .
 I 've watched all the episodes a dozen times and I never get tired of watching these three . This show is definitely the best . I forget my worries and relieves me of the stress that everyone go through in their daily lives .
 Here is one of John Ritter 's funniest shows from the 70 's . This show featured a lot of diffent faces thru the years but was always funny.Jack Tripper was always getting into difficult situations and was very clumsey.One of my favorite episodes is when he dressed as a Grandma to enter a cookie contest to win some money.Than the Judge tried to kiss him and he coughed and got out of it.Also Jack had to pretend he was gay so he could live with two girls.The Roper 's and Furly were pretty funny to.Here is the episodes from season 1 . Note this was a short season and only contained six episodes .1 -RRB- A Man About The House-This was the pilot that started it all .2 -RRB- And Mother Makes Four3 -RRB- Roper 's Niece4 -RRB- No Children No Pets5 -RRB- Jack The Giant Killer6 -RRB- It 's Only MoneyThere will be no extras on this disc however season 2 early next year will have plenty of them according to Anchor Bay.Originally season 1 was n't suppose to come out till early 2004 and Ritter was going to do a commentary but it got moved up to November.What a great way to honer John Ritter by getting this set and all future three 's company seasons sets.Now if only Seinfield would hurry and come out.I also recommend the following tv dvds coming out.Sanford And Son Season 3 Oct 7Incredible Hulk Ultimate Tv Colection Oct 21Little House On The Prairie Season 3 Nov 4Honeymooners The Complete 39 Episodes Nov 11
 The 1970s ' marked the rise of the sitcom . There were early signs of this in the 1960s ' with shows like `` The Nelsons '' and `` The Donna Reed Show '' . Shows like `` All In The Family '' were among the first hit sitcoms , But the sitcoom boom did n't really take off untila round 1974 , when `` Happy Days '' and `` Good Times '' hit the air . These shows opened the door for a long line of sitcom hits - `` The Jeffersons '' , `` The Facts Of Life '' , `` Barney Miller '' and many others to name a few . Thrown into this barrage of sitcoms was `` Three 's Company '' . It turned out to be tv gold , garnering huge ratings and making star out of Joyce DeWitt , Suzanne Somers and , of course , the late John Ritter . `` Three 's Company '' was first aired in 1977 . Shows like the ones I just mentioned were in their peak period . But `` Three 's Company '' was different from most . Its plotline was more risque : a man living in an apartment pretending to be gay in order to live with 3 lovely women , much to the dismay of the sexually problmeatic landlords , The Ropers -LRB- Norman Fell and Audra Lindley -RRB- . But the show worked . For starters , the acting was great . The three stars had a full understanding of their charcters ' characteristics . Plus , the show as well - written with many great oneliners.The release of this dvd was bittersweet , coming out about 11 weeks after the shocking and untimely death of John Ritter from heart failure . And anyon who thinks this was a way to cash in on Ritter 's death is wrong because his dvd was scheduled for release long before his passing.The episodes here are hilarious . The first episode is the pilot , `` Man About The House '' . This one gives a very good introduction to the characters ; Chrissy , the sexy and stupid blonde who attracts all different kinds of men , Janet the plain but pretty girl who would kill to get a good man , and of course Jack , the bumbling skirtchaser who pretends he 's gay to live with the two girl . Actually , at first he just wants to make it with Chrissy , but as the series goes on he grows to love Janet just as much.The other episodes are all good except for the one entitled `` Roper 's Niece '' . I just did n't like this one . But my favorites were `` No Children , No Dogs '' -LRB- featuring the first appearance of richard Kline 's Larry -RRB- and `` It 's Only Money '' . Overall , a great dvd . With season 2 just released , I c n't wait for seasons and 4 . However , seasons 5 - 8 I can wait for . During these years , Suzanne Somers was fired from the show and replaced with the flacid Terry played Priscilla Barnes . Jack started to become less attracted to the girls in the aprtment and focused more on his job . Pity it had to end that way . If they had kept Chrissy til the end , it could 've lasted longer .
 This is the season that started it all . Originally a mid-season replacement , Three 's Company became such a bona fide -LRB- and can you believe ? -RRB- controversial show that ABC ordered up a full second season . The premise of the show is simple
 I have almost every episode on VHS videotape and they are now falling apart . Whenever I am in a `` blah '' mood and need a `` pick-me-up '' ... bam I pop in an old tape . I had recorded them all on VHS at LP mode to fit six hours of shows per tape ... man am I glad to see them coming on DVD and I already pre-ordered season one . I live in Los Angeles area and I actually went to at least 30 tapings of the show over the span of it 's TV production run . Ca n't wait to see the DVD version ... -LRB- I only hope they kept the bloopers/outtakes and interviews , etc. and they make it to the DVD 's as ` special bonus features '' . -RRB- They goofed up sometimes and the studio audience always loved it!John Ritter 's humor and schtick filtered it 's way into my style of bartending when I worked for TGI Friday 's in the 80 's . It helped my tip income for sure . I hope they put out `` Hooperman '' on DVD and only wish Hooperman could have been given a better chance than the one season run it had . BUY this DVD if you love humor that is timeless at times it seems John borrowed from the great ones like the Stooges , Abbott and Costello and the young Jerry Lewis and put his own touch on it ... The ladies on the show gave John the perfect platform to do his thing ! Joyce , we wish you would work more , we love you too!To the Producers
 Yeah , great start to the series.Pity there is only 6 episodes in the 1st season.Already watched it loads of times.John Ritters humor as usual stands out.No extras on this dvd.But all the episodes are good.Here are the episodes .01 . A Man about the house02 . And Mother makes four03 . Roper 's niece04 . No children , no dogs05 . Jack the giant killer06 . It 's only moneyBuy it!So we can get all the seasons released.This show rulz .
 I am sooooooooooo happy that this show is making its way to DVD . With so many other shows getting to DVD , its nice to see a true classic in stock . Plus , with season one being on DVD , I wo n't have to try to record the episodes on Nick at Nite every night -LRB- although I just might -RRB- .
 THESE SIX EPISODES ARE SOME OF MY FAVORITE EPISODES . THEY ARE SO FUNNY . i LIKE THE CHRISSY EPISODES MORE THAN THE ONES WITH CINDY AND TERRI . THE ONES WITH CINDY WERE ALRIGHT , BUT TERRI DID N'T MAKE ME LAUGH . THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ALL THREE 'S COMPANY FANS !
 I have n't watched THREE 's COMPANY in 7 years . I own every single episode of the series on VHS but I decided to purchase this DVD because I read the good reviews concerning the quality . Indeed the quality is great but the smart ear will hear some audio changes on the episode `` Roper 's niece '' . All of a sudden the sound becomes slighly inconsistent with the rest of the episode for about a minute going back and forth ; you will hear certain sentences on the right side of your TV speakers and then switching to the left ; you must really have very sharp ears to notice this change . Overall great transfer and great investment .
 In my oppinion this is the funniest show ever !!! I love this how . It 's so warm hearted and funny . John was , in my opinion , the heart and soul of the show . -LRB- R.I.P. John Ritter -RRB- This DVD contains the first season , and it 's definately worth the purchase price . This is a must buy for those of us who remember or just discovered the show .
 I grew up with Jack , Janet , Chrissy , etc. . I watched all 6 episodes straight through one night and laughed my butt off with each episode . The only complaint I have is that there are only 6 episodes and I was left wanting more . I ca n't wait for season 2 !!
 Back in the day that Three 's Company was a brand new show , it was the topic of conversation the next day at work ! It seemed so innocently `` racy '' back then , and to young working people , it seemed like our own lives reflected through a fun-house mirror ! We had our own version of `` The Regal Beagle , '' and the show was one of the few things on TV that we could really relate to.It 's great to see this on DVD , and if you have never seen it before -- a grand discovery awaits you !
 Having watched the first three seasons , as well as the first two pilots , a few notes
 Anchor Bay is doing us a solid in making the short season one -LRB- it was a spring replacent show in 1977 -RRB- into a quick and inexpensive single disc release out well before the end of 2003 . I had a chance to catch part of the recent `` Three 's Company '' marathon in which 2 of the 6 episodes from this season were aired -- `` Pilot '' and `` Roper 's Niece '' -- both of which had my sides splitting . The pilot episode could not have been executed any better and it appears as if this was one of only a handful of TV series in the annals of history that began a long run already in full stride . And in six episodes nonetheless!I highly recommend this and future season releases , beginning in 2004 -- which will contain bonus materials ! John Ritter may be gone , but thanks to his large body of work and my DVD player , I wo n't be forgetting him . -LRB- For those thinking Anchor Bay is simply out to make a buck off the passing of TV legend John Ritter , take notice
 One of the best shows in the world ! It took them long enough to realize that this show should be on DVD ! And now finally it is here . I ca n't wait to get it . I wonder if they 're going to print enough copies to go around , though ... John , this is all for you , buddy !
 The first season of Three 's Company . One of the funniest sitcoms around . The story of two girls , who need a roommate . After throwing a party -LRB- in the first episode -RRB- Janet and Chrissy find a man sleeping in their bathtub ... eventually , they become roommates.A lot of storylines on the show revolved around misconceptions , and misunderstandings . The on-going joke that the landlord thinks that Jack is gay . In the first three seasons , the landlords are an older couple named The Ropers . And their on-going joke about him not wanting to sleep with her . Kind of like Al Bundy , on Married ... with Children.Guaranteed many laughs . Rest in peace John Ritter .
 Finally , this show has came to DVD . I 'm looking forward to this DVD and I hope they come out with the other seasons rather quickly . This show is defintely one of my favs . Never could understand why they want to put these new shows on DVD after still never went off the air as of yet . Glad somebody is finally waking up , hope they get the same idea and put WKRP in Cincinnati on DVD . Where have these great sit-coms gone ? This dvd will give a great tribute to John Ritter .
 Even though there are only 6 episodes in season one , I believe they are 6 terrific ones ! I guess there is so few because they wanted to make sure the show was well liked and a hit before they shot to many episodes . I love how the cast hit it off from the start . They were so wonderful together . . I remember the show as a kid and , now I am gon na do some catching up by purchasing all the seasons on dvd . `` Three 's Company '' is one of a kind ! It will be cherished and remembered forever.It is a horrible shame that Mr. John Ritter passed at such a young age . He was such a comedic talent and more . .
 I know there are people who do n't like Three 's Company and think it 's too silly but I think they just did n't give it a chance . My older sister who is nine years older than me does n't like it and thinks it 's too silly but she is very picky anyway and is more into drama shows . I love this show which in my opinion is a classic ! Joyce Dewitt and Suzanne Somers were very good as Janet Wood and Chrissy Snow and so were Norman Fell and Audra Lindley as landlords Stanley and Helen Roper but my favorite of all was John Ritter as Jack Tripper , he was so cute and funny and he will be greatly missed ! Jack 's friend Larry played by Richard Kline only appears in one episode in the first season but thankfully becomes a regular for the rest of the seasons . The DVD only has 6 episodes because the first season was a mid season replacement . All of the 6 episode are very funny , I do n't have one favorite but I like them all the same . The price of the DVD is very reasonable and proceeds are being donated to UCP -LRB- United Cerebral Palsy -RRB- in memory of John who 's brother has CP . A very worthy cause ! I very highly recommend this DVD and I 'm looking forward to getting the second season and all the rest of the seasons . John Ritter will be missed but never forgotten ! BTW
 I was THRILLED to find this at Wal-Mart for $ 5.50 . I LOVED this show growing up and now owning it and watching it again just makes me smile and brings back those memories . What a great show . We we always think of John Ritter fondly and miss him greatly .
 This DVD is something that has special meaning to many John Ritter fans . Only recently , he passed away ; this was extremely tragic for me because he was a great man of character and comedy.There are 6 episodes on this DVD and all of them have countless laughs . Three 's Company is one of those shows that you do n't get bored watching over time after time . Also on the DVD is a special tribute page paying tribute to John Ritter because of his death.If you are a fan of John Ritter or if you are a fan of Three 's Company , this is a DVD that is highly recommended by many people . I believe that it can be enjoyed by people of almost all ages .
 I have been watching this show since I was 5 years old , it is one of my favorites . I am glad they are finally releasing it on dvd . It is very sad to me still that John Ritter passed away , I still cry everytime I see him on tv . -LRB- i will miss him very much -RRB- . This is one of the funniest shows ever made , and I will buy every season of this on dvd , I just hope they release more than 1 season every year . rip John .
 Kinda sad it is only 6 seasons . But they were just starting out . I bought the second season and ca n't wait for it to arrive .
 Who can resist Jack , Chrissy , and Janet ???? It 's the story of 3 young people living together in the 70 's / 80 's and all the ` quagmires ' they get into . Very funny and lots of silly sexual comments ... Classic -LRB- for me , anyway -RRB-
 3s company has viewers young and old because its the funniest show alltime the great good hearted but cowardly jack tripper the italian snake larry grumpy mr roper and his kinky old wife practical janet and ditsy crissy will be remembered forever for all the laughter and happiness they brought and they never had to cuss because they are actually funny john ritter was the original master of phsyical comedy in this dvd collection you get the first episode were they find jack passed out drunk in the bath tub and ask him to move in with them and to stay there they had to tell mr roper jacks gay it also has the episode were mr roper wants jack to takeout his hot neice -LRB- afterall jacks gay my neice will be safe with him -RRB- it has 6 hilarious episodes from the first season i laughed for over 2 hours watching them but its hard to believe john ritters gone he was such a cool funny guy buy this dvd set and the other 2 seasons nearly every episode makes u laugh no new sitcoms do that for me
 Easily the greatest TV sitcom ever made . I am ready with credit card in hand for the rest of the seasons to be released . John Ritter is truly the Elvis of TV Sitcoms
 John was the best.Never could get enough of his physical humor to funny remarks.I think its great these are coming to dvd.And the come back this man made was thrilling.I remember watching him on Buffy.Is the show really over now that you are gone ? `` Beg to differ little lady '' . As John said in the episode Ted of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.And he never forgets who he works with.Just not too long ago he announced at an award show the winner for actress in a drama.BUFFY , loundly he said.We will all miss you John your the best.I will always think of you when I watch Three 's Company on dvd , or Ted the buffy episode , or whenever I trip over something.Peace to you .
 I cant belive that John Ritter is Gone .
 I got this for Christmas , and I have n't watched it , yet . I want seasons 2-4 . We 'll miss you John Ritter , Rest in Peace.I 'm still waiting for 8 Simple Rules Season 1 to come out on DVD .
 Good but lacks the documentrys and other extras the 2nd season has other than that the never before scene footage was good
 this is such a cute show ! even after all these years im still in love with all the charactors and even the reruns are fun to watch . EVERY season of Three 's company 's great , definatly worth the $ $
 there is only half a dozen episodes here . still they are pretty good . recommendedd if you can find it cheap
 this is one of the best comedy ever in the world tv until now i am still watching this comedy every time
 What can I say about this show except it is a good example of what a classic series is all about . Any John Ritter fan has to add this to their collection . I intend to purchase the entire series .
 Jack Janet and Chrissy were fantastic . Perfect combination for a great receipe for laughs . The Rompers were a lot of laughs too . I look forward to purchasing other seasons . Thanks .
 Three 's Company has alway made me laugh . I wish there were more episodes on the DVD though .
 I 've loved just about everything John Ritter 's been . I first saw him on Walton 's mountain and then on a weekly series he was on , I ca n't remember the name of it but , he has alwasys been so talented and funny to me . I bought the first season of Three 's company because my tapes of the show were damaged.I taped just about every season and plan to replace most of them with dvd . This season is especially good simply because it fresh and new . John Ritter 's antics reminds me alot of Jerry Lewis back in the day . All the show were great but the first season of Three 's Company was the best . A.D.
 Three 's Company , in my opinion , is one of the all time greatest comedies to ever hit television . I watched this series as a young child when it was on tv and used to naively laugh , especially with the physical comedy of John Ritter . As an adult of almost 40 , I still laugh out loud . This is actually a really good comedy for just about the whole family because , although there are various innuendos , most young kids wo n't understand them . It 's ashame that there are n't more comedies like this on tv now . I 'd recommend this series to anyone .
 These are just as funny now as it was when i was little . These DVD 's are an excellent gift for the Three 's Company lover in your family .
 Man , this show brings back memories . For starters , I was n't born yet , when it was first aired on television . I saw it in its syndicated glory , years later , as a little kid . Though , some of the innuendo went clear over my head , I just knew it was hilarious . John Ritter -LRB- as Jack Tripper -RRB- was introduced to us , on this program , as a fantastic physical comedien . This man looked like he was made of rubber ! The way he ran around with boundless energy and made wonderful use of the broad and bawdy humor to his advantage . What 's more , his supporting cast was absolutely terrific here . This co-stars Joyce Dewitt and Suzanne Sommers.I wo n't go into detail about plot here , but I will say that the stories are centered around the lives of three roommates -- two women and a man . In order to get the `` okay '' from their landlords , on account of their slightly `` unconventional '' living arrangments , Jack Tripper -LRB- Ritter -RRB- passes himself off as gay -LSB- which he is anything but ! -RSB- . Chaos strikes many times , but not without plenty of laughs along the way . Enjoy !
 I thought this episode is really funny You first have get use to the actors and is really funny the first episode win they find there roommate an the bathtub The Land Lords are pretty funny !
 Many things , both pro and con , have been written about Ms Joan Crawford , and some of it true . Who WAS she ? Many of the actors of Joan 's era came from difficult backgrounds.The Depression hit America very hard and stars like Gable , Turner , Rooney , Shearer , Davis , Alice Faye , Gardner , Allyson , Garland , were nearly all from one parent families armed with a sense of desperation and ambition to be rid of poverty at any cost.It is no accident that Gable 's first two wives were both women much older than he , the first of whom taught him to act , and the second helped him find work and got him to Hollywood . It is no accident that Crawford 's first two husbands were Douglas Fairbanks Jnr a member of Hollywood royalty , and Franchot Tone , an actor from a wealthy family who became a leading Broadway actor.Joan , embarrassed by her lack of education , watched and learned from these two men and worked tirelessly at her craft with their help and support.Tone was keen to co-star with Crawford on the stage , but she was too terrified , too insecure to face a live audience.He grew tired of having to reassure Crawford over and over how beautiful , well groomed and perfect she was before they could go out to premiere or party . At first glance , it would appear that the Tyranical Joan was being the obsessive person daughter Christina had spoken of in her damning book . However , it was far more likely that Joan was secretly in great fear of letting herself down as she mixed with famous , wealthy , people from the film industry . She need n't have worried , as many of the men she had to impress , and indeed came to work for , had come from humble circumstances themselves.Each MGM star had their own carefully constructed persona for audiences to relate to . Joan 's was as a working girl , an office worker , a factory hand . Millions of women all over the world loved her , she became a huge star.She starred in eight pictures with Clark Gable , they got along well together , had a long term affair , and he appears to have been the love of Crawford 's life.This documentary does not dig for dirt , it instead studies the career of Joan Crawford and her need to keep working - well past what was then her use by date.Whilst married to Tone , they frequently went to the theatre together . Joan saw several plays that she felt would make good movies , solid vehicles for her.She told Irving Thalberg about them , he listened , bought the film rights and handed the leads to his wife Norma Shearer!The great tragedy in the lives of these Hollywood Stars -LRB- Marlene , Garbo , Turner , Shearer to name a few -RRB- was the trauma of growing old . When your looks are paramount to your work , your identity , it must become a terrible ordeal to see oneself aging , then wrinkled and old.All of these women became recluses in old age , Crawford refused all dinner invitations , gave away her devoted dog , and remained in doors.She was drinking heavily and must have been very lonely . She died of a heart attack.I recommend Joan Crawford - Always the Star , a tribute to a woman who after growing up in poverty , became the biggest woman box office star in Hollywood .
 To my knowledge there are only two biographies of Joan Crawford available on DVD : - this item , produced in the 1990s by Janson Media/Wombat Productions and - `` Joan Crawford
 Larry with great `` 4 '' piece horn section.Much , much different than the Larry Carlton/Steve lukather DVD , which is great.Who does n't love a good horn section
 A combination of excellent musicians led by one of the best guitarists around . Larry is awesome displaying his distinct style and love for the blues , yet it is n't just blues .
 This is a particularly great display of why Larry Carlton became , and remains , a truly great guitarist . Even for him , Larry sounds at the top of his game . The rhythm section also rises to the occasion , led by the amazing drummer Moyes Lucas , Rick Jackson -LRB- keys -RRB- , and Travis Carlton -LRB- Larry 's son -RRB- on bass . A stellar horn section rounds out the band . A definite buy !
 This is by far , the best Carlton performance I ' ve seen of his long and rich career . Relaxed , adventurous , creative , he is enjoying the show and having a great time . He takes his time , explores the songs from the inside , gives the impression that he can go wherever he wants to go in his fingerboard . He is free.The band is solid but flexible , right on the feel and on time . If you like Carlton 's work , do yourself a favor ...
 It was a Christmas present for my husband . I ordered it from Europe , Hungary . The DVD has arrived undamaged and my husband has already watched it . He was pretty content with it!Carlton , Larry - & The Sapphire Blues Band
 This movie was by far , the best action movie I have ever seen in my life . The acting fine , the action is NON stop , the lines are cut like a knife , and D is amazing . =-RRB- Most people who review this film ca n't review it fairly because of their bias towards the director . Well , I do n't know the director or his other work , and I think it 's incredible . If ... has a copy , BUY IT . It 's is INCREDIBLY RARE .
 This surprisingly stunning movie was really just something I rented , because I had seen everything else . I needed to watch a good movie , and not the commercial junk with overated computer graphics . Then I saw this one . They only had one copy of this movie in the store , so I thought that this would have to be a low-budget movie . `` Why the heck not '' I said to myself , and picked it up.I 've never regreted that choice in all my life.What struck me , was an action movie with a poetic heart . In all the excellent shooting , there is an `` in between the lines '' essence of the beauty of life , portrayed differently in the many characters in the movie . Good acting by some , great acting by most . Ice-T does a good job playing the `` bad guy '' , and I 'm tempted to say that this is one of Christopher Lamberts finest pieces of work.The ending of the movie , will probably disappoint some , but look between the lines here too , and also here you 'll find that everything about this movie wreaks of excellence . You 'll actually probably also come to the conclusion that the movie could n't have ended better . This one is a true classic , and I am surprised it did n't get more storm than it got on its release . Well , let me just uproar a storm , and tell you to watch this movie . Action , humour , drama , heck it 's got it all , and then some . Highly recommended warm hearted action movie !
 This movie is really awesome , I dont like to look at it as just a b-movie but maybe just a low budget action movei , low budget isnt always necessarilly a b-movie . The acting is excellent I think . Christopher Lambert is an outstanding actor and I dont care what anyone says about him , he can play any type of role . Ice-T is in top form , playing the all time bad guy . This movie is very cool , not necessarilly plotless or pointless . Just shows alot of the things mercenaries do , and what they will do for it . This movie has alot of humor , often sexy , even a bit dramatic especially towards the end . And is of course filled with nonstop action , and one of the best . Very enjoyable anybody who likes awesome action movies then check this one out , its killer . And as for the bongo music , I dont normally like that kind of music , but it fits quite well for this movie .
 With dialogue like that , how can you NOT take to this movie . Crisp , cool dialogue , a minimal plot , 100 % action and performances from Halsey and Lambert taking the honours . The violence is bloodless , though brutal -LRB- perhaps budgetary restraints prevented Mr Pyun from spending on blood squibs ... reminded me of Miami Vice ... gunplay , but no blood -RRB- . I 'd love to see this one re-made with John woo directing . Bloodless violence aside -LRB- which takes the edge off the movie -RRB- the only thing that lets the DVD down is that the congenital cretins at Tri-Mark have seen fit in their infinite wisdom to present it as a Full Frame picture rather than the 2.35:1 aspect ratio it should have been . The picture quality of the disc suffers abominably when zoomed to full frame , and the action becomes confusing , the cropping at the sides being blatantly obvuious . Come on TriMark , let 's have a Widescreen re-release of this one . One of Pyun 's better efforts , on a par with Nemesis .
 Ok , the only reason I watched this movie is because of Christopher ... aka Lu . I watched it again because of what the movie is ... I mean come on ... everything about this movie is in your face . This is not a drama , this is not a social piece ... this is a cult classic . Blood , death , and more death . To quote D `` When you drop a bunch of guns and bats into a room of killers and tell them to go ... their gon na go . '' And that is exactly what this movie does . It is action packed the entire time . We even get to see some Highlander skills come out when Lu fights with a baseball bat , and uses it more like a sword . You may not understand the movie , but just roll with it , and enjoy the experience . And remember , do n't hold the knife ... throw it .
 I tell ya , nothing goes with fragging someone like mambo music . It used to be banjos , but that turned out to be a flash in the pan , and no one ever did capitalize on DELIVERANCE . MEAN GUNS rolled around in 1997 in all its made-for-cable glory -LRB- or , at least , that 's where I first saw it -RRB- , and it rapidly lured you in with its soup of hot mambo and nasty dark humor and sparse plotting and its onslaught of screeching bullets and homicidal attitude . Mmmm , fun.Ice-T breaks it down
 This movie is not for everyone . The story line is good but some parts of the movie are just to far fetched to make this a great movie . But if want something different like watching a solid 90 minutes of over a hundred people geting shot , stabbed , and/or beaten to death . THIS IS A MUST SEE MOVIE !
 Every so often a movie comes along that changes the way we view humanity , the universe , and God . Every so often a movie takes us to great heights of joy , only to lose it , and then get it back over and over again as heros redeem themselves as villains are vanquished . Mean Guns is such a movie , indeed , perhaps the greatest movie of the 20th century , and maybe of all time ! Mean Guns is destined to be mentioned first in the same breath as ` Gone With the Wind ' , ` Citizen Kane ' , ` Little Shop of Horrors ' , and ` Dude Where 's My Car ' . The complex plot concerns a shadowy criminal organization knows as the ` Syndicate ' just finished constructing of all things , a prison ! To this prison are summoned the Syndicate 's assasins , who , unbeknownst to the assisins , were caught by the Syndicate stealing or betraying this underworld conglomerate . So the ringmaster of this get-together takes the assasins ' weapons at the door and then gathers them in a main room , the prison is locked , and tells them that they were ` caught stealing ' and , now they were to fight each other down to the last three alive , which would then split 10 million dollars between them . This festive occassion would be watched by the Syndicate on a closed circuit television screen.Now to start this contest , the ringleader tosses several vats of guns , bats and ammo in on top of the assembled assasins . I think you can figure out where the movie goes from there . Indeed , as the fighters spead out all over the vacant prison , alliances are developed , complex philisophical issues are raised like the prevelance of pervisity present on MTV , or the overuse of profanity in the movies , appropriate pharmaceuticals for todays assasin to take , in a nutshell , a veritable graduate course on applied ethics taught through the dialogue in this film.Indeed as Hoss , Crowe , Barbie , Moon , Marcus , Dee , Rickie , Kam , Lou , Oslow , Bad Hair Guy , Screamer , Joey , Big Bob , Staircase Guy , and Blackie ruminate on life , the universe and everything , it boggles the mind that Mean Guns was not nominated for 12 academy awards.There is so much one can learn from this film ! Like the childhood story of the ` Three Cannabalistic Bears that go out looking for food one day ' , ` Why you should n't swear when you dont have to ' , ` What could be better than Pay TV ' , and why 250 people trying to kill each other ` ai n't the junior league , or the girl scouts or Melrose Place ' . All this as the movie is set to the Mambo music of Perex Prado ? What more could a movie goer ask for . And as Lou says of Prado , ` He makes you wan na dance ' , indeed I felt like dancing as this movie made my soul soar when I contemplated the heights to which mankind may reach when properly motivated by shotguns , baseball bats , and 10 million dollars.All in all , this film has a fascintaing premise , the film is truly an escape and well done . I wish director Pyun was able to put more money into the development of this film . Also I hope there is a directors cut somewhere . Mean Guns is an amazingly good movie despite how preposterous the plot may sound . More and more people love this movie as we trade and pass around the DVD . Mean Guns gets more and more fans every month ! No one knew this movie in 1997 , but now there are at least 6 websites devoted to Mean Guns.Get this movie , its worth it !
 I first saw this one night just because there was nothing else on . Nights like that can really let you find ` sleepers ' and direct to video movies like this is . I am not saying this is an oscar type movie , but if you like gun fights or action , it is worth a look.The action is almost beginning to end , with only spots to delve into the personal side of the characters . But even as small as they do , I still felt as if I got to know them.The music is not the standard with a latin flavor . Now I am not a fan of this type of music , but it fit great into the pace and action of the movie.Overall , it was a movie about killers killing each other , and there was a ton of gun fights < and other close range weapons > , but off hand I dont remeber a gorry or over graphic scene . The worst scenes left the graphic to the imagination , and just used sound and camera angles to show ` just enough ` And a small note to any Christopher Lambert fans ... He is awesome in this movie . If you like him , worth seeing just for his role .
 The `` plot '' gets laid out pretty quick . A bunch of criminals have been put inside a brand-new prison shortly before it is due to open by a criminal organization called `` the Syndicate . '' Only three will be allowed out alive . The action starts when the Syndicate boss adds guns , weapons , and ammo by pouring them on top of the condemned . After that , the movie is vignette after vignette of criminals taking each other out . If you pay close attention , it ends up there is actually a more complicated plot , stemming from unfinished business between the three meanest killers in the place.There is a homage to Christopher Lambert 's `` Highlander '' roles involving a baseball bat and some dude 's head . The setting is simultaneously vivid and stark , very interesting throughout . Some attractive ladies , oddball criminals , an innocent man -LRB- well , he came voluntarily anyways -RRB- , an old West style shootout , gold teeth , and great comic timing.This is n't thought-provoking or deep but it moves quickly and has a good mix of action , blood , and wry humor . It 's a perfect movie for those times when you do n't want to think too hard .
 I 'd never heard of this movie until a friend described it , and we later watched it . Incredible ! The plot is simple , but the sub-plots most definitely are not . There is a lot of violence in this movie , make no mistake about it , but blissfully little blood and other unnecessary gore . Instead , I found it oddly compelling and philosophical , with a great performance by Ice-T . I would highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of high action movies .
 At first glance its just another low budget film . Thats sad because its really well written and acted . There is a plot besides shoot up action . If you like films like Pulp Fiction . You would like this film as well . Give it a try .
 At first glance , Mean Guns seems like another brainless action movie . The plot is simplistic , the action is fast and brutal , and the sound of gunfire can be heard in every scene . But looking a little deeper , you find a surprisingly effective tale of redemption and guilt , set against a simple backdrop where the characters can grow . The dialogue is very well written , the characterization is perfect , and the mambo soundtrack fits the carnage perfectly . And the ending will blow you away -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Some of the actors are a little stiff , but the leads Christopher Lambert , Ice-T , and especially the guy who plays Marcus , all perform very well.This movie is definitely worth checking out . The violence will put off a lot of people , but those who remain will be rewarded . This is my favorite movie .
 Despite an obviously limited budget -LRB- no building-busting explosions , cars plunging off freeways , or helicopters flying through train-tunnels -RRB- and some lack of realism -LRB- not as bad as most action movies , but noticable -RRB- , this movie is a screen gem . Imagine a modern day version of `` It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World '' with individuals and teams chasing after a cash prize of millions ; only this time it 's hidden inside a prison complex instead of underneath a pair of palm trees and the losers end up pushing up daisies . When the chase begins you 'll find yourself picking favorites and rooting for them to win . The movie also borrows tastefully from `` The Good , the Bad and the Ugly '' and `` The Wild Bunch '' , with it 's many showdowns and shootouts . The main characters are surprisingly well written and acted out -LRB- especially Marcus and Lou -RRB- in such a way so that you get a very good look into the personalities of each one without seeing a great deal of personal history on screen . And , of course , if you do watch it and wind up agreeing with none of this , the least you 'll have to admit is that the musical score rocks ! The mambo music playing over the prison PA system was a wonderfully original touch . Check this movie out . The violence may not make it everyone 's cup of tea -LRB- I personally loved it , fast paced and gritty yet not bloody -RRB- , but it has more than enough pluses to make up for it .
 A group of thugs who betrayed a syndicate are put in a new prison with weapons and 10 million cash promised to the last 3 survivors . It centers on the various groups that form and partialy on various moral conflicts . It 's obviously low budget direct to video , but the action is entertaining and big action fans will see a few scenes intentionally taken from other movies -LRB- One scene has the table-roll-to-gunpoint from Hard-Boiled -RRB- . The characters are certainly entertaining , and have more then one dimension to them . My favorite was Christoper Lambert , who insisted to Moon -LRB- the organizer -RRB- he be allowed entrance . Marcus was good and that actor had the best performance . The only bad thing about this was it 's length
 I do n't know what any of these pretentious jerks are talking about . This was n't meant to be a `` great movie '' . It did n't set out to move you , or give you deeper insight into yourself or the world at large . This movie 's purpose is n't to inspire , or to give a greater depth of understanding to the human condition ... and if you watched it hoping for any of that hippie crap you are stupid.This is an action movie . There is gratuitous violence , killing , and foul language . Of the Three things that can make a pulp movie good -LRB- Karate , Explosions , or Midieval Stuff -RRB- this movie scores a 2/3 . Thats pretty good . I might be stretching it with the explosions bit , but when there is THIS much gun-fighting , I count it anyway.There is tons of great action , even more great one liners . Christopher Lambert plays his role brilliantly , when you consider what he is supposed to be playing , and even Ice T does a good job.If you do n't like this movie , its because you are a snob , and you are expecting too much from a movie that is CLEARLY meant to entertain . If you liked this movie , it means you know what an Action movie is supposed to be about , and you are probably Hardcore as well .
 I 'm amazed.After viewing the abomination that was `` Adrenalin : Fear The Rush '' , I did n't think that Mr.Albert Pyun would make a decent movie.But finallly , he made a REAL movie ! He realized what was wrong with the movies he had made earlier , took their problems and improved them by a zillion ! The acting is superb.Ice-T is absolutely devilish at the role of Vincent Moon and Christopher Lambert 's performance as Lou is incredible.The story is terrific .100 assassins battle in a vacant building in order to win $ 10,000,000 . They go through hell trying to win and in the end the rusult is a HUGE death toll . The action scenes are VERY intense and realistic . You 'll be biting your nails the whole time.The plot has loads of clever and imaginative twists . The photography was brilliant.It gave the film a very realistic and `` dramatic '' feel and the suspense was even tighter.Overall , Mean Guns is a brilliant film that deserves much more credit than it 's received.Pyun finaly made a decent flick.Excellent acting , intense action sequences , brilliant plot and story and suspense galore made this one hell of a movie.This is Pyun 's only good movie ... The only thing unsatisfactory about MG is the ending , and that 's too bad because the rest of the movie is a masterpiece.Rated R for intense and very realistic action violence and profanity galore .
 I really didnt want to comment on this film , especially since my kind have been called out earlier in these other reviews . Lambert fan . Check . B-Movie fan . Check . Mambo fan . Check.So let me address some of the important issues first . I am so sorry its a violent film with no deep human meaning or understanding . And if that was your complaint then you better not own a copy of Hostel or any other Torture film.Second , there isnt suppose to be an action hero in the film . If you want a meaning to the movie it is simple . Crime does not pay . In a world of crime and lawlessness eventually even your fellow criminals turn on you.Why does Lou have his daughter at the prison ? Did you watch the film . Lou is either a complete Nut Job or vengeance seeker . From the red flashbacks he either killed a child , kidnapped his own daughter and murdered her mother/father . Or he his doing what he says he is doing , trying to make good for him and his daughter.Vampires ? Vampires ? you mean the guy with the fangs at the gate ? Or the demon winged guy Lou sees on the building ? The first guy is a bodyguard of Moon 's who for some reason has custom made teeth in the shape of fangs . So what . He isnt a vampire , never even crossed my mind that way . He just fits in as a poser gang style thug . Very cyberpunkish . The `` demonic image '' on the roof is a hallauciantion of Lou 's , similar to the boy in the hallway.The movis is simply 90 minutes of action , set with decent music and fun editing . The characters are largely stereotypes , but no more then Spider-Man , Captain Jack Sparrow or Shreck . So relax , pop some pop corn , turn off your brain and enjoy it for what it is.Or you can go rent Matilda .
 `` Mean Guns '' is exactly what it promises to be
 Albert Pyun is the B-Director equivalent of John Woo . He gets to work with second class movie stars , but knows how to do action movies and choreography violence.If you prefer your exotic food as hamburgers and french fries , your women blonde , busty and kick butt . Then this is the movie for you . Lots of action , very little storyline and logic.Cool badguys and one-liners . Shootouts galore . Oscar worthy ? No . Depth ? Like a 3 foot kiddie pool . Fun ? Definately .
 This movie has people who are inside a prison . They have to kill as many people other people as they can only three can survive in this movie they decided to let only one survive . The winner takes home $ 10 million . Christopher Lambert character -LRB- Luu -RRB- `` sorry if I spelled it wrong '' , is a psycho who has fun killing in this movie , he has a little girl who waits in the car during the whole scene . This movie plays alot of mambo music .
 This movie is a straight-to-video insane shoot 'em up flick starring Christopher Lambert -LRB- in his best performance ever as the psychotic Lou -RRB- and Ice-T -LRB- Mr. Platinum Teeth -RRB- . The plot is basically 100 criminals who have betrayed the crime organization known as the Syndicate are put in a prison and told that the 3 standing after 6 hrs will get 10 million dollars . Then , the criminals are thrown guns and baseball bats to dispatch each other ... plot heavy , eh ? What makes this movie work well are the wonderful action sequences , a great performance from Christopher Lambert as Lou , a psychotic killing machine with the best lines in the flick , and the actors who played Marcus and D both did well in their roles . Also , the movie 's `` soundtrack '' is quite good ... you 'll see why if you watch the flick . The only weaknesses of this flick are really the annoying innocent lady , who , while she adds the human element of the flick , is very annoying throughout the movie . Also , the well-endowed femme fatale of the flick , nick-named Barbie , is somewhat annoying at points in the movie . Despite these flaws , this film is a great action movie even though it went straight-to-video .
 the main reason why i waited up until 2 in the morning cause i am a fan of chris lambert i saw it id say it was excellent of the action and the acting done by chris lambert and ice t.Great action AND I WAS DISSAPIONTED when christopher lambert was told by marcus that he killed his daughter when he didnt and so they killed each other and that ugly old woman who can t even act probably old enough to look like shes 50 mabye she is.So it was very entaining worth a watch .
 We had a great time watching this virtual tour of Chile and it 's wine regions . The DVD is narrated in English , gives you good tips and interesting information of the history and how the wine industry has develop in Chile .
 What a beautiful picture than I thought before buying this . No computer image , no sfx , natural good old film . I love this film .
 The product was exactly what was advertised by the seller and it was received in a very timely manner . I could n't have been more satisfied . The product was also exceptionally priced . Thanks a bunch !!!
 I love it when you ship your stuff quick and it 's not broken . That 's all i ask for and usually get it . Thanks for your speedy work !
 Ive always loved the mad max movies and the special edition one is a great movie has extras and everything !!
 This movie is simply Meltastic and if you like Mr. Gibson at all ... YOU MUST OWN THIS MOVIE !!!
 This movie is so freaking action packed , you actually are asking for a break from it and when you get your break , this movie hits you with one of those really hard to take drama scenes.but the action is the reason to watch this . The camera work is outstanding the way they follow the motorcycle in one scene is really a rush just watching it . It opens up with action and gives you just enough to make it a really good movie.One of the MANY reasons I love this movie is the hero . I watch a lot of kungfu , and this type of storyline for mel is kungfu at it 's finest . He really reminded me of a guy like Jimmy Wang Yu or even one of my favorites Chen Kwan Tai -LRB- baddie from crippled avengers -RRB- . Mel plays the role just as good as any of them and maybe better.The commentary is also listenable and a pretty good making of .
 This is the ultimate action movie and still after more than 20 years I really enjoy watching the film again . Max has to fight crazy motorbikers with his supercharger V8 car in the futuristic landscape . He give no mercy to the bad boys after they have killed of his family .
 What can I say . This movie ROCKS BIG ! It is full of fighting , bad words , threats , cool heroes , evil villains , and everything else that makes an action movie good . Like guns , bladed weapons and determination . It follows a man who means to stop criminals and terrorists in similar ways to the Punisher . It has cool quotes and good graphics for a 70 's movie , and I liked it a lot so I am looking forward to the sequels , Road Warrior and Beyond Thunderdome . If you like bang em up movies with morals , see it .
 Mad Max is a very imaginative , wild , and satisfying film . It 's sequel The Road Warrior is a bit more thrilling , but Mad Max delivers the goods . The film is set in the post apocolyptic Australia , where savage biker gangs and outlaw drivers rule the roads . The film begins with policeman Max Rockantsky -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- who engages in a thrilling highway chase between him and a crazy driver called Nightrider . When Nightrider is killed in a firey crash , his psychopathic friend , Toecutter , is enraged , and wants revenge in blood , Rockantsky blood . Toecutter and his vicious biker gang are known for terrorizing towns , tying people to speeding motorcycles , and much worse -LRB- as seen in the film -RRB- . For a while in the film , they stalk Max , his wife Jessie , and his infant son in very weird , creepy scenes . Then when Toecutter and the gang run Jessie and her baby down on their motorbikes , Max is beyond enraged , thus becoming the title character , Mad Max . The end of the film is a sensationalized thrillfest as Max dawns his leather road outfit , two guns , and hunts down the gang in his new Police Interceptor , running some down , shooting one , and I wo n't mention what happens to Toecutter . Mad Max is very bizarre , very brutal , and very very entertaining . The stunts are quite impressive , the villains are very well cast -LRB- particularly Toecutter and Johnny -RRB- and Mel Gibson is the ultimate Mad Max . The only snag
 I first saw this movie in the theatre in 1980 or 81 . I have purchased the VHS version and the DVD version as soon as they came out . Since then I have been searching for the Australian soundtrack version but to no avail . When I read on a Mad Max website that the Australian version was available , I bought it immediately . Man was I blown away . This was one of my favorite movies . Now it is my favorite ! How they could have released this movie with the overdub is insane . It 's like watching a brand new movie . Definitely worth the price of admission . Oh and there is no comparison between this movie and it 's sequels . Road Warrior was okay but Thunderdome was a joke.Turkey .
 Yes finally the UNDUBBED version on DVD , with more features and CHEAPER than the older DUBBED version . How was ever possible that this classic was DUBBED for American audience I do n't know . May be the old DUBBED version will become a classic collectors item because the DUBBING is so bad.I 'm buying this version and selling old junk DUBBED version .
 Love watching this movie . &#34; They say people do n't believe in heroes anymore . Well , damn them ! You and me , Max , we 're gon na give 'em back their heroes ! &#34;
 I LIKE TURTLES . And Mad Max . Excellent movie . I like very much . I love him . And the bad guy was good in Farscape .
 a good collection and will be a long time favorite a movie to be never forgotten . Mel is a good actor
 I really liked this movie . Mel Gibson 's showcase to Americans as a no nonsense Australian highway cop gets revenge with some bad bikers for messing with him and his family . I was 11 when this movie came out and remember it as cool as Star Wars back then . All 3 Mad Max movies were very good and this one was my favorite Sci-Fi . I am hearing a rumor there is a 4th Mad Max in production . I will research it .
 The movie is so simple and economical in expression that it just never gets old . It 's in no way sophisticated , but does n't matter . The whole thing is just like taking a hatchet to wood , simply effective -- no more , no less . You got ta appreciate that .
 The dvd I have is DOUBLE SIDED . It has the movie on one side -LRB- the original , unedited version -RRB- and SPECTACULAR SPECIAL FEATURES on the other side . WHAT A GREAT DVD -LRB- SPECIAL EDITION -RRB- !!! The SPECIAL FEATURES include 2 DOCUMENTARIES -- one of GIBSON 'S start in acting -LRB- I thought it was REALLY interesting -RRB- . The SECOND DOCUMENTARY is of the MAKING OF THE MOVIE -LRB- TRULY AMAZING !!! -RRB- . CINEMATIC HISTORY that set the STANDARD for AUSTRALIAN MOVIE MAKING -LRB- I REALLY LOVE IT -RRB- . The POST APOCALYPTIC story of a world of SAVAGE , DEGENERATED HUMANITY . IF you like CAR CHASES AND CRASHES , this movie is one YOU 'LL REALLY LIKE !!! DOES N'T GET ANY MORE INTENSE THAN THIS!The precurser for the movie ROAD WARRIOR . DEFINITELY SEE THIS ONE FIRST , if possible . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SPECIAL EDITION DVD . Again , the special features are TOTALLY SPECIAL -- THEY ARE KILLER !! This dvd offers the CHOICE of WIDE SCREEN or FULL SCREEN . I ca n't believe how much is offered on this one dvd .
 Great movie , always enjoy it , must of seen this 5 or so times now -LRB- at least -RRB- . The Blu-ray resolution is not improved to standards of a recent production but it 's not grainy like some older movies that are released as blu-ray . Audio is clean DTS-HD . Waiting patiently for Thunderdome to come out in Blu-ray !!!
 This one is exceptional because on Blu-ray this movie is so much better in high def . It 's a great movie you ca n't go wrong for the price .
 I own the original Mad Max the way it was released in Australia and i have to say that it is a brilliant movie -LRB- although not as good as its sequel -RRB- . I have never had the oppertunity to see the U.S version but would love to own it one day ... The exellent chase scenes and crashes are now part of Aussie film history . The scene of Max getting his leg blown open by the gang shows why he has a leg brace in the sequel . If anyone would like to e-mail me and -LRB- hopefully swap movies -RRB- send to
 For 1978/79 , Miller 's debut feature is tightly directed and highly engaging thanks almost to the constraints that had to be imposed because of the films amateuresque style . Gibson breaks out of his screen starting gate like a racehorse , the villain gang is well -LRB- and humourously -RRB- put together and the plot is as souped-up and humming with power as practically all the vehicles shown therein -LRB- remember that post-apocalyptic sci-fi thrillers only became well and truly cliched after the third installment of this series -RRB- . Still , the real stars of the show in this picture are the cars themselves . Those Interceptors painted yellow and marked ` Pursuit ' are the best thing to happen to a Datsun since the invention of the 454hp engine and scoop . Miller directs the road sequences with zest and conviction - so much so that the frenzy of the death highway comes out to stab the viewer in the eyeballs at times . There are a few funny bits with deaths etc. . Most are well executed -LSB- except for the Edwin Nealesque -LRB- he 's the guy who gets smushed under the wheels of that truck at the end of ` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre ' -RRB- demise of the ludicrously camp biker leader , ` The Toecutter ' -RSB- but watch out for the sequence where Max runs the bikers off the bridge right after his wife and kid get splattered . Look for the guy in the red helmet and brown jacket -LRB- I think he 's also wearing a white aviation scarf -RRB- who falls on the road -LRB- most of the bikers being catapulted over the railings -RRB- . Found him ? Okay , good . Now wait until you see the front wheel of the bike to the left of him smash him in the head and jerk his neck forward . That actor must have died ! No way could anyone have lived through that without serious hospitalisation . Hmmm ... . was George Miller trying to get too opportunistic with that ? Anyway - it 's a damned fine film given its unripe origins so go see it whether you 're familiar with the trilogy or not . Scholastic work for sure .
 One of the best action/cult movies around . The car is awsome , and with a limited budget the director -LRB- George Miller -RRB- does an excellant job . I only wish there was a way for you to get the true austrailian version intead of the dubbed American ver .
 `` Mad Max , '' the first film in a much-imitated but never equalled `` action '' tragedy/trilogy , perfectly sets up the following two movies . Together , they form an epic of one man 's losses of all he loves , his ruthless revenge , and his eventual redemption , beginning in `` The Road Warrior , '' when he grudgingly assists a commune whose members repay him with treachery . Despite that , his metamorphosis comes to fruition in `` Thunderdome , '' in which Max regains his humanity to the fullest degree.Side made several in Australia before this one , and the one to see is `` Tim , '' in which Mel gives an incredible performance that 's about as opposite of an apocalyptic anti-hero as anyone could get . This man has amazing talents , to the `` Max . ''
 I 've watched this movie any number of times and always enjoyed it , although , as mentioned , it has a low budget feel to it -LRB- not necessarily bad though -RRB- . I do agree with many other reviewers and would give just about anything to obtain a copy without the dubbed Americanized voices - what a mistake that was ! I had a friend in Australia send me a copy thinking that would solve the problem , but silly me of course it 's in PAL format which renders it useless in my VCR here in the USA ! Oh well , great movie just the same .
 It was an action/adventure thrill ride , but it did seem a bit frighting at times . But none the less , it was absolutly amazing . But why was it dubbed , do n't the Australians speak English too ?
 This movie is terrific . I 've always liked this movie , and if you think of the sequels while watching Mad Max , it makes it all the better . The car chase scenes are superb . Some parts of the movie are a bit slow , but overall this movie is great !
 Made in '79 before The Road Warrior , This movie is one of the alltime greatest ever . Amazingly some people seem to think that TRW was made before the original Mad Max , which is false , of course . Movie consists of straight out storyline , with action packed driving sequences , shocking stunts and extatic V8 power . Get this film . but do not get the `` american dubbed '' version , It ruins about half of the film .
 `` Mad Max '' was made on a low budget -LRB- $ 50K to $ 100K according to various sources -RRB- ; the dubbing and some of the editing do make the film seem cheap at times , but the photography and music are of big-budget quality . The chases provide lots of thrills -LRB- wait 'll you see that trailer burst ! -RRB- . Director George Miller provides some brilliant imagery -LRB- Max 's feverish search for the last of the bikers is a most unforgettable set-piece -RRB- .
 IF WHAT YOU SAID KENNETH MARBURY IS TRUE , EVERYONE GET TOGETHER AND TRY TO GET THIS DIRECTOR 'S CUT WITH THE ORIGINAL ACCENT AND THE CUT SCENES .
 Mel Gibson has a history of playing borderline psychotic , revenge-driven loners from contemporary actioner Martin Riggs -LRB- `` Lethal Weapon '' -RRB- to widescreen epic hero William Wallace -LRB- `` Braveheart '' -RRB- to hard-boiled noir tough guy Porter -LRB- `` Payback '' -RRB- to historical fiction family-man-pushed-too-far Benjamin Martin -LRB- `` The Patriot '' -RRB- to the classic Shakespearean originator of the mold Prince Hamlet -LRB- `` Hamlet '' -RRB- . You could almost say it 's his niche.And in all fairness , he started young . Mel Gibson was an impossible 21 years old when he starred in this 1979 throwback to 1960 's biker thrillers produced by the then-unknown team of George Miller and Byron Kennedy . A huge hit in Australia , it was limited to small theatres , drive-ins , and arthouse runs in the United States ... where , despite a dubbed dialogue track that would make most kung fu movies seem Academy Award-worthy , it picked up a loyal cult following and enabled a small group of would-be hipsters to be able to say `` Mel Gibson ? Oscars ? P'shaw ... he 'll always be ` Max Rockitansky ' to me . `` The movie is not exactly original ... it 's a redux of the American western with elements of the aforementioned biker flicks , but it is VERY original in its use of some very innovative cinematography -LRB- cameras mounted at fender-level on fast-moving cars ... I 'm not certain it had ever been done before -RRB- and some of the more unbelievable stunts ever filmed , the like of which would not be seen again until the sequel 's release in 1982 -LRB- `` Mad Max 2 '' or `` The Road Warrior '' , depending on your location -RRB- . The action is more personal because it is REAL.Mel Gibson 's performance might not seem on par with his better roles since , but the role he was playing was that of someone much older than himself at the time ... and it ca n't be denied that even at 21 he had a command of the camera he has never relinquished ; you ca n't take your eyes off him . Of his earlier roles Gibson is rather self-conscious of his performance in `` Mad Max '' ; he refers to himself as `` Mr. Porkchop '' in this movie , somehow under the impression that he must have been overweight at the time ... but fans of his will want to see this movie to see how he looked before his days as a household name and to chart his development as an actor.Fans of action movies will want to see how movies of this nature looked in the `` old skool '' days before high-budget special effects when the level of action in your movie was dictated by how far your stuntment were willing to push the envelope of sanity . In Australia during the making of this movie and `` The Road Warrior '' , it fast became evident that no such envelope even existed . The result is a piece of hand-made brilliance of guerilla filmmaking that would inspire latter day innovators such as Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez into accomplishing so much with so little.And of course the fact that this DVD is equipped with the Australian dialogue track is a selling point unto itself -LRB- it also shows exactly why a dub track was used for US distribution ; it 's not that we ca n't understand the accent , mates ... we just have no idea what the slang means -RRB- . That and the commentary track by the production team make well-received treats for those of us who are old enough to have loved this film since its original release . A retrospective on Mel Gibson 's career and its beginnings is also a nice addition . I can only hope that `` The Road Warrior '' gets a similar treatment -LRB- and soon -RRB- . In short you have a great movie with a a great DVD extras package at a VERY reasonable price ... I do n't know what more a movie buff could ask . This is definitely a `` must-own '' for your collection .
 MAD MAX is one of my favorite Mel Gibson movies . He 's just a kid , but he comes across as genuine and ultimately vengeful . Max is a member of a black leather-clad police force in an unspecified future . He 's an `` interceptor '' , and a good one . When his partner is burned alive by a gang of insane bikers -LRB- led by the notorious `` Toecutter '' -RRB- , Max quits the force . When his wife and child are murdered by the same gang , Max leaves his own sanity behind and becomes a killing machine , bent only on revenge . He hunts down the `` Glory Riders '' , slaughtering them in a suped-up , black monster car , complete with a towering V8 and nitrous injection ! MAD MAX deserves it 's place in movie history . George Miller re-invented the high-speed chase scene . I recommend that you get a copy right this bloody minute ...
 The first movie in the series is good , but , Road Warrior is better . but does that mean it ` s bad ? Heck no ! This is actually one of the best of the sci-fi genre.It ` s about this guy named Max , -LRB- duh ! -RRB- who gets pissed at this motorcycle gang for killing his friend and family and seeks his hellish revenge .
 got to love the original soundtrack , much better then the cheesy speedracer sounding voiceover of the original us release . this is truely a fast and furious movie . BUY IT Quick !!
 Movie
 This is not the best of the Mad Max movies , but they had to start somewhere . It amazes me to know that the original `` Aussie '' voices were dubbed over when this film was originally released in the USA , as if they speak a different language or something.The stunts in his movie is what keeps it watchable .
 Featuring a fresh faced Mel Gibson as a young cop who faces down mobile savages on the highways of a dystopian Australia of the future . Mad Max managed to make a virtue of its modest budget , with some startling , influential stunt work and array of weird and surreal characters . Mel Gibson is perfect in the role of the idealistic young cop who feels that he is slowly becoming dehumanised by the brutality he is embroiled with on a daily basis . He quits the force and takes off with his family to try and escape from the madness and decay that is nearing fever pitch . However when his family are killed by a gang of marauding bikers , Max becomes the very thing he was trying to avoid , a broken , monoslylabic , avenging angel in souped up pursuit car . Very much a character in the vain of Clint Eastwood 's man with no name from the spaghetti westerns , Max is a brooding , intense man with a capacity for terrible violence .
 Featuring a fresh faced Mel Gibson as a young cop who faces down mobile savages on the highways of a dystopian Australia of the future . Mad Max managed to make a virtue of its modest budget , with some startling , influential stunt work and array of weird and surreal characters . Mel Gibson is perfect in the role of the idealistic young cop who feels that he is slowly becoming dehumanised by the brutality he is embroiled with on a daily basis . He quits the force and takes off with his family to try and escape from the madness and decay that is nearing fever pitch . However when his family are killed by a gang of marauding bikers , Max becomes the very thing he was trying to avoid , a broken , monoslylabic , avenging angel in souped up pursuit car . Very much a character in the vain of Clint Eastwood 's man with no name from the spaghetti westerns , Max is a brooding , intense man with a capacity for terrible violence .
 Mel Gibson skyrocketed to overnight star status in this lowbudget yet amazingly vivid film that George Miller made with ashoestring buget is highly affective , viscerally emotional aswell as visonary filmaking from George Miller who does not shyaway from making incredible action scenes mixed with emotionalrealism as well as giving birth to a household name for Gibsonas well as Max the lone warrior of the desolate highways thatbring him vengance.Max Rockatansky lives in a desloate barren hellish futurewith scraggly intentions of a industrial nightmare that oncewas Max a loving husband and father and partner to his friendthe Goose who works with him to keep the roadways safe goneare the war machines of the past , now the one battle machineof the future are the hellish cars that devour the roadwaysand the gangs the rule like cowboys from the past like theToecuter who rides into town when he learns the his partnerthe night rider is killed so his croanies lay waste to themany pedestrians on the road , Max being the best Bronze copthere is is hot on there trail , but when the Toacuter hitsclose to home and burns his partner the Goose , Max hangsit up from The Halls Of Justice and retires spending moretime with his family , but the Toecuter not wanting to end itthere does the unthinkable and kills his wife and childnow Max is mad and he want 's revenge and he will get it atall and any cost 's one by one he takes out the Toecutersposse even if he has experience pain to do it eventuallykilling the Toectuer wich sets the stage for the even moreimpressive and amazing sequel The Road Warrior.The French Connection may have made car chases a household thing but Max Max gave them style and The Road Warriorliterally made them a stuntmaking phenomonon with some of thebest car stunts next to The Road Warrior , Mad Max gives us astunning look into the future while entertaining us into anew geanra the post apacalypse film many have been made likeMad Max but there is only one Road Warrior.The DVD has aninteresting look at the phenomonon of Mad Max as well asa documentary on Mel Gibson 's rise to stardom with Max andhis acting and directing carrer as well as trailers and theuntouched Australian version of the film that dose n't editthe actors voices if you like action films and Mel Gibsonyou will not wa n't to miss Mad Max make sure to add it toyour collection .
 Considering Mad Max was only both Mel Gibson and the director/producer team of George Miller and -LRB- the late -RRB- Byron Kennedy 's second movie this is truely a modern classic . Filmed on a shoestring budget this movie became the most profitable movie ever at the time , check The Guiness Book of Records . Not much diologue but plenty of action means that you will be engrossed in the movie.All I can say is if you live in the US try and get old of an old laser disc copy , which the original Aussie dialogue , get a VHS copy from Australia or wait and see if MGM releases the original version in the States later this year ! I hear an undubbed version is doing the rounds at selected cinemas in the US now . Go check it out !
 A vary good movie . I take one star off for the English dubing . I sugest the relest the Aurstralin version , or at least have it as an Autio track .
 This DVD is like watching a brand new version of the film with crisp imagery in letterbox format . For those who have n't seen this movie , it 's the original story of Max and how he eventually becomes the `` Road Warrior '' as portrayed in the sequel . The film was done on a lower budget than its successor , but contains great action with some terrific stunts . The main attraction of the movie is his work as a pursuit officer on the highways where outlaws are running havoc over an understrength police force . Max and his peers are almost as rough as the outlaws , creating a gray area between justice and crime . The story centers around Max 's aggressive pursuit of an escapee named the Knightrider , resulting in the outlaw 's death in a violent car crash . The Knightrider 's motorcycle gang then come looking for Max in retaliation , and Max 's family suffer the consequences . Max then transitions from police officer to vigilante , going after the bike gang on his own terms.The movie is high-energy with souped-up Australian Fords and Kawasaki motorcycles screaming across barren landscapes in lethal chases . Max and his car , an evil-looking black supercharged coupe , wreak destruction on the outlaw bikers near the end and it 's pure adrenaline by this point . The film may not be as polished or as wild as the `` Road Warrior , '' but it has cult appeal with the same flavor.This edition of Mad Max features the original voice tracks of the Australian actors that was never before available in the U.S. . This surprisingly quite changes the atmosphere of the movie , making the characters more realistic in a sense , and far less animated when compared to the American dubbed version that feels more like an imported martial arts flick . I personally prefer this version ...
 When I first saw this movie , in 1980 , it was the best thing since sliced bread . Mel Gibson , in my opinion , became a star that year . Since the movie 's release to video and TV , many key scenes were cut from the original theatrical version . For instance , the scene where Max gets a chance to test drive the black beauty Interceptor and chases one of the bikers ; he 's full Nitro , the red light starts flashing , he 's pushing the Interceptor to the limit , and then ... she stalls out . Though devastated , this brought many a laugh from the audience . Another key scene
 ... not only do we get all the great features that we associaite with a DVD -LRB- Theatrical trailers , TV spots , documentary featurettes , audio commentaries , etc. -RRB- but it will also include the original Austrailian soundtrack , something I NEVER thought I would see during my lifetime . -LRB- Most people already know that when the film was released theatrically in the United States in 1979 , Filmways , the movie 's U.S. distributor , dubbed the Australian actors with Mid Atlantic voices -RRB- . The film was , of course , availabe at one time on DVD from Image Entertainment -LRB- it is now out of print -RRB- ; there was also a Japaneese Region 2 NTSC DVD that was released , although I admittedly have not seen that version -LRB- I have yet to own an all code DVD player -RRB- . I 've also noticed a legimimate VCD version of the movie put up for auction on Ebay . Now , with MGM / UA Video releasing this version on DVD to North American audiences ... , the movie is getting the treatment it so richly deserves .
 Bought this for christmas for my dad . Great picture and sound . The originial actors voices rather than the stupid &#34; Speed Racer &#34; style American voice overs because apparently they thought we would n't be able to understand Australian accents . There 's even a behind the scenes section which is very in depth .
 If your an American , you would want to get this version.Extras included , learn how hard it is to make your first movie on a low budget.BEG , BORROW , OR STEAL.Learn the facts of what drove MAX ---------- MAD !!! SHOULD THAT BE MAD WITH MORE-CRAZY , MADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDVengence has its day-its caled-MAD MAX
 Been watching this movie my whole life starting with VHS . When i put the blu ray on to show my step son it was like watching for the first time it looked so good . Highly recommended for any fan of mad max with a blu ray player .
 I think other reviews on this have covered details of the BluRay pretty well . I only add that if you are a DIE HARD fan you MUST get this edition . And if a better one comes out someday , I 'll get that too .
 MGM jumped on the DVD bandwagon rather late in the game , and the studio has been struggling to keep up ever since . Traditionally , MGM has released bare-bones , movie-only DVDs with bad transfers and horrid sound - but , thankfully , tradition seems to be losing out to what consumers want . Mad Max
 I 've been a fan of `` Mad Max '' since seeing it in the theater in 1980 , and I pre-ordered this Blu-ray as soon as it was announced . The movie itself has been reviewed extensively elsewhere , so my review will cover , briefly , the Blu-ray disc only . I played it on aJVC XVBP11 Blu-ray Playerand watched it on aPanasonic TC-L32X2 32-Inch 720p LCD HDTVand , more recently , on aPanasonic VIERA TC-P42S30 42-Inch 1080p Plasma HDTV .720 p Comments : Overall it looks very dark . They did n't digitally correct any of the color errors -LRB- that is , spots in the movie where the film has color damage -- it 's really obvious after Max drags himself back to the car -RRB- . The color is richer than on the DVD ; skin tones look accurate , but the clouds look pinkish . And it 's grainy , but still clearer than ever . You can actually read the graffiti on the high-fatality road sign , and read all the port rules on the beach sign . It 's going to be a treasure trove for costumers and prop makers ! The BD is definitely an improvement over the DVD in terms of clarity , but the price of that clarity seems to be all the visual noise that 's now visible . -LRB- In many of the scenes where open blue sky is the backdrop , the sky tends to flicker . -RRB- I checked some scenes on the DVD and the color shifting and noise are there , too -- it 's just not as noticeable as on the BD . I suspect it 's the very same source print .1080 p Comments : Before I owned the 1080p plasma , I thought that having all that additional resolution would just make the bad qualities of the transfer that much more obvious . I was wrong . Frankly , it looks pretty amazing . There was less flickering of the sky , and print damage was much less obvious . The film still appears grainy , and overall the color is somewhat dull , but it IS a 30-year-old low-budget movie -- a lot of which seems to have been shot on overcast days.Additional Disc Comments : The disc menu is odd
 Before I wrote a review for this film I had to get my hands on a version with the original Aussie dialogue to see if it truly mattered . Well the answer is , yes it does . Other reviewers are correct when saying the dubbed version -LRB- in American English -RRB- makes the actors come off campy and it hurts the film a great deal . And yes , dialogue is even changed slightly , some more than others , like when the one kid and his girlfriend leave town in his hotrod with the biker gang hot on their trail . In the American version he says `` Do n't worry '' to his girlfriend , but in the Aussie version he says `` No worries '' . I do n't really think a dubbed English version was necessary . I could understand what they were saying even with the Australian accents . I mean imagine network TV dubbing Crocodile Hunter every week with an American accent ... BAD IDEA ! Now that the DVD is out of print -LRB- because ORION Pictures is out of business -RRB- let 's hope Warner Brothers obtains the rights to this masterpiece , digitally remasters it -LRB- Dolby Digital 5.1 or better -RRB- and gives us the Aussie Soundtrack . Japan released this film on DVD with both Audio tracks -LRB- But in Region Code 2 only -RRB- , so it 's about time we got the same thing . In fact , Warner should re-release all three films in a nice box set and make them all special editions . The latest VHS version of The Road Warrior -LRB- Mad Max 2 -RRB- included a retrospective documentary that was never included on the DVD . To me , this is a great film that deserves the S.E. treatment . It 's hard to believe it was only Mel Gibson 's 3rd film -LRB- After Summer City & Tim -RRB- . This movie is set during the decline of civilization and Mad Max 2 is set shortly after that when civilization is all but destroyed and scattered . Mad Max sets the standard for the sequals and truly gives us a man gone mad by the loss of loved ones at the hands of not just the bikers , but the decay of life as we know it . I love the trilogy ... rare that each one is uniquely special in it 's own right , yet still propells the character forward . Mad Max is a Classic , so Warner Brothers needs to get a move on with that remastered version -LRB- you know they won the rights to it -RRB- so people can see the original Mad Max in all its glory ! ... G'day !
 For fans of George Miller 's first `` Mad Max '' movie , this is the version for which we 've been waiting more than 20 years for ... the original Australian dialogue version . While the American voice actors tried to do their best to capture the characters and the synchronization was generally good , the dubbing , on the whole , lacks the subtleties that the original actors , speaking in their natural dialect , brought to the screen . Further , in the U.S. dubbed version , there was no appreciable attempt to change the Australian slang used thoughout the film , making the dubbing even more pointless than it already was.Beyond the new audio track , there is much more on this DVD to merit inclusion in your collection . The DVD presents the film in both anamorphic widescreen and full-frame formats . Now why anyone would want to watch `` Mad Max '' in full-frame is beyond me , but you can effectively recreate the VHS viewing experience of the last 15 plus years by selecting the full-frame video and U.S. dub audio options . There are also two newly produced , informative documentaries included , one on the making of the film and the other on the early Australian -LRB- pre-1980 -RRB- film career of Mel Gibson . There 's also a terrific audio commentary with several of the behind-the-scenes film crew members , including the Director of Photography , David Eggby . In one telling sequence , Eggby mentions that he had no idea how fast and dangerous the filming actually was while seated on the back seat of a motorcycle for a POV shot . It was only after he saw the daily rushes one day , that he noticed that the speedometer of the bike appeared in the shot and that it registered 180 kilometers per hour -LRB- approximately 110 mph -RRB- ! The DVD also includes the usual trailer and TV spots , a photo gallery of international posters and lobby cards , and even a hidden , but not too difficult to find `` Easter Egg . '' All in all , MGM has done a superlative job on this `` Special Edition '' DVD , easily exceeding , by a far margin , the two sequel DVDs released by Warner 's -LRB- `` The Road Warrior '' and `` Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome '' -RRB- .
 I have had this movie on just about every home video format since Betamax . This is as good a picture as you will get on this title , unless they restore it IMO ... What also really stands out is that we get the original actors voices , not the dubbed USAversion ... A real treat and a ground breaking movie !! Since I bought this again , I consider it a must own !!
 This film has to be one of the greates road movies , save possibly Mad Max II or Death race 2000 . the car chase sequences are , in my opinion , better than those featured in Bullit . Despite the lack of dialogue from Mel Gibson or any of the other cast , this still makes entertaining viewing . the right mix has been made with violence and gore and with a little storyline . The ` Cundilini wants his hand back ' is a particularly humorous and those with a dvd player or decent video should freeze frame this part . Watch ou also for the fantastic stunts , especially at the start of the film as a V8 pursuit vehicle flies through a stationary caravan . If you liked this stunt , consider getting hold of the banned from T.V version of the vidoe of ` The Cardigans ' ` My favourite game ' . In this video , you will see many great automotive stunts , especially as a car flies through a parked camper van , Mad Max style . Unfortunately , many videos I have seen , namely the Warner Brother 's edition in the three-box set , have been cut in a very crude and thoughtless manner , detracting from this film . I would agree with R KOEGEL and KENNETH MARBURY that a director 's cut version , or any uncut version should be launched NOW . SO PLEEEEEASE make an uncut version of this film .
 This review refers to the new Special Edition DVD that has just been released.Both widescreen and full screen versions are included , but more importantly , the original Australian dialogue has finally been restored . The difference between that and the clunky , awkward American-dubbed audio most of us are familiar with is like night and day -LRB- and if you want to find out for yourself , both are included on the disc , so feel free to compare -RRB- . Rounding out the package is a making-of featurette , several trailers , and a `` pop-up video '' style subtitles-option which presents various minutea about the film and its locations while you watch .
 Finally ! The original version of `` Mad Max '' ! I had been waiting for this since I first saw `` The Road Warrior '' in the theatres so long ago.While the film is still the same , the atmosphere is far different because since the voice are n't as over the top as the dubbed version . The nomad bikers are far more menacing , `` the Goose '' is more charasmatic and Mel himself more believable . Unfortunately nothing can save that painful `` brown shoes '' scene , but , hey , that 's what the `` fast forward '' is for.If I had any problem with this version at all it would be that , since they moved it to 5:1 sound , sometimes the voices get lost in the background over music swells . It 's one thing when dialog is drowned out by a roaring motor -LRB- that happens in real life -RRB- , but when the actors are lost to an orchestral punch , it can be annoying.If you are going to get `` Mad Max '' , this is the version to get . While the US dub is the one we 're most familiar with , it also loses something that has finally been re-installed for the States .
 The movie that put Mel Gibson on the radar screen , I know it 's all been said before , this is a great movie , no doubt about that , unless your ideal of a good movie is Love Story with your special someone , but before you dismiss this movie as being just a guy movie girls , let me tell you this is a love story gone bad , very bad.This is what causes Max to be Mad Max.I will also say that this movie is so good , that one of my dogs is named Max , after the character from this film.Now I do n't know if you want a special edition of this movie , but I have seen the original Aussie release before , and glad I have it now on DVD.So if your a fan of Mel Gibson , but your worried about this being a low budget movie , rest assured that this is a very good low budget movie.It 's not believable , but what movie really is.It 's dated , but what old movie is n't . But this movie stands out from all others in this genre.Buy it .
 I wo n't go into a review of the movie itself as there are many on here already . I knew the movie before buying it , liked it , which is why I bought it.This review is to let folks know about the Special Edition . For those of you looking for it , yes , this has the original Australian audio . It also happensto have the English dubbed version , just so you can remember what it was like being little and watching this on TV for the first time . Plenty ofextras and great quality , this made for an excellent ` guys night ' . One thing I never really figured out about these movies ... Mad Max does n't really seem especially ... mad . I mean , he 's mad , but I always thoughtmad was supposed to mean crazy . He 's not all that crazy . Makes for great alliteration though .
 This is probably Mel Gibson 's first film . A film he 's done while he was in his 20 's . There is no doubt that he would become a great star in his native Australia , but this film launched him as an international movie star . Especially since they released Mad Max 2 which was universally released as `` The Road Warrior . '' And `` The Road Warrior '' is one of my Top Ten favorite films of the 1980 's . Sure , Mad Max has some of that cheesy seventies style , but it definitely introduced us to a new kind of nameless hero which became the common theme of all upcoming action films even being made today . `` Mad Max '' is that one film , being over 30 years old , that can still be loved and cherished by people even less than 20 years old today . This film is a classic in the `` action hero '' dramas for movie lovers who enjoy building a respectable movie library amongst their own home theatre .
 I loved the Mad Max movies , the first one is pretty good if you have n't watched it in a long time.I 've never liked racing movies or high-speed pursuit movies except the Mad Max films ... it 's just good old-fashion action without slow-motion moments or re-hashed effects you see in modern movies.The movie has one thing I wished they changed-the legendary villian known as the Night Rider dies at the beginning of the film , yet throughout the film the biker gang he led honors his name deeply yet throughout the story you just do n't get to see what made the Night Rider so legendary.Overall a good film .
 Mel Gibson first got noticed in America through the 3 `` Mad Max '' films although this original never came to the U.S. until after `` Mad Max 2 '' or `` Road Warrior '' as it was known in the U. S. , screened . While that movie was a clich&eacute;d game changer , the original has its charm as well . Produced on a non-existent budget , this Australian film is set in a futuristic style of dust , poverty , lawlessness that we have now come to expect . The bad guys are just road marauders who exist to create havoc . The good guys are the cops -LRB- Mel -RRB- who are out to bring peace to the countryside . The movie is beautifully shot and directed , especially given the money they clearly did n't have . There 's no CGI here . All the stunts are real stunt men and the driving sequences are first rate . Sure there 's not much of a plot , but all hell breaks loose when Max comes back in the sequel . Stay tuned .
 I loved this movie and could n't wait for it to come out on blue . This is even better than the original US version because it has the original soundtrack which is awesome . Great movie , great soundtrack , who could want more ?
 Before The Fast and The Furious , Speed Racer , and all of today 's hybrid human/cgi rendered cars and blue screen chase sequences , there were films with real cars , real stuntmen , and Detroit gas guzzlers with Holly carburetors that made a lot of noise . Of these films , Mad Max and its follow-up , The Road Warrior , exemplifies the extinct breed known as muscle cars , or , in this instance , Australian muscle , mate!As a kid growing up , there was always something about the look of this film that turned me off
 What you 're looking at here -- or at least , the product I think I 'm writing this review for -- is the very first `` Mad Max , '' the one that put a young Mel Gibson on the map . The later one , though , `` Mad Max
 I wish I knew the name of the singer in the bar she looks like an ex-girlfriend ... Aloha-E
 Finally this thing has been enhanced for surround . It is about GD time !!! Lacks one star because Road Warrior takes it one step to the next level of high intensity . Interceptor motor kicks butt on the old surround sound rear channels too !
 A post-apocolyptic wasteland . Peace officers in hopped-up hotrods . Renegade bikers . What else does a film need to offer to be a five star masterpiece ?! One of GIbson 's earliest films , Mad Max continues to be one of his greatest achievements , both as a film and as a character . I give this film five big stars ! This is a must see film .
 It actually is n't Gibson 's first movie , he had a small role in one before Mad Max , but this is his first starring role , and the one that began his ascent into fame . Mad Max is set in Australia , in the near future . It has n't gotten as post-apocalyptic as Road Warrior and Beyond Thunderdome , but you get a definite feel of bleakness and of the apocalypse . What Mad Max is , is basically a car movie . But what a car movie . The cinematography is great -LRB- and at times dangerous for the camera operator -RRB- . As a dvd , the Special Edition is great -LRB- the reason I have n't bought Road Warrior is that I 'm hoping they 'll be releasing a special edition with the extras like contained on Mad Max -RRB- . The commentary track does n't have the director or Gibson , but it does have the DOP , Art Director , a film historian , and so on . They give a lot of great insight into the making of this film . There is also a ` trivia track ' which flashes up trivia during the film . It also will point out every continuity error in the film . One of the great highlights of the dvd is that it is the original Australian recording -LRB- though you can access the American dubbing , but I think that is more for showing what dubbing does rather than to watch -RRB- . There are a couple of featurettes and trailers . It 's really a good dvd . And a great movie .
 For a 1979 year of production , credit must be given for the excellent stunts - no computers ! This is my favourite in the Max trio , but sadly unavailable on DVD in Australia -LRB- go figure that out - we can buy the other two but not this one despite it being an Aussie film ! -RRB- . Thankfully a friend picked it up for me overseas , and what you will first notice is the superb picture quality ! But it was always a good picture qualuity actually - I have a video version too and that is outstanding quality . In fact , sometimes videos can be just as good qulaity as DVD 's . Enjoy this film , it will make you swirm , smile and think for three days after!I think I am the only person who enjoys this more than the second movie -LRB- Mad Max 11 , which is strangely titled ` Road Warrior '' overseas ! -RRB-
 This movie is must for any serious collector of Australian cinema or action movies . Apart from launching Mel Gison as an actor , and becoming one of the highlights of George Miller 's directing career , this movie clearly reveals that big budgets are not a necessary precondition for good movies.Mad Max is a superb blend of good acting and great cinematography that produce a movie which is far more credible as a depiction of a decaying world that most Hollywood productions.Most other reviews of this movie will tell you the plot , let me give you some advice
 When I first saw Mad Max in the cinema 's 20 years ago as a younger guy I was so impressed by the raw-ness of the film.The DVD I have has heightend this , particulaly in widescreen.Mel Gibson likened the character of Max to that of a card-board cut-out . I never looked at Mad Max like that . What i saw was a guy who was desperatly hanging onto the shreds of civility in a society that was becoming debased and uncivilised -LRB- one could liken it to living in Germany before the holocaust and coming out the other end -RRB- where security was insecure . Even Max wanted to quit Main Force Patrol because he likend himself to that of the gangs , where it was becoming increasingly impossible to distinquish between that which was good or bad . After Jim Goose and Max 's family have perished you see a side to him that many of us can relate to - vengence . When he confronts the murderers in the closing scenes it is not with joy that retribution is extracted but with a righteous anger against that which is evil . All in all Mad Max is the original . The Road Warrior and Beyond -LRB- eek !! -RRB- Thunderdoom become over-shadowed by the fact that Mad Max leaves them for dead in the smoke from His Interceptor .
 it has all the right ingredients
 Gone is the lip-syncing and the picture is clear and crisp . The sound has also been improved greatly .
 Wish I have a MAD MAX 2 DVD like this !! This is a great DVD , with the 2 versions on it !! the American dubbed version is a great wild cartooned movie . And when I hear the true Australian version ... the movie becomes more serious and real !! amazing . Some of my friends prefered the old dubbed version , but I prefered the 2 versions !! The Stereo sound of the engine of the yellow interceptor when Max is waiting for the knight Rider is superb . The image is the best , and this DVD have the choice to see the movie in 16:9 or in a 4:3 , wish all DVDs have this option when movies are filmed in wide screen . If you like Muscle Cars crashing , runing , etc. you must see this ...
 This is a lower budget film . The thing that makes this film memorable is that it was the first -LRB- or one of the first -RRB- movies with this theme . the thing that also makes it so good is that becides having crazy people causing violence -LRB- that guys like -RRB- it also has emotions . The feelings of rage and retaliation are understood by people watching.Many movies have tried to copy this film , but they failed . The main reason , I think , is because they focused on the violence part of it and forgot about writing thier films so people can agree with the feelings expressed by the main charictor.I think this movie is a low budget clasic .
 For those NaySayers that give this movie anything less than 4 stars , are you off your rocker ? This movie was put together for $ 100,000 , by ametuer actors and directors . It grossed $ 100 million worldwide in the last 30 years . It did this with few special effects , no computer graphics , no high paid superstar actors ... It did it with a compelling plot , convincing acting , great character development , we can identify with the characters and their motivations , awesome vehicles , car chases -LRB- some of the best ever on the big screen -RRB- and stunts and it scores and A for creativity , especially the ending ! Just thinking about it there are at least a few of the most amazing car chases ever , only to be outdone by RW . Aside from its sequel , The Road Warrior -LRB- which I would give 6 stars if possible -RRB- , it 's difficult to think of better post apocolypic or car chase movies that also have good acting and a real plot and character development . Can you even think of a cooler car than Max 's V8 ? The other yellow and blue police cars are also so sweet.As for this one and RW , they were copied countless times which is impressive to say the least . For the movies weaknesses
 ` Mad Max ' , an Australian flick and one of the very first movies to feature Mel Gibson has probably been seen by most people after they saw the two sequels , ` The Road Warrior ' and ` Mad Max , Beyond Thunderdome ' . This circumstance has probably lead to a lot of misunderstandings about the circumstances of the original ` Mad Max ' plot.Basicly , the story is about the failure of an organized system of justice , leading to a downward spiral of individual , outlaw revenge and retribution . Unlike the relatively new post-apocalyptic genres exemplified by the latter two movies , the issues of revenge are as old as the classic Greek playwrights , all the way up through Eugene O'Neill 's take on the old Greek story of revenge in ` Mourning Becomes Electra ' . There is but one little clue that this is a post nuclear war scenario . This is when we see a rusty and delapidated sign warning of a ` Forbidden Area ' . The only corroboration is the relatively poor condition of the sign over the entrance to the police station . Balanced against these minor visual clues is the spanking new sign over the door to the service station indicating that this is a licensed auto mechanic and the very clean and efficient looking hospital room and building.So , if there is any failure of civilization , it is largely metaphorical and seen in the failure of the constraints of lawful behavior to prevent a series of events based on unbridled libido and revenge.Of the ` Mad Max ' trilogy , the second , ` The Road Warrior ' is probably the best for many reasons , and it 's connection to our current subject is loose at best and it 's production values are far superior , but our original has an odd rawness about it which should not be confused with poor quality . TV stations would not be running this flick regularly if it did not have something special to offer.By far the most valuable currency offered up by ` Mad Max ' is the anxiety created for Max 's wife and child in the last third of the movie . The fear is about as raw as it comes , with an odd similarity , based on the crude cinematic technique all the way around , with the terror of the original ` Texas Chain Saw Massacre ' . The horror movie is much less artfully done and draws a lot of it 's impact from pure quantity of gore , but there is a strong sense that both movies gain from a lack of polish.Oddly , I think most of the juice in this movie comes less from Gibson 's performance as that of the heavies . Unlike Harrison Ford 's early appearances in ` Star Wars ' , for example , I see little of the promise which Gibson shows in the second and third films in this series.I will go out of my way to watch the second and third movies , but the first , this ` Mad Max ' is really something of a guilty pleasure which survives rewatching and grows in stature as time goes by .
 Much better in original Australian . American accents used in `` original US '' version coupled with Australian vernacular always sounded stupid to me .
 Some of our film loves do n't leave us and this is just as captivating as when I first saw it as a pup . That sparse , stunning cinematography and that beautiful , luminous outback light . I get homesick just watching it and I live on the same continent . Nah , you do n't NEED to suck on the Hollywood nipple . This is a bloody great film .
 Come on people ... If you liked the Lethal Weapon Series , you will enjoy the Mad Max Series . Remember that this film had almost no budget or high profile actors -LRB- at the time -RRB- , so the point is what a great film to launch a career with . Gibson rode the tail of these movies to being one of the most sought - after action stars of the era and used it to become a force in hollywood by making films he wanted and his way with few compromises . Watch and enjoy a great actor come into his own .
 Everyone has said it already . The bizzare atmosphere and characters , the mind blowing stunt work , the raw edge thrill of realism that only a low budget can supply ... this film is fantastic.I can not watch many movies over and over , but this one is a winner . Everytime I see it , the better it gets!As a consequence this is my favourite movie of all . Many other greats of cinema are in my top ten , but this beats my Hitchcock and Kubrick leanings by a mile ... Basically , do n't hesitate ... buy this DVD , it is a must have ...
 I first watched Mad Max on a cheap VHS copy . I already knew that the cult film had its audio dubbed over for American audiences , but I still cringed when I heard the actors voices . It was terrible ! And although I enjoyed the film -LRB- although not as much as its successors -RRB- the US dub made it feel extremely cheap . Well , with this new DVD release of the film , complete with original Australian dialogue , it felt like I was watching a brand new film ! You can switch between that track and the US dub for a good laugh . Also included on this disc are a Mel Gibson documentary , an interesting behind the scenes featurette and a great trivia track that displays fun facts about the film during key scenes . A great package .
 From all of the 3 movie it was the one that I 'd rated as O.K. movie . This is supposed to be a beginning of the Mad Max . Where it all started . And I did watch it because I was interested in the movie trilogy . It was n't too exciting to me , and I 've found the family of the Mad Max to be a boring thing . Just being honest . I predicted that something would happen to the Goose -LRB- a friend of Max -RRB- and his family . So maybe therefore . Also I know that it should have been in the movie as it was necessary to depict , but I did n't like what savages did to women , or men they 've found . So to be short it was okay to see . No overwhelming feelings .
 1 DVD Disc & 1 Blu-ray Disc , released October 5 , 2010 `` Mad Max '' was one of the first movies to come out of Australia that got huge attention around the world and began the career of a star , Mel Gibson . It is the story of Max , a police officer in a time where bandits and lawlessness runs rampant who tries to get away from it all after something happens to his partner only to have more bad guys go after his wife and child leaving him only one choice -- get bad ass and take them all out in a big car action scene.Now it has come to Blu-ray with a DVD combo . The DVD has two featurettes - one on Mel Gibson as the `` Birth of a Superstar '' and one on `` Mad Max
 Mel Gibson has made a career of playing Angry Mel -- an initially decent man who , having suddenly and violently lost what he holds most dear , gets royally pissed and goes on a vicious , vengeful rampage -- in movies from Lethal Weapon to Payback to The Patriot to Braveheart , but it all started with this one.Mad Max takes place in a dystopic future . Not the postapocalyptic wasteland of the later Mad Max movies , but a decaying , semiliterate society frighteningly close to our own . In this time motorcycle gangs , led by the sadistic , maniacal Toecutter , have taken over the roads of Australia , and the government -LRB- or what passes for the government -RRB- can barely manage to keep things just shy of anarchy.Only the Main Force Patrol -LRB- MFP -RRB- , the police force , stands in the way of the gangs . However , they are n't much better , for in their mad pursuit of their quarry , they tend to leave a trail of civilian casualties in their wake , and they seem far more concerned with the thrill of the chase than maintaining the peace.In this world the only things that matter are speed and quick reflexes . Whoever has those rules the roads . Those who have neither , on the other hand , usually end up as flaming wrecks on the side of the highway.Into this state of affairs enters Gibson as Max Rockatansky , the top Interceptor on the MFP , who , with his fun-loving partner Goose , daily takes to the roads to pursue the Toecutter 's gang . He seems to be a more decent sort than his fellow officers , hence more sensitive to the endless parade of horrors he sees on the job , but manages to hang on to his sanity thanks to his loving wife and young son . Of course this happy -LRB- ? -RRB- situation ca n't last , otherwise we would n't have a movie ... and you can guess what happens next.There are so many things to love about this movie
 In the not-too-distant future , the roads are ruled by anarchy . Gangs control the streets , destroying anything in their path and killing as they please . A rouge cop sets off on a suicide mission to take out these ruthless thugs after his wife and child are murdered out of spite by the gang leaders . As opposed to the over-the-top action that drove THE ROAD WARRIOR in the years to follow , MAD MAX is a much more character driven film , with all of the heart and soul that was missing from the subsequent sequels . Mel Gibson provides a powerful breakthrough performance as Max , a man pushed over the edge by hatred and grief . Director George Miller creates a series of dynamic chase sequences filled with incredible stunts and heart-racing suspense . While the film appears to be extremely graphic and violent , Miller tastefully implies the most horrific moments off-screen . In the most devastating sequence where Max 's family is run down by Toecutter and his gang , the camera focuses on the road just past the action , as the bikers speed past and a small shoe and ball sprawl across the pavement . The combined effect of George Miller 's fast-paced action , beautiful cinematography , and timeless revenge plot make MAD MAX one of the most exhilarating post-apocalyptic thrillers in the genre.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 A catalyst in the Contemporary Era revenge-actioner movement , this George Miller flick features a young , then-unknown Mel Gibson in only his second movie role , as top-cop Max Rockatansky . After a pursuit of Max 's ends in a fiery crash , killing the pursued -LRB- a biker named Nightrider -RRB- , he is targeted by motor-terrorists for the death of their fellow gang member . When Max goes on a vacation trip with his wife and their infant son , they are attacked by the malicious , vengeful mob , leaving Max a childless widower hungry for his own violent revenge -- and that 's exactly what he gets . Set in post-apocalyptic Australia , this film , made for a meager $ 400,000 , held the highest cost-profit ratio of any film in Hollywood history until 1999 , when Blair Witch surpassed its mark .
 Personally I loved Mad Max . To me and more than a few of my friends who were into bikes back then -LRB- 79 to 85 -RRB- Mad max along with Quadrophenia made us feel like we were badguys -LRB- hey we were young -RRB- . After watching Max and co young bikers across the UK attempted to emulate Max , Goose , Toecutter by being mean moody and more than a bit sad just as their predecessors had tried to emulate Marlon Brando -LRB- The Wild One -RRB- and Peter Fonda -LRB- Easy Rider -RRB- years before.The film although low budget is none the worse for that as it takes away some of the glitz that hollywood loves to throw into films and sometimes ruins by doing so -LRB- e.g. Thunderdsome Mad Max 3 -RRB- . The stunts are terific and the use of outback shots enhances the desolation the film seeks to portray . The acting is weak in some respects but the actors who portray ` the Goose ' and ` the Toecutter ' stand out even above Mel Gibson with performances that while believable are just the right side of over the top.The sound is excellent with good mood music work by Brian May . However in some places the speeded up driving and riding shots fail to work as well as they might . But in other areas the feel is just right e.g. Goose 's ride out the morning after his night of passion with the nightclub singer.Overall a real groundbreaker which has rarely been beaten and which will still be remembered in years to come as a classic of Aussie cinema .
 Saw this movie many years ago and decided it needed to join my collection . Despite the assless chaps and flagrant homo-erotcism it is still a fun to watch movie with lots of action . Its a snapshot of a different time and place in movie making a glance back in time as represented in the style of clothes the characters wear . A story of a cop pushed over the edge to vigilante vengeance , with the death of his partner and young wife and child . Set in a somewhat post apocalyptic time where law and order is a slippery concept at best . Sets the scene for a great series of movies .
 Mad Max is one of the best post-apocolyptic films of all time , exceeded only by a few films , including it 's own sequel -LRB- The Road Warrior or Mad Max 2 , depending on where you 're from -RRB- . Full of great stunts and plenty of action , this film influences to this day . This vesion includes a few extras which you will enjoy if you are a fan of the series .
 Would anyone have dubbed Alex from `` A Clockwork Orange '' just because he used a bizarre , otherwordly form of English ? Or how about the childish drawl of Forrest Gump or Brando 's slurred rasps in `` The Godfather ? '' Of course not ! They were integral parts of the characters , the settings , and the times of those films . So why , WHY were the distinctive , wonderful accents and slang of the Australian characters in the U.S. version of `` Mad Max '' dubbed over with , apparently , the voices of bland , Midwestern newscasters ? Did the film 's U.S. distributors think they 'd fool us ? That American audiences would hear Matt Lauer 's voice coming out of Mel Gibson as he raced across the deserts of the Australian outback and not think , `` Hey ! Those ` Americans ' are driving on the wrong side of the road ... and their steering wheels are on the wrong side , too !? `` Fortunately , this DVD resurrects the outstanding , original voices of the Australian actors and actresses , coming through , crisp and clear , in stereo , rather than the `` Hercules-in-New-York '' - ish mono of the American dubbing.If you 've seen `` Mad Max '' before , and hated it or even just thought it was so-so , take a chance on this DVD and see it again in `` Australian-English . '' It 's an almost totally different movie . Believe me -- I did n't particularly like it the first time I saw the dubbed , U.S. version , either . If you loved it , -LRB- pardon the cliche -RRB- see it again for the first time . You 'll be transported into the surreal world of Australian outback biker slang that George Miller intended . And , trust me -- Mel Gibson sounds a LOT better with his own voice than that of the mellow , sedating NPR commentator -LRB- I can only suppose -RRB- they found to dub him .
 The deterioration of society is the basis of the first Mad Max film . A dark vision of the near future , the film 's low budget works in its favour
 When this movie came out , it became the biggest Australian movie ever . It won awards all over the world , and was given an `` X '' rating for violence in France . Its American releasing company , American International , was concerned that American audiences would not understand the Australian accents and slang , so they dubbed it with English voices . Then the company folded and in the fallout , the movie wound up being released only as the bottom half of a double bill on 42nd st. in New York City . This dubbed version is what most Americans are familiar with and what is contained on this video.The story involves a highway cop in a world `` a few years from now ... '' where the roads have become dangerously violent . He worries that he is beginning to like the `` rat circus '' that the highways have become and goes on a vacation with his wife and baby . When his baby is killed and his wife turned into a vegetable by a biker attack , he puts his leathers back on and gets even , becomming ... Mad Max.On a symbolic level , this movie can be seen as saying today 's society is collapsing into a new dark age , much like the Roman Empire . The cops have become as violent as the outlaws
 A cult classic this , personally it 's an all time favourite but I know a lot of people who hate it . A plot that is the stuff of westerns , Mad Max is set in the desolate near-future where the police are fighting a losing battle against psychopathic bikers who wreak havoc on anyone they feel like . Even when arrested the law is virtually powerless to contain the thugs and they are generally released without charge . Super-cop Max keeps his cool , even when his best friend is murdered , but when they see off his wife and child Max decides enough is enough , heads out in his super-charged V8 Interceptor -LRB- one of the coolest cars in cinema history -RRB- , and embarks on a zero-tolerance one man campaign to wipe out the mad criminals . It 's this finale that is the films main asset - Max is mesmerising as he relentlessly mows down all the bikers without giving them any chance of redemption . But the entire film is a real treat , with a weird atmosphere and some truly bizarre scenes , most of which involve the crazy bad guys , especially hilarious main baddie Toecutter . Unfortunately though this terrible American print which I recently had the misfortune of seeing - or more appropriately , hearing - ruins the film . The dubbing is truly awful , turning the whole cast into ham actors , altering parts of the script and even in occasional instances , bizarrely , omitting some of the sound effects . Oddly , this print is also the one featured in the most recent UK video release . I must stress that the only way to fully appreciate Mad Max is to hunt down a copy featuring the original Australian soundtrack and , preferably , in Widescreen .
 Y' know , when I 'm in the mood to watch a good post-apocalypse movie with lotsa high-speed cars & ` cycles , and plenty of collisions & explosions , I just got ta turn to the original ` Mad Max ' to satiate my needs ! And the new DVD presentation of ` Mad Max ' does just that ! Not only do I get both the original Australian AND US-dub voice tracks , I also get a better picture than what I used to see on my now-well-worn VHS tape of the flick ! The picture is n't absolutely perfect , though , but this is more likely due to the quality of the original print than the quality of the transfer to DVD.Although I 'm happy to finally be able to view and hear ` Mad Max ' in its original Australian dialogue , I have a certain sense of nostalgia for the American dub as well , as it gives the flick more of a weird Godzilla-like style & cheesiness to it ! But if I had my ` druthers , I 'd take the original voice track . Why , you ask ? Well , there 's just something not quite right about an American-accented voice-over uttering `` strewth ! '' , you know ? But never the less , I have fun switching back and forth between the two tracks as I 'm watching . I 'm amazed by how well-synchronized they are -- I click from Aussie to Yankee & back , and I miss narry a word of the dialogue ! And yes , people , this IS my idea of a good time . Pretty sad , huh?Anyway , on to the special features . The commentary track contains the usual mix of anecdotes and behind-the-scenes memories that one has come to expect from movie commentary tracks . I was somewhat disappointed none of the four contributors was co-writer/director George Miller , but I guess I 'll just have to deal with it . Then there 's the trivia feature , which works somewhat like VH1 's Pop-Up music video in that it comes on the screen every several seconds with a new factoid about the flick . Many of the trivia tidbits cover the make & model of the various cars , trucks , and motorcycles that appear here , as well as letting the non-Aussie viewer in on some of the native lingo that 's heard here . Also mentioned are some of the technical aspects of particular scenes , as well as revealing where certain scenes were shot . Unfortunately , I 've read that some of the lingo & location trivia bits are incorrect . Which is something of a letdown , but at least I 've been given fair warning ... Also included are a couple of documentaries which cover the making of ` Mad Max ' as well as taking a look at the early days of Mel Gibson 's acting career . Like the commentary track , there 's plenty of amusing anecdotes and details about the more technical parts of the movie , especially the great crash & collision stunts that one sees throughout the flick . One of the BTS doc 's interviewees even refers to ` Mad Max ' as being `` porn for people who like fast cars '' because of all the high-velocity vehicles and stunts ! Now that 's a most unusual analogy if ever I saw -LRB- or , rather , heard -RRB- one ! Other neat momes include the fanboy who bought and restored Mad Max 's MFP Interceptor , and the prop that helped make the Toecutter 's eye-popping demise so memorable ! ` Late !
 How can you not love this cheesy low-budget film from down under ? Mel is great as Max , whose family is killed by a nomadic biker gang . The heartless and stone cold Max sets out bent on revenge , hence `` Mad '' Max . Violence is as plentiful as the high-octane chase scenes .
 If you do n't have Mad Max already , get it . When you do , see it for the fun , the violence , Mel - and then see it for the story construction . Mad Max is a classical and elegent heroic epic . The film is actually three films . The first focuses on the fall of Goose , Mad Max 's foil . The second is the fall of Mad Max , from family man to rogue samari . The third is Mad Max 's revenge . Road Warrior is good , but not as carefully constructed . However , Mad Max
 This film set the standard for Post apocalyptic violence ... Almost along the line of Kubric 's Clockwork Orange . The movie is unforgettable and launched Mel Gibson into the lime light . With a low budget they managed to come up with a very unique movie that was captivating and horrific . Many tried to cash in on copying this movie , but failed to capture its orignal spirit ... The Road Warrior was a decent sequel with a much higher budget ... It would recieve 5 stars , but the middle section of the movie is a bit sappy ... and dubbing over the Australian accents was a mistake .
 After watching Mad Max I did n't really know what to say , I mean the acting was pretty bad , but the action was great , there was n't really that much of a plot but it had good characters who tried to describe the plot.It was cool to see Mel Gibson in his first staring role.This movie 's fun .
 If you worry about how much you pay for gas , read this book ! END
 As so many other reviewers have stated , this is an excellent version of Mad Max . Excellent quality at a good price . Now if only the price of Road Warrior would drop , and if Thunderdome came out on Blu-ray , my collection would be complete .
 MAD MAX the special edition is a must have for 1 reason : THE ORIGINAL AUSTRALIAN LANGUAGE SOUNDTRACK . They should have released the movie with the original language NOT the English dubbed .
 After reading everybodies reviews , does anyone know if the DVD version `` Mad Max -LRB- 1980 -RRB- '' - is the american dubbed version or not ?
 This movie is the first of a series , it was made in and around Melbourne , Victoria Australia . The film was produced on a very small budget and showcases a number of Aussie stars , the most significant being Mel Gibson in the Title role . Although the storyline is good and simple , and the soundtrack was in Mono ... this movie still has all the elements of a good storyline and believable characters . If you can get the original version with the Australian accents , you will enjoy this movie for years to come . Mad Max is still the highest grossing movie in Australia -LRB- when compared to actual budget -RRB- . As an unashamed fan of the film I have even created a Windows Theme based on the film . END
 In the dystopian world of the future as seen through MAD MAX , the tough and crazy world we live in has become a lot rougher . Bandit gangs of motorcycle riders rule the roadways . They claim that anarchy and bedlam are the way to go . They steal cars , run over people , and rape women . The only thing stopping them from completely having their way is the Main Force Patrol -LRB- MFP -RRB- , the last embodiment of law and order in the land . Driving vehicles full of swift and speed the MFP is the last line of defense in a world gone mad . The best member of the MFP is one Max Rockatansky -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- a cool officer with nerves of steel , a heart of gold , and a jewel of a sense of humor . Max succeeds in killing more thugs and bringing in more criminals than anyone else on the patrol . But even Max has his limits . After the death of a notorious criminal known as the Nightrider -LRB- Vincent Gil -RRB- , his second-in-command takes over , Toecutter -LRB- Hugh Keays-Byrne -RRB- and vows revenge . First they kill Max 's partner and then they come for Max but kill his family instead . That puts Max over the edge and he does n't just get even , he gets mad . At the end he drives away in his Interceptor and the legend of the Road Warrior begins.MAD MAX will always be known as the film that made Mel Gibson an international star . Until THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT it was also known as the motion picture with the highest cost-to-profit ration
 I received this movie very fast and in great condition ! Thank you !
 Amazon did a great job on getting me the dvd that I purchased recently . It was very easy to order , pay , and receive my item making me a very happy customer .
 This is a strong , exciting story , built from lots of great parts . There 's Australia itself
 Mad Max was such a great film because they were always haveing high speed car chases and shooting at each other.The best was after Max wife and kid got killed he took that car and went out and killed the toecutter.My favourite scene was max told told that bloke to cut through his ankle . I SAY IT WAS A CLASSIC
 This is one of the greatest films ever made ! If you had to say this film is about -LSB- REVENGE -RSB- . The story line is great . This film is way better the Death Wish.Mel Gibson was a great actor for this role . The best part of film is when Mad Max drives about five insane bikers off a bridge.There were two seqels to this film . They are The Road Warrior and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome.But the first one is best . This is truley a Cult Classic .
 For a long time i 've been waiting for this dvd , it becames my way of life , i bought a CB750 and a F-100 V8 . These kind of vehicles really amaze me .
 ... have to say that 's so different ? Well , this film is n't the post-apocalyptic one that I was led to believe it is . Unless society is expected to have TV after a nuclear war , the second and third ones are the post-nuke war installments . This film has a great start , lonnng middle , and a great end . The action portions of the film are the beginning and the end , while the portions in the middle are more like melodrama . Big exception is that some `` Action '' scenes are more like `` Horror '' scenes , especially the two kids being assaulted in their fire-paint car . The film does have a low-budget feel , with some film cuts being repeated . The dubbing does n't help , though I thought I heard some Australian in the first chase scene -LSB- the crazy dude 's chick riding in the passenger seat -RSB- and in the TV anchorman . Some of the music also seems over the top , too . For all its faults , it succeeds as a whole , and worth watching if you like action films .
 This is one of the best films of Mel Gibson 's Career . Although it is quite violent there are great performances all round . It is by far the most realistic futuristic movie of its kind . If you do n't already own it you should !
 a great film the dialogue is crap but the film is great an outlaw gang of bikers set out to avenge the death of there leader Nightrider who was killed in a freak car accident the gang led by there new leader Toecutter set out to kill those responsible for his death Max and Goose the cops uphold the law they are just as fast and just as deadly as the bikers but when Goose is killed Max and his wife and kid flee to safety but the gang are just around the corner Toecutter and the group end up running over Jessie and the kid so Max freaks out and decides to take matters into his own hands and kills the bikers with a cool V8 Intercepter and in the end there is three bikers Bubba Zanetti Toecutter and Johnny The Boy Bubba shoots Max in the leg and runs over his arm then goes back to finish the job but gets shot of his bike Toecutter then burns rubber in an attempt to escape Max but he catches up and an 18 wheeler truck runs over Toecutter then Max catches up with Johnny The Boy and handcuffs his leg toa car and sets a petrol bomb and the end is predictable
 In the near furture , the high ways of tomorrow are no longer a safe place . Gangs of bikers and kamikaze lunatics roam the long stretches of road that populate the stretch of land known as the Austrailian outback . Mel Gibson soars as the tough futuristic cop Mad Max in this extreme action thriller that started it all . Amazing non-computerized stunts make this movie a treat to watch over and over again . After his wife is brutally murdered by an evil group of bikers , Max sets out on a crazed revenge , earning his heading `` Mad '' . Grinding action sequences and Gibson 's cool headed attitude make Han Solo look like second hand trash . Just like what Star Wars did for sci-fi , this movie revolutionized action movies for all time , setting the standard of today .
 Mad Max is a very good movie.It 's loaded with action , and it 's got a good -LRB- but kind of strange -RRB- musical score that really adds to the feel of the movie.The plot is pretty good.It takes place sometime in the future -LRB- at least from when the movie was made -RRB- in Australia.The highways of Australia have become very unsafe , with biker gangs running wild.Most of the film is about a very nasty gang , led by a crazy guy called the Toecutter , that is out for revenge on a cop named Max , who they blame for the death of their friend the Nightrider . -LRB- he died in a fiery crash toward the beginning of the film , after an excellent chase -RRB- After the gang kills Max 's wife and baby , he becomes the hunter , and the gang the hunted , and Max gets revenge in the end.This is a very good film , done on a very small budget.The only version I 've ever seen is the American , I would love to see the Australian Sometime.This movie is followed by an excellent -LRB- and bigger budget -RRB- sequal , The Road Warrior .
 Mel Gibson plays a cop who fights bikers and go insane and becomes a cool guy . Great for a movie of it 's time and budget . Lot 's of car chases for those of you who like them . Mel was great . That 's all I pretty much have to say so I give Mad Max * points to the four wheels on the V8 * four stars.PS , GOOSE LIVES !
 This is the first of the Mad Max trilogy and was widely touted as one of the early Australian films that came anywhere near contending with Hollywood at the box office . It is worth watching , even in the concededly awful dubbed over version , just to get the background to the later -LRB- and far superior -RRB- _ Road Warrior _ . In fact , _ Mad Max _ is so overshadowed by the second film in the series that it is sometimes difficult to see it as more than a prequel.This film does , however , stand by itself . The villains are actually far more sinister and psychotic than those in _ The Road Warrior _ , and the disintegration of society is more appalling . Here , Max is still striving to uphold law and order but is pushed into vigilantism as a part of the same inexorable decay.The final scene/encounter is a classic , and a great segue to the next film.Editing and continuity are just a bit off , and the dub over is distracting . But see this before moving on to _ The Road Warrior _ .
 Let 's go back ... way , way back.Back before the Jew-hating rants , the philandering , the ugly divorce and the numerous drunk driving charges.Back before the ugly ticking time bomb that star Mel Gibson has become now.Mad Max is Mel Gibson in his acting infancy and while it is very difficult at times to separate the actor and his career from the films , separate we must.Trained in the more traditional classical style of stage acting -LRB- Shakespeare , etc -RRB- Gibson had debuted in films in just one role in / 77 in Australia when he was offered the title role in Mad Max shortly after.Continuing working on the stage before , during and after shooting Max , Gibson , like everyone involved with the film including writer/director George Miller , were gobsmacked at the films impact.For just around a cool $ 1/2 million dollars , Millers ' independent film company produced what would become an extremely profitable product way beyond their expectations.In fact it has pulled in to date over a $ 100,000,000 ! Gibson 's career slowly lifted off the runway of mere acting mortals as he would go on to star in Gallipoli , The Year of Living Dangerously , the two sequels to Mad Max and then onto his Lethal Weapon series.And Gibson has n't seen ground since , although some say his recent `` problems '' have crash landed him unceremoniously back to terra firma permanently.We shall see.Mad Max 's premise may be a simple one but it has a certain je nais sais quoi , that draws you into the story and keeps you watching.Set in a future which is decidedly bleak -LRB- `` dystopian '' being the word often used -RRB- , the film opens with an escaping convict and cop-killer called Night Rider , that is being doggedly pursued by the constabulary , this being the MFP -LRB- Main Force Patrol -RRB- . Two MFP cars ca n't get the job done so it is up to their leather clad top pursuit man Max to get their man.And get him he does which ends with the convicts death in a fiery crash.The scene switches to a motorcycle gang which the now deceased Nightrider was a member of.The body of their former comrade is at a train station in a small town , which they are there to collect.However a young couple watching some of the mayhem some of the gang members are unleashing decide to make a run for it in their car.The gang 's boss man Toecutter -LRB- played delicously by Hugh Keays Burn -RRB- sees them and order all bodies to hunt them down.They easily overwhelm the couple and one member decides to stay behind and have some fun with the female of the two.He is caught later at the scene by Max and his partner Jim , alias The Goose -LRB- Steve Bisley -RRB- and taken to be arraigned on charges.No sooner have they got their man than they have to let him go ; no one turns out as a witness.The gang has a long memory and they eventually take out The Goose while he is trapped upside down in his vehicle as the result of a crash.Max is beside himself and he decides to retire.He turns in his resignation but his boss tells him to take some time off and then come back to reconsider.This he does with his wife and baby who go on an extended car trip around the countryside.While getting a tire fixed his wife goes to a nearby store to get some ice cream but its molested by none other than Toe Cutter and his gang.She barely escapes and they flee the area.They end up at a relatives farm but the gang has followed them there.While coming back from the beach through some woods Max 's wife is being chased and he hears her screams.She manages to reach Max who whisks her into the house while he goes in search of the perps.However they have done a runaround and are waiting at the farmhouse.Wifey flees but her car has been tampered with and as she runs away from her broken down vehicle , baby in arms , the motorcycle gang run her down in the middle of the road.Arriving at the scene too late Max is filled with rage.He returns home with one thing on his mind ; vengeance.He re-suits up , gets an even more jacked-up pursuit car and heads out to get his pound of flesh.He dispatches the gang members first in a group then he goes after the two important ones ; Toecutter and the guy who killed his partner ; in that order.Toecutter gets his kissing the front grill of a semi , while Max hand cuffs the other one to an overturned truck , dripping petrol.He rigs a little something up set to explode in a short time and gives him a hack saw.He tells him he can either cut through the hand cuffs in about ten minutes or saw his handcuffed ankle off , which should take about five -LRB- shades of `` Saw '' ! -RRB- . The last shot of the movie is from the front hood of the car looking back at Max and the scene behind as he drives away.Of course the inevitable explosion occurs with the audience yelling an in-tandem `` Yesss ! '' . But Max 's face is not smiling ; it 's full of angst , pain and the memories of the past 24 hours as he drives off to ... who knows where ? Fade out.As I mentioned before while this story may be simplistic at times , and while there are many moments that reveal its ' low budget roots , this a movie you just can not stop watching.Just when other lesser films would fade into some irrelevant love scene or other padding , this one has that hook that just wo n't let you walk away.You often wonder what is going to happen after such and such a moment and you may even KNOW what is going to happen , but it makes no difference.The film 's rawness and punch always keeps itself on track.There are no apologies here and some of the more violent scenes are what they are because they BELONG there.This DVD set comes packaged with the Blue Ray disc also.The Blue Ray is a single sided disc while the DVD version is a dreaded two-sided double disc , and is on the bottom holder of the two.One side contains the film , in TWO versions : widescreen -LRB- 2:35:1 -RRB- and full screen.The other side is devoted to features only.Specials include : commentary , a special Max Facts track , photo gallery , TV spots , original trailers and two featurettes , one on Gibson career and the other about the Mad Max phenomenon itself.The Blu Ray disc has only the film , commentary and the Mad max phenom featurette.The film itself has restored Gibsons voice which was dubbed over in later versions and some cut footage.It now runs closer to 91 minutes than the previous 88 . The transfer is beautiful and the print they use here is pristine.This is Mad Max they way it was always intended to be shown.In short this career starting , adrenaline pumping Mel Gibson vehicle from / 79 is a winner all the way.Sure it 's an indie film and shows its ' slip more times than not but its ' compelling storyline will have you riveted to the screen from beginning to the end.As the first of three Mad Max films -LRB- a fourth is said to be in the works ! -RRB- , it is a must have .
 This does have the original aussie voices . It is much better than the dubbed vesion .
 If you own this movie and have this version of it , then I 'm sure you have n't even checked to see if the old US dubbed version of the dialog is included , because it was awful ! well if you 're like me , and you love this movie dearly as I do , then you have seen it countless times and know all the dialog , well here 's the catch of my review of this version , the original version ! Watch it on normal until the scene in the wreaking yard then change the sound to the US dialog , it is arguably the funniest thing ever to exist , that US dubbed dialog on that scene ! The voice of the grease rat yard worker makes me cry with hysterical laughter every time I hear it , and if you love this movie as much as I do , you may want to get this version for the great original sound track of dialog and even the humorous aspects of the US dub!The Special features are great , too ! Kind of a heart breaker to hear the truth behind the scenes , but it 's still wicked and worth every penny , Not to mention it 's the greatest movie ever to exist and will never be dethroned !
 Perhaps the only true Mad Max Movie and the one that makes the most sense -LRB- Or not ? -RRB- good acting by Mel , Great Action and Cool Vehicles . Compared to what comes later in this franchise it actually makes sense in retrospect .
 April 12 , 2009 will mark the 30th anniversary of the Australian release of this film , which was later released in the US during the summer of 1980 . Being nine years wiser since my original review posting to this website , I still ca n't understand why some one -LRB- perhaps George Miller himself -RRB- does n't produce an uncut , definitive version of this film on DVD . However , since we 're talking about a 30 year old film , personal priorities and what 's happening in the world itself , perhaps there 's no interest anymore in classic cult cinema . I sit here typing this message today while watching my DVD version of the film knowing that filmmakers are bound by certain rules when putting stories to film . However , one can hope and dream ... ca n't they . Here 's a hyperlink to a website that speaks to those cut scences I told about in my original 1999 posting
 That 's where it all started . In Australia and nowhere else . And I must say that landscape is impressive . It was science fiction at the time and it no longer is . In spite of all , we have grown into that kind of frantic frenzy , criminally biased and with no one to stop them . We are today speaking , and have been for a while , of a new criminal organization , a new mafia , a new gangsterism and it has come not to the desert but to our cities , to our suburban areas . These new criminals do not want power , control , or even influence . They just want to make money and to get the thrill of absolute fear around them , no matter what thrill actually , but the thrill of robbing , killing , blowing up . They have no political motivations like in the late 60s and early 70s . They just want to feel blood on their hands and smell powder in their nostrils . They are not even well organized as money making criminals . They take tremendous risks and do n't even hide their tracks . Being run after by the cops is fun and they can kill one from time to time , a pregnant young female cop if possible . We have fully entered the modern criminal urban civil war and we better move our heads and rake our brains if we do not want them to take over whole neighborhoods where the law is going to be their law . That 's exactly what Mad Max is showing and demonstrating . That 's our future , that 's already our present . If you do n't believe it just check with Grenoble in the Alps or wherever there has been an `` incident '' -LRB- it should be called an ambush or a battle -RRB- of that type . What 's more Mel Gibson had seen that the good ones in our society , those who have authority will most of them decide that it is going against the human rights of these new criminals if we want to shoot them when they have a bullet proof vest on and a heavy automatic gun in their hands . Some in the press even believe you must - not should , mind you - ask them for permission before shooting at them , and they no longer use light guns . They use heavy military weapons . Some even call themselves the barbarians of the latter days and one of these gangs -LRB- all the members are in prison right now -RRB- tortured a young Jew to death over several days just because he was a Jew , and the leader of the gang managed to go back to his homeland in Africa to find refuge , which he luckily did not find because he was extradited back to France and what tried for his crime . There is only one way with these
 This is Mel Gibson 's first starring movie role and he took the world by storm . This movie was a perfect vehicle to launch Mel 's career . It gave him a chance to play the hansome hero with a full range of emotions -LRB- which he pulls off quite well -RRB- . If it were n't for Gibson this movie would n't be anywhere near as good . Sure you get some good supporting actors , but lets face it . This movie is about Max , and Max has to carry the story.This is a low budget but excellent movie.There is certain scenes in this movie which you play over and over , like the scene when Max saw his black car.The crash at the start of the movie is awsome.I hate it when his wife and kid gets killed , but when he goes after the bikes and kills them , it realy gets to you.While Mad Max 2 is my personal favorite of the 3 movies , this is a close second .
 Mad Max is a interesting little piece of movie history . While the script is n't all that compelling and the movie itself is obviously in the low budget arena Mad Max still stands out . Why ? Because the movie for one does n't try to be more than what it is . It 's about fast moving vehicles and the heroes/villians who ride them . Move just a step above that and you get character development from both sides . Not much beyond that , but again the movie does n't pretend to have more.This is Mel Gibson 's first starring movie role and he took the world by storm . This movie was a perfect vehicle to launch Mel 's career . It gave him a chance to play the hansome hero with a full range of emotions -LRB- which he pulls off quite well -RRB- . If it were n't for Gibson this movie would n't be anywhere near as good . Sure you get some good supporting actors , but lets face it . This movie is about Max , and Max has to carry the story.The supporting cast for Mel is n't just the actors , but the vehicles as well . The police in this destopic future ride in fast interceptor cars . The bad guys are a nomad bike gang riding in various motor bikes . Max gets a really sweet car that becomes his trademark in not just this movie but the sequel as well . The cars definitely have character and the way they are filmed shows it . The chase scenes are fast and furious . No speeding up the cameras to make it look fast here . This is the sort of excitement the movie excels at.My only complaint is that Mad Max ends up just being a series of events that happen one after the other . The tie ins are sparse and the script is weak because of it . Then again this is n't Gone with the Wind . Still I have to at least mention it.This DVD is a must have for any MM fans . Not only do you get the American released english version , but you also get the original Australian dub . Of the two the original comes out on top . Not because the `` American '' dub is bad . It 's actually pretty good in the sense that the voice actors did a good job of it . The problem is the American version was done in mono and you do n't get nearly as much environmental sounds and background noises as you do in the original . Also the Aussie dub is in stereo , which beats out mono anyday.The DVD also comes with a couple featurettes that really hit home for the fans . One is more about Gibson and one is more about the movie . Both are very informative documentaries . I think even longstanding fans of Mad Max would find some new info in these.To be honest Mad Max is not for everyone . If you demand blockbuster budget Hollywood style movies this is n't it . If you demand high art or deep stories you wo n't get it here either . However if you can get into a low budget movie that did one heck of a job in the car chasing department or are a fan of Mel Gibson then this is the movie for you .
 `` Mad Max '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- is a remarkable sci-fi actioner starring Mel Gibson , fresh from Sydney 's National Institute of Dramatic Arts , and directed by George Miller , a film buff with film school training . Gibson plays Max Rockatansky , a loner cop patrolling a post-apocalyptic Australia . The highways have become the arena for death games between nomad bikers and cops like Max , along with his partner , Goose -LRB- Steve Bisely -RRB- . Enter the Nightrider -LRB- Vince Gil -RRB- , a vicious biker escaping custody . He has just stolen a car from the Main Force Patrol -LRB- MFP -RRB- headquarters . A road chase between Max and the Nightrider results in the death of the latter . Unbeknownst to Max , Nightrider 's buddys come to town to seek revenge . They are headed by a demented lunatic named Toecutter -LRB- Hugh Keays-Byrne -RRB- . His followers are the mysterious Bubba Zanetti , the drug-addled Johnny the Boy -LRB- Nightrider 's replacement ; not yet a full member -RRB- , and psychopathic rapists/homosexuals Mudguts , Cundalini , Starbuck , and Diabando . Whilst seeking vengeance upon Max , they wreak much havok along the way . This includes an assault on a young couple , and the slaying of Goose . A horrified Max quits the force , and takes his wife , Jessie -LRB- Joanne Samuel -RRB- , and their baby Sprog , on a much-needed vacation . Unfortunately , Jessie is almost raped by the Toecutter and his gang , but she does n't tell Max what happened . Rather , the Toecutter gang catches up with them and viciously murders Jessie and Sprog , leaving Max with no choice but to embark on an explosive path of vengeance upon his tormentors . The biker gang is completely without empathy , except for Johnny the Boy , who became a full gang member only after reluctantly setting Goose on fire . The Toecutter is perhaps the creepiest , nastiest villain to ever grace the screen , while Bubba Zanetti epitomizes the ruthless killing-machine whose mission to destroy Max . The other bikers are no less sadistic than the Toecutter . The movie works mostly because of Gibson 's performance as the damaged hero , Max . It also features great effects and remarkable stunts , and spawned an even more successful sequel , The Road Warrior -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . Overall , a very good action film . Only quibble
 This film is actually pretty good . If you label it as science fiction , you are missing the point - it 's not . It is a comic book-style adventure film with some violence thrown in . Do n't be scared off by the violence , it is no where near as violent as some of the movies out today ! Some nice stunts with some cool cars and a bit of plot thrown in . But it all works ! Parts tend to drag near the end , but only for a few minutes , and its right back to the action . It is basically a revenge story , but its quirks really make it work . It is just different from other movies of the same ilk . I particularly like the characters ' comic book style looks and action , and the screen wipes help make the movie seem more like an old fashioned style serial . Worth watching if you like Mel , cars , or action . I did n't hear a whole lot of difference between the American dubbed version and the Australian version , except for a few minor dialogue changes . -LRB- I too agree with the reviewer that the chatter over Goose 's radio was more interesting on the American version . `` C'mon Goose ! Where are you ? '' -RRB-
 Mad Max is certainly not a movie for everybody especially not your Saturday night date but it has proved to be an excellent guy movie and it sucks that the good ol' USA had it dubbed , edited or how ` bout butchered . The dubbed American version has however grown on many of us and is certainly an excellent action/horror/western / biker movie . This version will probably always be available but if you ever have a chance to see the original or even own it , you are in for a true delight . The Aussie dialogue is not as difficult as `` A Clockwork Orange '' but can be hard to understand at times but you get what they are saying . Also , there are several key sequences that were edited that adds to the tension -LRB- hence forth the horror genre -RRB- . Although , some would disagree , a director 's cut is certainly deserved to this cult classic , one that restores the the original sounds and lost -LRB- ? -RRB- edited scenes . MAD MAX is definitely a high energy movie that every guy should own . There is real movie magic at work here while still displaying an artistic approach -LRB- an angle rarely explored in action movies of years since its premier . -RRB-
 Mad Max is set in a world sometime in the future , where society as we know it has crumbled close to barbaric proportions . Ruthless Biker gangs wreak havoc and mayhem , with only a small scattering of pursuit special police to stand up against them . Mel Gibson -LRB- in his second feature film -RRB- plays Max Rockachansky , a cop who wants to quit the road , but is drawn back in when his family is slaughtered . Having grown up in the country of this movies origin , I was always going to approach this particular title with some doubt . Mostly due to fact that the dialogue for Mad Max in Australia remains untouched , unlike the US where it has been dubbed . But surprisingly enough , I found myself drawn in , mostly because the dubbed dialogue is the same as the original script , with maybe some Australian terminology removed in a few spots , plus changes and additions of new dialogue when the face or mouth of characters are not in the camera shot . So mouth flap is well accounted for , but the dub occasionally stands out like a sore thumb . An example is when Jim Goose -LRB- Steve Bisley -RRB- is in the cafe at the start , speaking with his mouth full . About 98 % of the dialogue is still there , which leads me to ask , `` Why did they dub it ? '' . And more importantly , `` Why have they not released a DVD version with the original actors voices , given the success of one particular actor ? '' . In any event , the movie , dubbed or otherwise , is still a top actioner . I give a full five stars to the original version .
 Good news folks . I read that the origanal version of Mad Max is being releast . First to the big screen , than on DVD . So I would wait , if I were you .
 This movie sets up the stage for what is to later become Mad Max 2
 I 've seen Mad Max dozens of times , but after watching the new SE DVD it was like watching it again for the very first time ! That is not an exaggeration . The new DVD offers the choice of the poorly dubbed US soundtrack or the original Australian soundtrack . Watch the original track ! The pacing of the film changes entirely , as do the characters . The original soundtrack breathes new life into this film.The features are great , there 's a trivia track that pops up info about the production , cars , and Aussie slang terms used as you watch it , 2 documentaries , TV spots , theater trailer , and more.The print is fabulous , and it turns out this is a film you really need to see in widescreen . Having seen it both ways now I can tell you that the pan & scanned version misses a lot of the stuntwork and chase scene action . If you 've seen this movie in the past and thought , ` It was OK ' this new DVD will have you saying , ` It was great ! '
 I remember seeing `` Mad Max '' in the spring of 1980 . Now this was the days before multiplexes . `` Mad Max '' was distributed by American International Pictures , Samuel Z. Arkoff 's outfit whose forte was drive-in fare i.e. Grade B action and horror films . I was seventeen at the time and the way this film was promoted was appealing to me . The TV commercials were full of car chases and fast action . When I saw the film naturally it was a real rush . It did n't disappoint in the action department and the good guys were good and the bad guys were vile . Something seemed a little off to me , though . The landscape did n't look like anything that I was familiar with in America . The speaking parts seemed a little off even though they were distinguishable American accents . One of actresses in a minor role , Sheila Florence -LRB- May -RRB- was familiar to me from a popular Australian women 's prison soap-opera from that time , `` Prisoners of Cell-Block H '' . Never mind . If this film was reviewed at all it was generally dismissed as exploitation trash . I forgot about this film completely until I read a review of it in `` Time '' magazine , I think it was Richard Schickel , a couple months later extolling the virtues of this high-octane action thrill-ride . The next I heard of Mel Gibson he was appearing in the highly praised `` Gallipoli '' this time speaking in an Australian accent . Summer of 1982 , `` The Road Warrior '' -LRB- or `` Mad Max 2 '' as it was known overseas -RRB- was released to better box office and critical acceptance . Home video was breaking at that time and both `` Road Warrior '' and it 's lesser received original were released around the same time . The legend continued to grow . I watched `` Mad Max '' numerous times over the years and always enjoyed it but those bogus accents were always a detriment even as Mel Gibson 's celebrity continued to grow . I 'd watch it and try to imagine what it should sound like by inserting in my mind Mel Gibson 's actual voice instead of that lame dubbed voice . Now , finally , we have the version that should have been available all along , `` Mad Max '' in all it 's down-under glory . For those who do n't remember the original `` American-version '' of `` Mad Max '' do n't even bother to seek it out . I do n't feel the least bit nostalgic for it . This is the `` Mad Max '' that should have been available all along and we can leave the old `` Max '' to the garbage heap .
 Right off the bat , I want everyone who reads this review to know that Mad Max Special Edition contains the original Australian language track.I was mislead by another review , it said that MGM 's Mad Max Special Edition did n't have the original track , but the old discontinued Orion version of Mad Max did . Well , that was false information , because after all the time , effort , and money it took to track down that elusive version , it turned out to only play in the US Dubbed English Language track ! So disregard the information in that review and buy this one.PROS
 To his feral state . Yes , I 'm aware of the feral child character in Road Warrior but in Mad Max we see the beginning of this imagined society 's serious decline . It 's rather humorous that a film that seems so low budget to us today can be as entertaining and riveting as this one is . Watching this now , for the fourth or fifth time , I have to say that this very young Mel Gibson , did he not already possess a legitimate level of talent , would not have been so believable in this role due to his physical appearance . His polish and chiseled features really do n't fit in amid the band of miscreants that is the cast , but we soon forget our initial impressions due to his performance . The people in Mad Max are far closer to man 's actual state than most of us care to admit . The audience can completely relate to Max 's reaction at the end of the film and we cheer for him and long to press our feet even more heavily upon the accelerator .
 when i bought mad max -LRB- eu edition -RRB- it had no extras the sound was 1.0 dolby that was it but complete original soundtrack , then in the US a version was brought out with Aussi sound 5.1 and a documentary so i bought this one aswell , when viewing the movie i soon found out that the soundtrack is not complete , for instance in the opening chase going after the nightrider the guy in the interceptor eventualy says 'm gona ram him he repeats this many times , &iacute; only heard it twice in the US edition , but still the US editon comes with many more extras
 wide screen dvd is just amazing and the low price dvd comes with a lot of extras . . well worth it .
 George Miller 's first entry in the three part series helped boost Gibson to stardom , and showed Hollywood a thing or two about making an explosive action flick on a shoestring budget . The bleak , desolate near-future is intriguingly rendered
 I remember sneaking into the Forum Theatre in Melbourne as a kid to see this gem -LRB- R rated -RRB- . It is still as good today on the big plasma as back then . The boys come over and watch it every AFL Grand Final day . Glad to see they released this in the States with the original soundtrack . You will be amused to know we in Australia specially purchased your old version to see how it was dubbed . Pretty funny stuff seeing as Mel has a bit of an American accent in the film anyway . Love how it is all shot around where we live in Melbourne . If you liked this , check out Odd Angry Shot , another film not to be missed
 Enjoyed the movie , I can see why it gave Mel Gibson 's career a boost
 This is just about my favorite movie and has been for some time . It 's the classic tale of vengance to a bunch of people who were quite deserving of the medicine they got!I do agree - the english dubbing did n't help this movie at all , the aussie version 's so much better .
 This exciting futurist thriller tells us about a wild bunch permeated and invaded by a genetic wildness , they are the equivalent to a deadly plague , they rape , and demolish everything they want without any drop of scruples.The script gradually will increase of violence level , a couple first , then the best friend of Max and finally in the famous sequence of the merciless attack on his wife and kid . From that moment the thirst of vengeance will assume human form . And the visual sequences of high level physical and visual violence will burn at your eyes . This movie and Straw dogs are to my mind the only two films of this genre worthy of remark through the period 1968-1979 . An anthological film from Australia , the great launching of Mel Gibson and George Miller , that reached instantaneously a status level . This is by far , the best sequel of the future saga .
 George Miller launched Mel Gibson 's career in this low-budget film about a solo cop who 's out for justice after his partner and family are killed by ruffians . Although the film doens ' t have the explicit apocalyptic theme and plot of its sequel , this film has plenty of high-speed chases and tension to keep the audience entertained.Mad Max -LRB- Gibson -RRB- is one of a few cops in a small town being ravaged by a motorcyle gang . After several tragedies , Mad Max is left alone is swears to exact vengeance on the gang of outlaws.Again , the film is n't too clear about its setting
 Did you know tht Mel Gibson was born in New York ? True story .
 The Australian dialog was dubbed because it was believed by the director that the Aussie dialog would n't be understood by American audiences . This is by far the best of the trilolgy . The leader of the motorcycle gang is absolutely frightening . I think the dubbing and the orchestrated soundtrack actually ADDS to the ` alien ' feel of the movie . We are watching cultural shock where ANYTHING goes , and it keeps you on edge throughout the movie . FOUR stars ONLY because it does n't include the original Australian dialog . The sequels are wannabes and do n't deserve a SINGLE star .
 i think it 's the best film ever ! YOU WONT REGRET BUYING THIS !!
 3 Fat Chicks on a Diet
 Mad Max is one of my favorite movies , the acting , the plot , the script , the effects for that time were excellent . With no doubt , the movie that inspired this genre , specially for it 's low budget .
 This film will give those who never thought much of Australian films either more fuel for the fire or a wake up call . This is a classic and I suppose there are some who would call it a cult film , but it is full of intense performances and whilst not science fiction , it does have an otherwordly quality to it . Forget Mel Gibson is in it - watch this film for its own brand of drama , revenge , thrills , action and good old fashioned mean-heartedness . If you think about it , the plot for this film was recycled for ` Gladiator ' , which was another breakthrough film for an actor from the Aussie part of the world . Buy and enjoy this distinctive film on DVD , with a healthy and worthwhile dose of extras .
 I like the _ Mad Max _ series , but I think the two sequels are better movies than this one.It 's not that it 's _ bad _ . It 's just that it consists mostly of an hour and a half of atmosphere . Another film would have had this entire plot take place in the first half-hour and gone on from there.The idea -- a postapocalyptic mood piece set in the Australian Outback -- is wonderful , and naturally enough the scenery is gorgeous . And considering the shoestring the movie must have been made on , it 's very good . It 's just not much fun to watch twice , because it takes so bleedin ' long for anything to _ happen _ . The best thing about it is the young Mel Gibson , who perfected the likeable-handsome-lug persona a generation ahead of George Clooney and who plays Max with just the right combination of rogueish charm and leonine ferocity . When he finally _ does _ go ` mad ' , his puckish humor evaporates and he burns like a slow and deadly fire.The rest of the cast does well too -- and having previously owned this film on VHS , I 'm glad that the DVD special edition includes the original voices . The thick Strine may be a little hard for U.S. audiences to follow at first , but once you pick up the wavelength you wo n't have any trouble . -LRB- Besides , the old U.S. dubbed version is available as an option . -RRB- Anyway , as a longtime SF geek and an avid devourer of postapocalytpic films and novels , I really like the atmosphere and the concept of this movie . I just have a hard time watching it too many times close together . For that , I prefer the two sequels.But this one is still worth watching , and owning , for the story it tells -- the mythical tale of the birth of one of modern cinematography 's great heroes/antiheroes .
 Bought for my BF . He really loves Mad Max . Figured I 'd just go with the blueray-DVD combo since the price was n't bad .
 This is how the hole thing got its start . Young Mel Gibson in one of his first big roles on his way to the big screen . Great job .
 boought off of wish list . sure he will like it . Glad I had help with my present for this person
 the nr 1 ever , former movie to all good car and action movies > ! and cheap to ! so run and buy suckers !
 This movie - produced on a shoe-string budget - is a CLASSIC !!! This blu-ray presentation is very good , but not reference quality -LRB- keeping in mind the video technology available back in 1979 ... -RRB- .
 i agree with the sentiment that an australian version is necessary . that 's why its down a notch from five . that would be like dubbing lock stock and two smoking barrels . anyway , onto the film ... some may call it a standard action/revenge movie , but i would say it has some elements that elevate it from the norm . its a very bizarre and disturbing film , which to me is a strong point . most characters driven by revenge usually end up sad , they brood , then just set out for revenge . But here max is truly broken , insane not in a wild sense but almost emotionless . he has completely snapped and deserves the title of Mad Max . and to those who have n't seen it SPOILERS AHEAD if you do n't want to know ... just had to throw it in there ... the fact that only his child his killed , his wife is still in critical condition when he breaks off into revenge adds to it . all the more unsettling that way . you have to love DVDs for their tendency toward widescreen . it adds to the experiance . the image is crystal clear and if only they could throw on the original dialogue track ... i 'd have a definitave version .
 in this first mad max movie mel gibson -LRB- looking very young -RRB- is a cop in the near future where war and crime is pushing the world into a new and deadly dark age . motercycle gangs roam the road ways and sack and pillage everything they can get their hands on ! after several run ins with them , max sends his wife and child away to protect them , only to have the gang find them and kill them in a most unpleseant way . now max , half mad , sets out to kill them all , at any cost!while not as great as the road warrior , this is a dandy little revenge movie and has some great stunt driving ! this sets up the reason why max is so cold and mean in the road warrior and it makes the road warrior that much better if you see this one first.the transfer is great and the use of the non dubed soundtrack helps make this one you need ! check it out !!!
 Mad Max is The Greatest Movie For ALL time , , A Riveting Classic , I 've watched it many times , I Ca n't get this Movie Outta my mind . . I have the Special Edition dvd . 't is a well done . . Go Get it : -RRB-
 If you did not know it starred a very young Mel Gibson , you would have never believed that it was really him . This movie was a really good revenge movie . The only problem I had with it was trying to make out what was being said . It is done in `` Australian language '' and , though it is basically English , the accents of most except for Mel Gibson 's character are so strong that you really have to over-listen to try and figure out what is being said . Other than that , the movie was a good movie and the crash scenes were fantastic for the era in which it was made . I only wish I could have understood what everyone was saying without straining in order to get even half of the dialogue . But , it is a movie well worth viewing .
 a great film the dialogue is crap but the film is great an outlaw gang of bikers set out to avenge the death of there leader Nightrider who was killed in a freak car accident the gang led by there new leader Toecutter set out to kill those responsible for his death Max and Goose the cops uphold the law they are just as fast and just as deadly as the bikers but when Goose is killed Max and his wife and kid flee to safety but the gang are just around the corner Toecutter and the group end up running over Jessie and the kid so Max freaks out and decides to take matters into his own hands and kills the bikers with a cool V8 Intercepter and in the end there is three bikers Bubba Zanetti Toecutter and Johnny The Boy Bubba shoots Max in the leg and runs over his arm then goes back to finish the job but gets shot of his bike Toecutter then burns rubber in an attempt to escape Max but he catches up and an 18 wheeler truck runs over Toecutter then Max catches up with Johnny The Boy and handcuffs his leg toa car and sets a petrol bomb and the end is predictable
 I have loved this movie since first time seeing it excelent quality
 As Bob Denver , for all practical purposes , became `` Gilligan , '' in real life -- as Frances Bouvier became `` Aunt Bea , '' and Bob Keeshan `` Captain Kangaroo '' -- the young and beautiful Melvin Gibson , in this earliest of roles , was incredibly , unbelievably fortunate to avoid career-long typecasting as nothing but a cheesecake , eye-candy , silver-screen pretty-boy . This fine debut film , in which Melvin Gibson had to do little more than look extremely nice , exude male lusciousness and wear tight leather pants , came dangerously close to relegating him to Fabio status , committing him to a relatively brief film future of appearance-only , stand-and-model roles in subsequent movies . However , the overwhelming power of Melvin 's acting talent -LRB- facial expressions , talking , walking , and driving vehicles -RRB- -- the raw guts of thespian talent and drive -- managed to save him from a perpetuation of calendar pin-up roles , catapulting him to an infinitely higher plane of cinematic accomplishment than is accessible by a mere male model -LRB- see Bird On A Wire , The River , Lethal Weapon VII , etc , Melvin 's list is literally endless -RRB- . It was that determination which wrenched Melvin Gibson out of the male-model mold and elevated him to Oscar quality . Think of Gomer and Goober Pyle , of Herman Munster , Dan Rather and Sheila Jackson Lee ... and see how intertwined , how enmeshed , how tied up those actors became with their roles . Melvin Gibson was lucky to avoid the same sort of typecasting that severely restricted the careers of these unfortunate folks , and would have condemned him to being known for the rest of his life as nothing but a darn good looking hunk of meat -LRB- as they say -RRB- . We all knew Goober Pyle -- and we can all say for a definite fact that Melvin Gibson -LRB- Mad Max -RRB- is no Goober Pyle .
 Anyone intelligent enough to `` get '' this movie is capable of understanding the Austrailian version . We have moved beyond the need for Americanizing films , which tend to water-down the original intent and flavor of the director/creators vision . This movie , for me , is more relevent today than it was when it was filmed . In this part of America , especially in small town rural areas , you can almost get the feeling that we are living in this future . Many people in the midwest scrounge and save their meager earnings to be able to afford to fill their gas tanks just so they can drive to their jobsite . The desolation of the area in which the movie was filmed makes this movie eerily believable and I often am reminded of the look and feel of the film when driving through some small midwest American `` ghost-towns '' . In spite of the realism this motion picture is still high escapism , which for me is the point of watching movies . I 'll watch this one over and over .
 Yeah you heard me . I am the Night Rider . Mad Max is a brilliant movie of a post apolytic cop who is driven mad , especially when he seeks revenge on Toe Cutter and his Glory Riders . They get his best friend , his wife , and his sanity.Gibson is brilliant as Max , you girls will love the leather pants . And if you think its wacky , remember this is Australia , mate . *****
 Excellent to watch with the original Australian audio track and with the road rants trivia . Now , where 's the `` Humongous '' edition of The Road Warrior ? This movie needs a serious DVD Special Edition !!
 As an Aussie who saw this as a boy way back in 1980 I am saddened and dumbfounded to find that this was ever the victim of pathetic overdubs into US speak from the original Australian , as though this helped the film in any way ? Was the premise that Americans are so jingoistic that they are n't capable of understanding English spoken by Australians , or simply that Americans only want to hear themselves ? In any case this is a classic Aussie film back in the days when Mel Gibson considered himself an Aussie and was seen by Aussies to be an Australian.I wo n't harp on about the plot because other reviewers have done the plot to death . This film was shot in South Australia and the many brilliant and genius techniques for filming the amazing road scenes were developed by the Australian Director of this movie , later to be adopted by film makers the world over . Anybody who does n't understand that this movie is the BEST of the series has missed the point of MAD MAX as far as I 'm concerned . I 'm sure Aussies and Kiwi 's alike understand the superb grittyness which has the stamp of Australian and New Zealand -LRB- Once Were Warriors -RRB- film making all over it without losing all the best features of great film making to HOLLYWOODISM ... MAD MAX 2 was also a good film but Thunderdome became too Hollywood for my money and sadly does n't do justice to the series like the original . I almost feel sorry for people who thought this was n't ans Australian film ... it 's like thinking `` Gone with the Wind '' was Canadian and sticking `` eh '' on the end of `` Quite frankly I do n't give a damn -LRB- eh ? -RRB- , talk about inappropriatsville ! This is the the ONLY version worth watching ...
 MAD MAX may actually live up to that boast . This was Mel Gibson 's first role in an action film , and one of his only Australian films . The movie takes place in a post-apocolptic world where the cops just basically get their -LSB- bootys -RSB- kicked by road rats , who pretty much rule the highways . `` Mad Max '' Rockatansky is the only cop who seems up to par against the meanies . His Do-gooding -LRB- Or Good-doing ... ? -RRB- upsets one gang so mush , they murder Max 's best friend , wife , and child . Well , would n't that just -LSB- tick -RSB- you off too ? Of course , so Max is on a hunt for the murderers to enact revenge . This movie had a dirt-poor low-budget , little known actors , and few chances of a sequel . Well , the film was -LRB- at the time -RRB- the most financially successful australian film ever made , catapulted Mel Gibson into stardom -LRB- he later was known for his LETHAL WEAPON films -RRB- , and produced not one , but 2 sequels , one of which -LRB- MAD MAX 2 , known in the U.S. as THE ROAD WARRIOR -RRB- is even better than the first . The action scenes are fantastic , but one difference between this and your average action film is the character Max , and his futuristic environment . They engage you in a way that not only can you just indentify with the character and imagine yourself as the hero , he 's so universal , you can imagine anyone in his shoes , doing exactly what he 's doing . A very well made action film
 Max a cop in a wasteland future is generaly a Happy guy until a biker gang starts messing with his family then he goes off the deep end ands shows every one how sadistic he can be if you push him . TWO Thumbs Up
 I must have seen this movie about a million times in my short life , on both video and dvd , but never have I seen this movie look and sound so fresh.The picture is the crispest I 've ever seen for this movie , and is true testiment to the power of DVD , much in the same way as Terminator : Special Edition was . Print damage still appears in places , but given the fact that the movie is twenty three years old , that 's expected . But what blew me away is the sound of the 5.1 Aussie English Audio track -LRB- that 's right , the original soundtrack -RRB- . Unlike the local video release , the audio is as clear as a bell . Low sounding dialogue is understandable , clear and crisp . The dispatchers voice is n't muffled , and Brian May 's musical composition plays more powerfully , while mixing effortlessly and complimenting the action sequences more effectively than ever.This movie has always been a classic of Aussie cinema , if not , cinema in general . It 's a shame that it took twenty two years for you guys in the US to finally experience this the way it was originally intended . Better late than never , but given the treatment it 's been given on this disc , well worth it !
 The best low buget film ever.I liked a lot.With great extras and the original australian soundtrack this version will enhance the original.The first time I saw in my country I get overwhelmed.The cars the chases the roads , magnificent spectacle.I recommend to you .
 `` Mad Max '' is a pretty simple revenge tale , a rousing sci-fi biker and car-crash-a-thon . Mel Gibson plays Max , a police pursuit driver in an unspecified future where roadgangs terrorize the innocent . Evidently road rage is way out of hand ! When motorcycle thugs kill Max 's best friend Goose -LRB- amiable Steve Bisley -RRB- , his wife -LRB- Joanne Samuel -RRB- and son Sprog -LRB- ! -RRB- , Max gets mad ... and gets even . What elevates this drive-in flick to cult classic status is director George Miller 's use of low-riding , wide-angled shots to give the chase scenes an intensity never before seen . And Mel 's presence , too , I suppose . Mel looks awful young , but flashes the charm and charisma that keeps him atop the box office charts all these years later.Like all cult movies , `` Mad Max '' has its cheesy moments . Max 's scenes with his wife feature some goofy dialogue , and there 's a very cheap-looking nightclub set at one point . But Hugh Keays-Byrne , as the reprehensible Toecutter , and Tim Burns -LRB- an Adam Ant lookalike -RRB- as the psychotic Johnny , provide ample menace . Plus , Miller and company throw in some very unusual-looking supporting players . And then there are the spectacular stunts and kinetic camerawork ; they 've been ripped-off a thousand times since!This `` Special Edition '' features a crisp , widescreen print -LRB- ooh ! -RRB- and , even better , the original Australian vocal track -LRB- ahh ! -RRB- . Finally , someone wised up and banished the cartoon voices . The original actors perform solidly throughout , even subtly in places . At last , you can see why Samuel Z. Arkoff would bother to import this movie . But why 'd he mangle it with bad overdubbing ? No matter . The sequel -LRB- `` Road Warrior '' -RRB- remains the superior film , but this new-to-the-U.S. version of the first movie provides some adrenaline-inducing adventure . Includes some nice commentary with plenty of inside trivia on the stuntwork and how they risked their lives just filming it ! Truly death-defying work . As Max 's boss Fifi says , `` We 're gon na give 'em back their heroes ! ''
 I wo n't go into details about the movie . Fans of Mad Max already know the plight of Max Rockatansky and how he became the Road Warrior . Instead , I will go into how this DVD is better than the original released in the United States.First off , get this DVD . If all you have ever seen is the USA version with the awful dubbed American voices , then you have not seen the true Mad Max movie.Let me say something about dubbing
 Ever since the first time I watched this movie , I have loved it . Mel Gibson is one of the greatest actors to ever come onto the big screen . I have the VHS version of `` Mad Max '' , but it pales badly to the new special edition DVD . I had looked at buying an Australian version , I 'm glad I waited . The best part about the DVD is the ability to either watch the American dubbed version -LRB- ick -RRB- or the Aussie version . The American dubbing really knocked out a lot of the background noise that the DVD brings out ... sirens , horns , a lot of little sounds that I 've never heard on the tape ... believe me , I 've watched this tape many , many times ... I think I could recite it in my sleep ... TWO THUMBS UP FOR THE DVD VERSION !!!!!!
 It 's about time we Americans can finally see this classic with the original Aussie accents . The dubbing on the US versions were terrible . This DVD makes me wonder how I put up with the dubbed version . A great movie that finally gets it due . It is already one of my most cherished DVD 's .
 I saw this movie when i was a kid and loved it . I still like it as an adult , but the dubbed dialogue takes alot away from it . Hearing the original Aussie accents take this to a new dimension . Very Cool !
 I saw `` Mad Max '' almost a decade ago on local TV , and despite being edited for television , it was a shocking and intense movie . Besides the simple plot , this film manages to work just as well as when I first saw it . The violence is this film is rather tame , often cutting away to show something that may be not as gory , but is just as shocking . The chases in this film are incredible -LRB- and the more surprising since this was made before the advent of CGI -RRB- . The new DVD release has some rather interesting treats , such as the original Australian audio , as opposed to the dubbed version that floats around on television -LRB- the fact there does n't seem to be a problem with understanding the dialogue in the original track makes me wonder why it has n't been released like this in the U.S. for so long -RRB- , plus you can pick between seeing the film in Widescreen or Pan & Scan -LRB- widescreen ... no contest on how I watch it -RRB- , a documentary on the film 's influence , and a commentary by members of the crew -LRB- who explain some of the more startling sequences in the movie -RRB- . For the price , `` Mad Max '' is definitely worth checking out .
 This is a true low budget classic . But unlike earlier releases of this film you get such a clear picture that you can see the rope used to pull one of the bikers off his bike . You can even hear Mel Gibson 's voice coming from Mel Gibson 's mouth . Who knew that they spoke in English is Austrailia ? This was like watching the film for the first time . Finally the REAL version for all Mad Max fans out there .
 Sure , this has been available on DVD in the US before , but this version will finally , thank God , include the original Austrailian dialogue . I have been dying to see it this way for years & I am confident that it will enhance my enjoyment of this film -LRB- even though I 'm pretty sure Mel did his own dubbing in the American version , it 's always been a nuisance to listen to ... takes away from the authenticity somehow -RRB- . Now , if I can just get my hands on some subtitled Godzilla movies ...
 It is a great movie . Just about the best of it 's kind ever mind . Has bravura performances -LRB- yeah Gibson 's great acting in it but how about some kudos for the nice looking chick playing his wife in this movie -- Joanne Samuel -RRB- , believable futuristic sets , plenty of action , magnificent score , memorable dialogue . It tries hard to be more than just a movie and it suceeds admirably . But now two problems with this honestly magnificent film -LRB- maybe minor problems -- maybe ! -RRB- . One . The film looks it 's made mostly for 15 year olds . I swear . It ' a alot of action and emotion -LRB- too much at times -RRB- and some more story woulda really been nice in parts . Learning more about , say , Max and Jesse 's marriage . Also , how civilization fell . Two . The story itelf is uneven . After the gangmember , The Knight Rider , is killed while Max -LRB- Gibson -RRB- is pursuing he -LRB- Max -RRB- is told the man 's gang is out to get him . Ok . So when Max later meets up with all of them hoods it 's because the gang is after him for killing the Knight Rider , right ? Wrong ! It 's Max that is after them for incidentally -LRB- to the KnightRider 's cause -RRB- killing Max 's child and wife , both of whom the gang coincidentally met up with while the family of Max -LRB- and Max too -RRB- were faraway on a vacation ! What happened to the gang 's original plan to get Max for killing their leader ? And talk about your chance meetings and it 's a small world after all . These and other uneven bits -LRB- some concerning characters , like a hood called Johnny the boy -RRB- abound . Like I said story is uneven .
 This is undoubtedly one of the most original and one of the best action movies around . I first saw it when I was 15 and though I thought it was a little wierd and disturbing at the time , I just could n't help liking it . I still like it today , too . After Mel Gibson 's wife is killed , he just goes after her murderers and is total merciless ! The most memorable scene , to me , is the one where Max handcuffs one of the killers to a car , rigs it to explode , and then gives the guy a hacksaw , saying something like `` You 've got five minutes to live . You could cut threw the handcuffs in ten . You could probably cut threw your wrist in 4 . '' That is such a cool scene!Anyway , I was n't going to write a review of this film until I read the review under mine . The one written by Mark Dewey from Australia . At the end of his review he says `` USA We 're with you Sept. 11 2001 '' , and , being someone who was deeply affected by the attacks , that just warmed my heart and made me smile with thanks knowing that even someone from the other side of the globe is supporting us . Thank you , Mark Dewey .
 I and saw this movie the first day it opened , on the big screen . In later years , I purchased it on VHS , LaserDisc , DVD -LRB- US dubbed -RRB- and now Special Edition DVD . This latest offering is by far the best , and the film is presented the way the director intended . This film is non stop action , and makes the move to DVD very well . Picture and sound 100 % . BUT for a US audience , it may be a bit hard to follow , from the perspective of different accent and Australian slang that are common in the movie . The provision of subtitles does assist the US viewer . The Trivia track certainly does not , it is rather an insult to the intelligence of any viewer , I 'm at a loss to know why it was included . For example
 I am very pleased with the job they did in releasing this DVD . I never bought the original on DVD , because it was dubbed , had a lot of video artifact , and no added features . The Special Edition has a great commentary track , the original trailers and a couple of featurettes . The video transfer looks excellent to me , and the 5.1 soundtrack is great ! I bought a VHS tape with Mel Gibson 's original dialog , but the video quality was awful . This gives me the best of both . I strongly recommend the Special Edition DVD to any Mad Max fan . -LRB- Make sure you get the new one , there is another , authorized `` Mad Max '' DVD available -RRB-
 At last ! the cult classic masterpiece mad max comes to a special edition dvd remasterd and even has the aussie sound track!It only took 23 years for us yank 's to get the version with the aussie track , but hey better late than never.Now you can see max -LRB- Gibson -RRB- chase down the bad guys with his aussie 1973 ford xb gt falcon like never before!so go out right away and get this dvd and throw away the old versions !
 Talk to me goose , Johnnies copped a saucepan in the throat , wre out of the game . I am the knight rider , a fuel injected sucide machine do you see me toe cutter do ya see me man ... she sucks nitros Max ... and so does this movie . These are just some of the lines in this great movie . A must see for anyone who enjoys action movies.And was filmed right here in Melbourne , Australia .
 ` Mad Max ' is an advertisement for all would-be directors to just take up the 16mm device and damn well shoot . Although the present era is less friendly towards this move , just look at how a crock of dung like ` The Blair Witch Project ' managed to make it to the cinema . This first installment in the Max trilogy finds a very young Gibson beginning with perfunctory zest , but soon becoming beset with rage at the loss of his friends and family . While the acting is above-board all right , the real stars of the show are the automotives themselves . With the Pursuit Interceptors running as thinly-veiled Datsun heaps , who could have thought that so much hps could have been squeezed out of every car in this picture ? Extra kudos go to Toecutter 's gang . If you look very carefully at the bit where Max , fresh out of the hospital where 's he learnt that his wife is in critical and his son dead , charges the bikers on the overcross bridge , you will see that the biker with the red helmet gets his neck broken by the distended front wheel of his or a comrade 's cycle ! Ouch . I wonder if he died in real life . There 's so much in here that is amateur pulling through as professional-looking , who knows how Miller was able to direct it . At any rate , the choreographer must have been ripping hairs . The movie itself is just the right length and the ending is bleak and suggestive for a sequel . The post-apocalyptic vein was handled in a novel way , showing how present-day elements could co-exist with the Beginnings of the End . All in all , to sum this up in three words
 I first saw the Road Warrior when I was little and loved it , it was my favorite of the three . I probably rented it 100 times . I have come now to love Mad Max the most . The cheesy , low-budget feel and look makes it cool . The original version was dubbed in English , get the Australian original , much better .
 I loved this movie when I first saw it , and still love it , after seeing it about 30 times . So who cares if the trick blower ca n't be made ? Everytime I think about replacing my gas guzzling 454 truck , this film reminds me that there really ai n't many things in life as sweet as a rumbling V8 . A perfect guy movie . For whatever reason , most women just do n't get it . BE WARNED though . The original release was overdubbed with cheezy american voices . Amazon does not carry the restored version . We all know what Mel Gibson 's voice sounds like , and listening to some bad voiceover now makes me want to puke . Please Amazon , carry the original , uncut , letterboxed version on VHS .
 Do not , under any circumstances , get this movie dubbed if you have the same opportunity to get it in its original sound format , with the original voices . The original is far superior to the dubbed version , no matter how difficult the thick Australian accents of its actors may be to understand . While it is a good movie even with the dubbed voicing , it is a far better movie with all its original voices intact .
 Yes it may be `` bare bones '' compared to newer blu-ray releases -LRB- this is n't critereon -RRB- , but this version rocks . I 've seen mad max probably 102 times starting on VHS as a kid , and i 'm just noticing all the details -LRB- badge numbers , signs , brands , etc -RRB- i 've never seen in any of the other releases . Picture quality to me is awesome -LRB- just noticed the Nightrider has a small tattoo on one of his toes -RRB- . Thats how much detail you 'll see . I do n't see any fan of the road warrior or mad max being disappointed by this . As mentioned in other reviews , the superior australian audio track is on by default which after seeing the special edition release from a few years back is the way to watch it . I watched a few times through with the sub-titles on just to catch some of their slang/colloquialism 's . I really did n't notice any issues with color or noise in the movie . Everything was just very sharp on a 2009 1080P 27 '' dell IPS PC monitor . I do n't have hi-def audio running from my PC so I ca n't comment on the HD sound , otherwise everything was great . Per the product description the DVD is an actual seperate disc unlike HD-DVD releases that put the DVD on one side of the HD-DVD disc . So you basically get 2 copies albeit one that is SD . If you 're looking for the truely objective review , I 'd check out dvdbeaver dot com for their eventual review .
 Mel Gibson was originally dubbed over , as mostly all the other actors where also , to create an `` English Language '' soundtrack version of Mad Max for its worldwide distribution . Thus pre-DVD the only way to hear Mel 's original voice -LRB- the one he had when he turned up with bandages across his face with blood under the patches and the casting agents knew they had found Mad Max , an outback young lad with some good looks and a penchant for licking out of the bottle all day long -RRB- was to get the Australian version of the film on video tape . Now on `` Special Edition !! -LRB- Check to make sure this review is for that version as Amazon sometimes changes products and moves reviews ! -RRB- '' DVD you can hear Mad Max the way it was meant to sound - 1 track Australian mono audio - but to be honest why brother with any 5:1 digital upgrade or a 2:1 English track ? ... unless you ca n't understand the original audio , in which case just turn to the subtitles .1979 Mad Max made its break onto the scene for one reason and one reason alone - the dawn of `` Ultraviolence '' , Mad Max was instantly slapped with an X rating in Europe and was heavily criticised for being bloody graphic and too obscene for most viewers , George Miller had in fact delivered on very little blood on the screen , creating instead intensive bullying and quick flash cuts , probably dummies going under trucks or the jump cut subliminal frames of eyes jumping out of their sockets before a crash , people had never seen this kind of violence on the screen before , George Miller having himself already produced a violent twenty minute test film `` Violence in Cinema Pt 1 '' -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , knew there was a market for this thing , and there was , Mad Max produced several memorable posters for the first movie , each one either a cartoon or a still of anything other than Mad Max , the artwork always seemed to make people believe they where walking in on some sort of high budget Australian sci-fi violent action film , when in fact they where just viewing a bunch of guys with a 35mm camera , sticky tape and no fear of the brand new superbikes that could do 200 mph on the back roads of Oz . Peter Jackson obviously watched re-runs of this while making his Bad Taste . Low budget film makers know that Mad Max is probably just as important as Evil Dead that came out two years after it , in terms of how to make a low budget film that works . Just look at Mad Max , no one had two coins to rub together , yet they have a movie that spawned no less than two sequels and made an A-list Hollywood actor out of the lead , that is not bad going at all.The result is a very mish-mash of acting inabilities , poorly directed non-violent stuff , wonderful atmosphere , nice amateur camerawork , film speed ups to create the illusion of faster motion , that mostly actually work , but it is long and drawn out , taking well over an hour for Max Rockatanski to loose some loved ones , going after the `` Toecutter '' a biker and his crew for a bit of road rage and revenge , this is the first film in which children are murdered -LRB- all suggestive ; like a ball and shoe rolling down the road -RRB- because of bad driving , people visibly go under trucks and some ` burnings alive ' but nothing that is graphic -LRB- the most graphic scene being a severed hand hanging from a chain -RRB- it was the illusion of manic bikers going psycho on the streets that was so easy for everybody at the end of the 1970s and start of the 1980s to believe , so naturally they bought into all the stuff because aristocratic systems had man blaming each other for their own problems and not bad management of government , the `` Halls of Justice '' scenes in which arrested druggie bikers who kill are set free because of a technicality , all of this to people was very real at the time , a real fear , then suddenly a victim hero emerges from the rubble to clean up the mess himself , Mad Max is a bit of a defining moment in the genre , generated a better sequel in terms of budget and action , but this original is still very much the more important offering because of what it is . The Original Ultraviolent Action Film that Played on people 's Belief 's Systems of What a Criminal Was . It was as good then as say making a film about Mid-Eastern terrorists going on a rampage across America < -- take note all you budding young film makers .
 Good movie , bad dubbing . Please releast the origanl version . I took one star off becuse of the dubbing .
 A rookie director , a dirt poor budget , and a no name cast did n't stop Mad Max from becoming one of the most revered action films of all time . A pre fame Mel Gibson stars as cop Max Rockatansky in a post-apocalyptic future where he , his buddy partner , and his wife and child , try to maintain a sense of civilization while ruthless biker gangs rule the road . When his family is slaughtered , Max goes over the edge , and the movie manages to get better and better . MGM has thankfully released Mad Max the way it was meant to be seen on DVD , with the original Australian language track restored in place of the dubbed American accents that were infamously incorporated into the film for years on home video and television . The stunt work of the film is a definite highlight , as is the young Gibson 's performance as the hell bent for vengeance Max . Two sequels would follow , the first of which entitled The Road Warrior , managed to surpass this film and remains what many consider the greatest action movie ever made .
 Take this simply as an informative review concerning this specific DVD release . When reading through some of the other reviews for the newest Special Edition Mad Max DVD , there were some confusing complaints that I came across , many of which were complaining that the DVD was badly formatted and that the voices had been dubbed over by American actors . After some further pondering , I realized that the reviewers were commenting on a different DVD release that came out prior to the Special Edition , as well as prior to this Decades Collection Edition.To put it plainly , this is a retouched version of the theatrical release as far as picture and sound quality . The sound is in very nice stereo , and the picture has been digitally restored and is in Wide Screen format . There are NO American voice overs added . There are a few extras on the DVD , including poster art , two documentaries , and a few trailers . All in all , I am very pleased with the purchase . It was extremely cheap for the quality . If you want a low-cost , good version of Mad Max and are not too interested in a bunch of DVD extras , this is a no brainer.P.S . Also included is a CD with some hit 70 's songs on it , including some Marvin Gaye and Rod Stewart ... so , if you have n't heard these heavily overplayed songs on the radio enough , you can own them on CD at no additional cost !
 In 1979 , an Australian film was released starring 23-year-old Mel Gibson . This movie he is a cop in the future . Only a few years ahead from the present point in time . It was a great hit and had two sequels follow it . Only difference about them was that they were during a post-apocalyptic period . But this one is the best one of all in the entire trilogy . It is a pretty normal movie with regular things happening most of the time . The action does n't start until the end when Max Rockatanski seeks revenge on a nomad biker gang for the murder of his wife and infant son . Max starts out as a kind loving man . But once everything in his life falls apart and he loses the people who are most important to him , he no longer sees the need to care for the lives of others . The evil bikers led by the Toecutter all suffer painful and terrible deaths for what they had done to Max 's family . He starts out as a regular man with a job who has a family and a best friend . But sometime in the movie , Jim Goose , his best friend , is murdered as well . Then Max decides to quit his job due to that one event . He just happens to lose everything he had . All you see of him in the end is Max driving a Canyonero and armed with a shotgun while wearing his police uniform . A courageous hero doing what he can to rid the scum of the area . This is the best movie to watch out of all three .
 Mad Max was Mel Gibson 's breakthough film back in 1979 . This low budget film really packs a whallop and set new standards in filming breathtaking car chases . It 's essentially a pulp comic book brought to life . A raw and exciting film that set the stage for two powerful sequels.The police , sporting black leather uniforms and driving colorful high speed cruisers that are stationed at the Halls of Justice and are constantly under siege . The bad guys are a malicious motorcycle gang led by a crazed and psychopathic goon named Toecutter . After one of Toecutter 's cronies is killed by Max , Toecutter is looking for some serious payback , but he 's messing with the wrong cop ... you do n't wan na get Max mad.The production design coveys a world that 's gone to hell and captures the grim atmosphere perfectly . Brian May 's -LRB- not the guitarist from Queen -RRB- exciting music score gives the film a larger than life quality . Director George Miller makes the most of his small budget . The chase sequences and editing is terrific.This DVD edition is taken from the original video release .
 I loved this movie when I first saw it , and still love it , after seeing it about 30 times . So who cares if the trick blower ca n't be made ? Everytime I think about replacing my gas guzzling 454 truck , this film reminds me that there really ai n't many things in life as sweet as a rumbling V8 . A perfect guy movie . For whatever reason , most women just do n't get it . BE WARNED though . The original release was overdubbed with cheezy american voices . Amazon does not carry the restored version . We all know what Mel Gibson 's voice sounds like , and listening to some bad voiceover now makes me want to puke . Please Amazon , carry the original , letterboxed version on VHS .
 Mel Gibson is without a doubt one of Hollywood 's greatest actors , Mad Max was one of Gibson 's first movies , & you can tell by watching it that his success since -LRB- 20 years to be exact -RRB- has not spoiled him , In this he is Max , a cop of the future where society has broken down , & he is one of the last remaining cops patroling the savage streets , we learn that Max has a family & tries for the most part to be normal in a burnt out wasteland , the film begins with an outlaw named Knightrider who has broken loose & has killed a fellow officer , he is pursued by two cop cars , & is being chased , Max 's partner Jim Goose soon joins the pursuit , but he & the two cars end up wrecking thus knocking them out of the pursuit , Goose then radios Max who the Knightrider will soon be approaching , to begin pursuit , which he does ... with intensity , causing the Knightrider to crash & burn , he is killed as Max watches from a distance , what makes this film good is its direction , we see the friendship between Goose & Max that is as good as any friendship , Max 's boss is interesting to watch as you can see he cares about his men , we are then introduced to the Knightrider 's motorcycle buddies who have come to get revenge on those responsible , mostly the cops & Max himself , Toecutter , the gang 's leader is fun to watch , he is without a doubt a humorous villian , you almost ca n't help but like him , as he talks poetically about the Knightrider , his loyalty to his fallen comrade is deep as he & his men soon terrorize anyone & everyone , thus bringing the attention of Max & Goose who soon arrest Johnny , the inexperienced member of the group , it is clear that a woman has been raped & Johnny has stayed behind awaiting capture , or has he , it never becomes clear , the rape has a vengeful effect on Goose who refuses to release Johnny after his bail has been set & he is to be released , Goose is soon restrained as Johnny agitates him , promising revenge , Goose is soon set up & is burned beyond recognition , Max feeling the loss takes time off with his wife & child , but soon he & his family are stalked by the group & his wife is soon confronted alone & intimidated , she escapes but she along with their child is run down , with the loss of his family & friend , Max becomes a lost soul & lone vigilante , who uses his wit & skill to exact revenge in his new Interceptor Police car , that has a turbo blast that creates unbelieveable speed , when Toecutter , Bubba , & Johnny are the only ones left , they set up Max & gun him down , Bubba soon attempts to finish him , but is killed instead , Johnny then flees the scene , as does Toecutter , Max then goes after Toecutter in a rather satisfying scene in which Max uses his Turbo power to pursue Toecutter in a tense scene that has Max with nothing but vengence in his eyes , Toecutter is soon killed as is Johnny , & has Max fleeing into the wasteland that would continue in `` The Road Warrior '' a great follow-up , this film had a cult following & it is a true gem , movies like this just do n't get made anymore , & the original Aussie dialogue is much more surreal than the dubbed version , & Mel Gibson proved in this film the star he would later become , this new DVD is sharp & clear , & is definately a must for any Mel Gibson fan !!!!!
 For more than 20 years , American audiences were saddled with an inferior version of the 1979 action-thriller from Down Under . A worldwide hit upon its initial release , director George Miller 's `` Mad Max '' had the misfortune of receiving U.S. distribution from American-International Pictures -LRB- AIP -RRB- , which trimmed five minutes and redubbed the film with American voices - thus eliminating its Australian flavor . Adding insult to injury , AIP buried the movie in drive-ins and grindhouses as a second feature . Happily , the original 95-minute version can be found on this DVD release . Fueled by Mel Gibson 's effective performance as a vengeful highway cop and David Eggby 's stunning photography , the futuristic `` Mad Max '' boasts some extraordinary stunt work and offbeat characterizations . Miller gains tremendous mileage from his limited budget and the Australian locations provide an ideal visual counterpart to the desolate cops-vs . - bikers atmosphere . Not surprisingly , this independent cult classic helped put Australia on the cinematic map .
 In spite of the fact that the 1981 film The Road Warrior -- the second influential cinematic work of writer/director George Miller 's Dystopian vision of the near future trilogy -- leads to receive the anti-hero Max , released two years earlier , is where it all started ... For it was here that Miller first brought to the screen his hellish vision , where civil society is under siege by crime and disorder , with the strength and charisma of a new young , tough , good looking actor by the name of Mel Gibson ... Gibson was just 23 years old when he took the role of Max Rockatansky -- a young hotshot cop so emotionally wounded -- and was such an unknown star that when the film was hitting the screens in the States , the preview trailers did n't even mentioned him but instead focused on the movie 's coolest and most original car action ever filmed ... In retrospect , of course , Gibson 's portrayal of a relentless vigilante is an essential element of the picture ... In the Australian outback , Rockatansky is a motorcycle cop trying to keep order in a quickly disintegrating society ... Vicious lawless bikers and road-raging psychopaths race up and down the forbidden territories , raping and pillaging the peaceful towns , and one such bunch ends up at the door of Max 's wife -LRB- Joanne Samuel -RRB- , and their 2-year old son ... When they are both lying dead in middle of the road , Max is all driven over the edge , and so starts a high-speed pursuit involving wild rides , chilling fights , and memorable fast-motion suspenseful scenes rarely equaled in cinema ...
 ... and I do n't just mean the Mad Max saga but the Mel Gibson story . I 'd heard this movie got Mel Gibson noticed among the big players - seeing it today made me believe it.The movie begins with a car chase , with some really gutsy destruction sequences , somewhere amongst which , Gibson makes his entry as an `` Interceptor '' , a cop from the near future - where this story is based - trying to make order in this `` Anarchie '' -LRB- no kidding ! that 's the name of the Ln mentioned in the first few shots of the film ! -RRB- . The government is pretty much non-existent in this futuristic flick , and gangs of roadies have taken up terrorizing and literally ruling the outlands.Max , along with his partner - Office Jim Goose , takes his work seriously , and intends to clean the scrounge of the town , before his partner becomes a casualty of the war . Max suddeny is afraid for his family , and realizes he 's not ready to take this war to its bitter end , and decides to take a break from his cop-career . What follows is an eerie rendition , out on the Australian outback , of the origins of the character of Mad Max , before it got the adjective Mad ; with some really slick editing and heart-pumping action . The chase sequences are simply great and the lack of dialogues makes it that much more watchable . Not much to speak - if you 're into killing amd ambushing for a living.This movie is the first of the trilogy of Mad Max , and is a good one at that . You get to see where Gibson learnt the conviction and grittyness that has since marked so many of his roles , notably Lethal Weapon , Conspiracy Theory , and The Patriot.Must see - for Gibson and Mad Max fans !
 Yeah , I 'm gon na post here to contrast what others have said . This dvd does include the original Aussie soundtrack , the first time Americans have ever seen this version in the history of the film . Pretty impressive . It is much better than the dubbed version . The special features are so-so , not a whole lot to rave about . The print is clean , it looks great with the widescreen , and the original audio is a definite plus . This is certainly a worthy purchase for being only ten dollars .
 At this point Mad Max is simply a post apocalyptic classic film . While some people may not enjoy the movie through and through , I do n't think that statement is very much contested . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a fairly old film from today 's perspective and its filming style shows that . I think in perspective this movie was pretty on point for what people were thinking about at that time . I mean when you think about it , the Cold War was still going strong and each country was trying to out power the other in terms of military might . So the greatest concern at that time was a nuclear war and `` Mad Max 's '' setting takes place shortly after such a catastrophic event.It 's pretty interesting to watch because it gives a pretty interesting `` what if '' scenario if technology and development stopped in the late 1970 's . So you never had the internet boom and the age of the computer in the 90 's . It 's kind of cool when you try to picture this scenario . The places it 's most apparently are in the hospital and the kinds of cars they are using . Despite this downfall it seems like everyone has custom vehicles and most are designed with a sports car in mind . In the hospital scenes it reminds me of the film version of `` Johnny Got His Gun '' because the hospital areas just seemed too archaic by today 's standards.In Mad Max the world is still trying to hold on to the small vestiges of society that it can . Lawlessness is at a whole new level and it seems that the court systems run amok similar to our current ones . Basically the main premise for the film is that Mel Gibson plays a cop named Max who is effectively terrorized by a biker gang indirectly at first , but then very directly as the movie moves on . The gang has this bizarre spiritually violent ethos , where the main member Nightrider was a key messenger of this philosophy ... or at least that 's how I 'm interpreting his role . The police sort of have a hand in this man 's death so another member of the gang , Toecutter , comes after them . Nightrider 's death is what sparks the turmoil and brings the gang into town to wreak their havoc.It 's really kind of a tragic tale when you think of it as a whole , but that 's kind of the point . Max is a tragic character that gets pushed to the absolute extreme on every end . However , I think during this film they did n't truly know what direction they wanted to bring Mel 's character and I feel that direction was finally found in `` The Road Warrior . '' However , `` Mad Max '' is still fairly essential in order to get into Max 's background and why he is so angry . There is a slight discontinuity between the two films though , because at the end of this one he still has contact with some semblance of civilization and in `` Road Warrior '' it 's all wastelands.While `` Mad Max '' can seem a bit dry at times because it 's mostly cars racing around on highways , it does set the stage for a very influential film -LRB- I feel at least -RRB- in the future . While authors were setting the stage for post apocalyptic worlds , `` Mad Max '' set the stage for a lawless and harsh reality , unlike `` 1984 '' where the war pushed society to much stricter controls . I think this is the type of movie people should at least see once , at the very least for nostalgic purposes , because it does not have nearly the same re-watch value as the sequel .
 weather you want action , drama , or just some awesome car scenes this is the movie for you . mel gibson delivers the performance of a lifetime .
 Mel Gibson is so young looking in this film , and so handsome ! Wow this film is so full of action and even on a low budget you ca n't beat Mad Max!WARNING POSSIBLE SPOILERS!The film is about Austraila in the outback perhaps . It 's in the Post-Nuclear future , a town is being threatened by a ruthless bicker gang lead by the infamous Toecutter . It 's up to what 's left of the police to stop them!Our hero Max Rockatansky -LRB- Played brilliently by Mel Gibson -RRB- , pursues the Nightrider , a member of Toecutter 's gang , on a high speed chase . When Nightcutter dies , the outraged Toecutter plans his revenge on Max and the entire police elite . He starts off by picking off Jim Goose , a fellow officer and friend of Max 's . Johnny , a young lacky of Toecutter 's , sets a trap for Jim . Jim gets very wounded when they set him on fire . Max visits Jim in the hospital and is angered and horrified at what the evil biker gang has done to his friend . Max then does the wrong thing by resigning from the force and decides to spend some time with his wife and young son where the bikers are nowhere to be found.But no , that does n't stop Toecutter from wanting revenge , it was n't enough to burn Jim , he had to pick on Max too ! But this time he does something almost worst then the last time . This time these victims were innocent . He runs down Max 's wife and infent son , and kills his son while his wife suffers massive injuries to her internal organs and has to have both of her legs and arms amputated . God has n't Max suffered enough already ?! Now Max is clearly pissed off and gets out his police uniform and starts his vengence spree.SPOILERS END HEREThis is a very good low budget movie . I love the hair styles , enough though it was made in the late 70s , the hairstyles looked 80s . Cool . If you want to see a very young Mel Gibson , then buy this movie or rent it ! Mad Max is so awsome !
 A true action movie with Mel Gibson as '' vigilante '' after the death of his wife and son by mad bikers
 Cult film or not , most everyone agrees Mad Max is a remarkable film . Most reviewers and the documentaries included on the DVD rave about Mel Gibson 's performance , and they 're right!But among the things that makes this movie so much better than its budget would seem to allow were the truly fine performances of most of the other actors . We 're not talking Oscar caliber , of course , but strong enough to be believable and keep the viewer caught up in the story . Whether due to great direction or real actor talent -LRB- and probably both -RRB- , these `` little things '' really set the stage for Gibson 's character to play out against.This was the first time I 've heard the original Australian language version of the film , and was pleased . The other extras were very good as well , making this an outstanding value for the price!So after you 've watched the movie several times and have gotten past Gibson 's shining performance , watch for all those other glimmers that are minor stars in their own right .
 Mad Max Special Edition is great !!! Not only does it contain the actual aussy voices from the cast -LRB- Not American Overdub Like The Original -RRB- , the second DVD offers the making of Mad Max and the history of Mel Gibson and his acting career . Mad Max was always a cult classic , on DVD it 's a new experience.Thomas
 This is a very funny movie that stars Martin Short as Murray , a bumbling fairy god-mother who can hardly do anything right . His first job is helping Anabel Greening , played by Mara Wilson . Anabel 's wish is that her dad is auditioning for a part in a broadway musical , and she wants him to get the part . Unfortunately , Murray accidentally turns her dad into a statue . When Anabel , her brother Charlie , and Murray go to NAFGAa and tell the Queen of the Fairy Godmothers what happened , she tells Anabel that if they do n't reverse the spell by midnight , he will remain a statue forever . Before they can do that , they have to get the wands back from the evil Claudia . I highly recommend A SIMPLE WISH !!!
 I love the story line of this movie - a male Fairy Godmother ! What fun . And Kathleen Turner as the ` wicked witch ' . What a fairy tale concept .
 A Simple WishI watched this movie as a kid when it just came out on disney channel . Recently , i remembered that i really liked it back then . So i ordered it on amazon . EVERY bit as good as i remember it !! Funny , kindhearted , GREAT to watch with the kids . Not that i have any , i 'm just saying . Martin Short teams up with Mara Wilson , and their relationship -LSB- that of kid and fairy godmother -RSB- is amusing to follow . Kathleen Turner plays the role of the evil witch excellently , and can be a bit frightening at times . All in all , i highly recommend it !
 Well , everyone , this movie was pretty good ! There was some hysterical moments-like when Murray is trying to turn the mean guy into a rabbit and instead turns him into a rabbi ! Or when the bad fairy -LRB- played by Kathleen Turner -RRB- turns the head fairy paper-thin and stuffs her mouth with bricks . However , I think that Mara Wilson has been in better movies . Also , if you are gullible , do not watch this movie . Some parts are very believable , but some parts are totally unrealistic ! But it 's really good .
 ' A Simple Wish ' is a cute , fun family film . It 's about a young girl named Annabel -LRB- Mara Wilson -RRB- who wishes for a fairy godmother . Her brother thinks there are no such things as fairygodmothers . Well , Annabel 's wish comes half true . Instead of getting a fairygodmother , she gets a fairygodfather , instead ! Anyway , soon they meet an evil fairygodmother who they try to destroy . It 's very fun and really cute . I saw it on TV and it was very good . All the actors in this film give great performances , and the script is pretty good , too . I definitely recommend this film for families everywhere !
 This movie was out about a year before my parents finally bought it for me . I simply wanted it because I thought the cover was cool . But when I watched it , I loved it , and I made all my friends watch it when they came over.The story is about Annabel , played by Mara Wilson , the girl from `` Mrs. Doubtfire '' and `` Matilda . '' While she is reading a version of `` Cinderella '' one night , she wishes that she could have a fairy godmother . And she gets one . Except her fairy godmother is n't what she had in mind , because she is actually a man named Murray , played by the hilarious Martin Short.Murray promises to grant Annabel one wish , and she selflessly decides that she wants her father , a widower , to land the main role in a musical play . But it is n't that ` simple . ` For one thing , Murray has never been a fairy godmother before , and he has a mentionable amount of difficulty with his magic wand . For instance , he accidently takes Annabel to Nebraska and changes a rough-looking man into a gigantic rabbi.The second thing standing in the way of a granted wish is Claudia , the fairy-godmother-turned-evil-witch played by Kathleen Turner . The witch and her hilarious sidekick are bent on destoying the existence of any other magic than Claudia 's to ensure that nothing stands in her way when she decides to carry out some rather evil plans.The movie is extremely funny , and has lots of great special effects . It is almost impossible to smile as you watch Murray screw up on everything he attempts to do and Annabel bicker with her older brother and her reactions to Murray 's awfully-cast spells . So great is the presence of comedy , wittiness , and evil in Kathleen Turner 's character that you look forward to the scenes she 's in . And so you end up laughing through the movie , marveling at the spell-casting scenes , and silently cheering as the movie proves yet again that good conquers evil . AND throw in an interesting cameo from Terri Garr , one of the supporting actresses in `` Tootsie , '' and you have every bit of a five-star fantasy that 's perfect for the whole family .
 Got this as a present for someone and the adored it . Great value and the movie itslef is difficult to find .
 Great movie . Such an imagination for a male fairy godmother that is n't able to do anything right . Definitely a family movie .
 The Kids loved this movie Martin Short is hillarious . The fact that it still teaches kids you dont always get what you ask for .
 I bought this movie for my sister for her birthday . This is a wonderful movie that we like to watch together . It came in the condition that was stated in the description .
 This movie has the little girl from Matilda and Martin Short . Good family picture , we loved it . Came in excellent condition !
 a gift for my friend he loved it is a child movie and could find it anywhere but here , great price and fast shipping
 This was a great buy . Thank you so much . I rate the movie and the seller AAA + + + + . My experience thus was , since I have to write 20 words is `` great '' . I loved this movie again and again .
 This is a fun film about a girl who wants a wish , and a fairy godmother -LRB- or in this case , godfather -RRB- Her wish is not even for herself , it is for her father . However , the fairy godfather is not very good at magic , so he is unable to grant her wish right away , and falls afoul of a witch who wants his magic . Overall a fun film for kids , and adults might enjoy it too .
 This is a really great family movie . I recommend it for anyone to watch . It is really cute and the music is really great throughout the film . I just wish that they would make a soundtrack of the whole songs . I would certainly buy that . It is a must see .
 The plot and cinematography of this film were above average , while other aspects were a little lackluster . The storyline was well written , and the casting was on target , however the mixture of computer graphics took plenty away from the film and cheapened it quite a bit . Quite dissapointing.You do get to see Martin Short in a most unusual role , and I 'd consider this a must-see for any admirer of his antics . Robert Pastorelli -LRB- the crazed painter from Murphy Brown -RRB- plays a rather lackluster role . Kathleen Turner pulled off the typical `` Evil Witch '' role a little too well . Mara Wilson seemed to do a better job in `` Matilda , '' but she was good in this film nontheless.I happened to get the Italian version of this film -LRB- alternately titled `` Un Semplice Desiderio '' -RRB- and I will add that watching this movie with Italian audio on adds a little to it . Granted I may have never even seen this film if it werent in a lot of videos I bought from ebay.it : -RRB-
 What a clever fractured fairy tale . This movie has one of the best opening scenes - The Fairy Godmother Final Exams , where Martin Short , a mediocre student , is attempting to cheat , copying from the little old blue-haired ladies in his class.Very funny & sophisticated , appeals to children and adults .
 This movie is very entertaining to both adults and children . It is a fun and witty movie that you can watch again and again and still have a good time with ! I would highly reccomend getting the video
 I recently rediscovered this Martin Short comedy . If you 've never seen it , I highly recommend it for good family fun . Martin Short is hilarious as a bumbling but heartwarming fairy godmother who accidentally turns his first assignment 's father into a statue . The entire movie is great fun with of course a very bad fairy , played by Kathleen Turner , involved .
 This movie is from the 90 's and was used but , it seems like it 's brand new !
 Great family movie , showing that wishes do come true . Great music , especially the Broadway show music ! The late Robert Pastorelli plays Mara Wilson 's father , and the movie has great positive messages for the family . Kathleen Turner was good at playing evil .
 My children used to watch this movie all the time when they were little . They still love to watch it so to them its a good movie .
 We love this movie ! My kids used to watch it again & again but it was on VHS . We no longer have a VCR and my son brought this movie up again , mentioning how much he used to love watching it so we decided to get it on DVD . It 's become a family classic in our house . It 's a funny , silly movie & having all boys in our family , we loved the idea of the `` godmother '' being a man .
 We rented the video and then went out and bought it . It 's entertaining and fun for both kids and adults . If you like Martin Short , there are a couple of scenes that are really worth seeing .
 While the average Hendrix fan might not be interested in the details of how Electric Ladyland was made , for the musician this DVD is priceless . If you 've seen `` The Making of Sgt Pepper '' and liked it , this is a similar treatment of Electric Ladyland . You get to hear individual tracks and interviews from the engineer and band members on how it was all done . Eddie Kramer , Mitch , Noel , all talking about their memories . You also get a glimpse into the personality of Hendrix that is very different than the wild man image . This movie has given me even more appreciation of this musical masterpiece .
 The video takes you through the making of the album Electric Ladyland with the guys who played , engineered , gofered , or what have you . It is done on a song by song basis with lots of videos , photos and live performances . I am not a Hendrix fanatic , but I thought it was fascinating and very well done . If you are a Hendrix fanantic you would love this .
 If you are a Hendrix fan and want to know how this album was made then this is DVD is for you . I liked how the engineer was able to strip songs to the bare bones and explain how Hendrix was able to obtain those unique guitar sounds .
 Jimi is often presented as a great guitarist in the realm of pop music . This film reveals how far from the truth that is ... . The incredible delicacy and fluency Jimi created is likened in the film to Mozart , and the comparison is apt . He had an infallible sense of theme , variation , harmony , and conceptual completeness ... , and the most compelling thing is that only lyrics were written down . The rest happened in Jimi 's ` imagination . ' The only place one can experience Jimi down deep where he really lived is found here , in `` Jimi Hendrix . ''
 Many , many years ago , when I was 16 years old , I heard `` Hey Joe '' for the first time in my life -- my brain has been fascinated and haunted by that genius and his music ever since . At the end of this DVD I had tears in my eyes ... man , do I miss jimi ... that 's all I can say .
 Hey Eddie Kramer can you hear me?I wish they would have put the entire uncut album -LRB- possibly in 5.1 surround sound -RRB- on the dvd too , the interviews are great and all but sometimes I just wan na listen to nothing but the music this would and still could have the phenomenal aspect that a lot of people could and would enjoy and just to think what he would be doing now but I 've heard that he was burned out from all the attention and overwork and this is what could have cause his demise .
 hearing about how this Musical Genius made this Landmark album is a real treat.it 's a timeless video about a timeless ARTIST that Trenscended music & time .
 The audio quality on my dvd is awful . The music blats away and you ca n't hear the people interviewed . Anyone alse have this problem ?
 I like jimm
 Does anyone know if CHRIS WOOD founding member of Traffic , renowned flutist , sax player and other wood winds master appears in this video ?? -LRB- You can reply to me personally at sheila.arthur@verizon.net -RRB-
 Electric Ladyland has and always will be a classic album.This DVD not only deals with the making of the album , but it shows what was going on with the band and Jimi Hendrix at the time.The movie points out the hellish schedule they would have . It pointed out that they would be on one coast one night and the other coast the next night . At the same time Hendrix would try to make time to record while trying to put together his own recording studio in New York City.It shows how Hendrix would for instance make recordings of guitar music at one speed and play it back at another for special effects.It tells you how he used a comb with wax paper to simulate a kazoo sound for another track.It interviews Michael Finnigan , who played on Rainy day , dream away.Finnigan talks about how Hendrix instructed him to play the music they way he wanted it.It indicates that Hendrix played a harpsichord on Burning of the Midnight Lamp . Hendrix was apparentley a good keyboard player.Hendrix also uses Jack Casady to play bass guitar on some songs , and plays bass himself in Noel Reddings abscence.This is in my mind a very good documentary ... I would recommend it to any Hendrix fan or any serious fan of the Rock of the 60 's .
 Watching this DVD brings the Hendrix fan closer to the soul that produced this beautiful work of art . The interviews and recollections show how Jimi 's personality imprinted on everyone he worked with . They all still miss him terribly . This DVD provides insight into the process Hendrix evolved to in writing and recording his work . After watching this DVD I hear the album in a more informed light . Hendrix was a brilliant shooting star . I also noticed how much Prince copies Jimi 's style . Somehow I missed that before this DVD .
 It 's a shame that one of the best guitarist in rock 'n roll died so young . This is great music .
 Classic Albums recounters the journey of the legendary music recordings.Classic Albums takes you a behind the scences look at one of jimi hendrix 's most succesful albums . The story is told in rare archival film footage , music , and from a diary kept by a hendrix employee . Their are many great interviews from the members themself Mitch Mitchell , and Noel Redding as well as keyboard virtuoso Steve Windwood . I think the best part of the film is Eddie Kramer who engineered the electric ladyland sessions . This film is loaded with fascinating footage of Jimi Hendrix in the studio . I think from one perspective we can all appreciate how great Electric Ladyland really was .
 Jimi Hendrix 's masterpiece Electric Ladyland has reached the charts standing at number 1 for a long time . This DVD is one of the best it explains everything from the musicians who played with Jimi on the masterpiece Electric Ladyland and others including Noel , Mitch , Chas Chandler , Eddie Kramer , Stevie Winwood , etc. . The story of Electric Ladyland is told in this DVD in words , music , rare archival film footage , and from a contemporary diary kept by one of Hendrixs employees . Can it get any better ? NO . I loved this DVD it is worth 5 stars so please buy it enjoy !
 An excellent story about the making of one of the best rock alblums ever made.Those of us who remember when this alblum came out can now see what the GREAT OZ was doing behind that curtain.The sounds in Jimi 's head got onto vinyl because of the magical collaboration of Eddie Kramer , Hendrix , Mitchell , and Noel Redding -- who got fed up with the delays and effectively quit at this point . But there was plenty of talent available and eager to help out , Jack Cassidy , Steve Winwood , Buddy Miles , among others who made it happen . Eddie Kramer is the main historian here , his memory of how all the tracks were layed down gives the most complete view since Jimi is not available .
 Great video that focuses on the mixing of the individual parts in the studio mixing and really has some great behind the scenes glimpses into the making of this classic album . Very good quality and production . Very interesting to all guitarists interested in classic rock .
 A very grim movie about German deserters at the end of WWII , who are captured by Canadian forces . Their former comrades in arms -LRB- led by the senior German POW played by Helmuth Schneider -RRB- also held by the Canadians , sentence them to be shot and persuade the weak Canadian Captain -LRB- played by Richard Johnson -RRB- egged on by his General -LRB- Michael Goodliffe -RRB- to carry out the sentence . No attempt here to glamorise war . Everything is very bleak , but the film is a superb character study and all the performances are excellent . Best ever performance by Richard Johnson . Only major criticism is of the unconvincing Canadian accents.The movie was never released in the UK -LRB- and maybe not in the USA either -RRB- . It was released in Germany under the name `` Gott Mit Uns '' -LRB- God with us -RRB-
 After the war has ended on it 's last days , soldiers still obey and must decide if they should kill or not . Psychological thriller with a lot of violence . I would definetly pick this up for such a good price becaue it is well worth it .
 I read the other reviews and agree with all . I bought the dvd which does skip at times and have quality control problems . That being said , I liked the story line . I did some research and there was one instance that is similar to this story . Though the film said this was a true story , that is not factual . There were two German Kriegsmarine sailors who were executed by German troops while POWs for desertion with the approval of their Canadian POW camp guards . I saw this film many years ago and the memory of it haunted me to where I had to buy it again . I only gave the film 4 stars because of the quality of the dvd . As for the script and story line , I give it a 5 star rating .
 Strauss - The Great WaltzThis is truly a masterpiece reflecting upon the life and times of a remarkable composer . We are lucky today to have such talented orchestras who can reproduce Johanns ' works with such expertise thus keeping his music alive in our modern times.There is no one illustration of Johanns ' work on this DVD as none can be classed as being one better than the other !
 A spectacular summary of future plans for Mars exploration and colonization . I hope all will see this . You should buy the DVD and watch it when it dose n't interfere with other TV shows on commercial TV.It is worth it !
 This documentary makes you fell like a mission to Mars would begin at any time from now ! Very accurate , explains the pros and cons of every available technology . In a nutshell , is a must have for all air & space fans .
 This doc gives a very good overview of the steps we would need to make a manned trip to Mars . I am not sure why George Bush 's name is given such prominence on the website , because he is barely in the movie , and it 's about science , not politics . So do not let that turn you off . William Shatner makes a suprisingly good , low key commentator . Has good special effects . I saw the DVD , not the Blue-Ray .
 Very good . I am very interested in space travels and I really liked very much . And is good to rear capitain Kirk voice again .
 Incredible that someone reviewing this DVD would trash-talk it because it involves George W. Bush . He was the president who wanted to take us back to the Moon and then beyond . How different from the current administration which cancelled the Constellation program -- thereby flushing 9 billion dollars down the toilet -- and putting many skilled engineers out of work . Oh yeah -- and then he cut back NASA 's budget to destroy plans for additional unmanned Mars missions . Makes Bush look pretty good , I 'd say.Oh yeah -- and the current occupant of the White House also wants to send people to an asteroid in 2025 -- if only he can figure out a way to get them there and what the heck they will do when they get there.Great DVD that shows what might have been , without people with the brains of a Twinkie running the space program .
 This is the second video tape in `` St. Elsewhere
 This is one of the very best `` rockumentaries '' ever ! I loved the whole thing , especially the interviews ... especially the ones with the ultra-talented producer/singer/song writer/pianist John Simon-my friend . You might consider checking out John 's own recordings .
 you 've heard their music , now hear their words . this dvd gives insight into an extrordinary album of the early 70 's ; a release that was polar opposite to much of the musical landscape of the era . timeless tunes created by five talented musicians . the joy on levon helm 's face is rich as he recounts how the harmonies of himself , richard manuel and rick danko were structured . an impromtu version of unfaithful servant performed by rick is just as emotionally poignant now , as it was on the lp . a couple keyboard demos by garth hudson is both pythonesque , and accomplished keyboardist , in it 's scope . and with much less screen time compared to the last waltz , robbie robertson has a word or two as well . after viewing this dvd , cue up the band 's lp on the turntable , or tray in the cd , and relive this great work once more !
 After viewing The Last Waltz on the Sundance channel everynight it was on , I was hooked on learning more about this group . Their sound is classic and if you 're into The Band you should buy this DVD if for no other reason than to watch the contemporary Garth Hudson play the organ . It will make you smile . Also , check out Levon Helm 's book This Wheel 's on Fire . An extremly interesting and realistic view of life on the road in this great rock and roll band .
 It was wonderful to sit down with this DVD and re-live some of the great music created by The Band . This DVD captures the feelings and the music of one of the most influential groups to come out of the 60 's . They had a unique and special sound and , as such , hearing about how they came up with that sound was very interesting . They are a magical group of highly talented musicians and this DVD offers insights into their creative process that only the ones that were there would know .
 What can be said ? An album that never ceases to deliver new surprises on repeat listening is now broken down track by track . Collaborative effort at its finest . Incredible musicianship , everybody plays many different instruments many different ways . A there is great poignancy . We get to the emotional center of many of the songs , and it is quite heartbreaking . This album was also a huge revelation about the power of `` roots '' music . Eric Clapton was inspired to quit the acid rock of Cream and even tried , unsuccessfully , to join the group .
 Great document about The Band 's `` brown '' album.This document explains how The Band recorded the album and what really happend during the songs.The outstanding Garth Hudson shows he is one of a kind.With his talent he made some fantastic sounds.You see Levon Helm , Robbie Robertson and Rick Danko looking back on their second album.If you love music and history you 'll have to see this one .
 I wanted to know more about `` The Band '' and its members and this DVD takes you back to their beginnings and highlights every member . Lots of comments and critiques by the remaining three members indicate they always had and still have great respect for each other . I wanted to know which voice went with which band member and this DVD shows that . Now I 'm even more impressed by their music and their talents .
 Very good comprehensive review on The Band . Gives good insight into the individual members and why some of their songs were written . A good addition to my collection .
 Hi , I am writing to make viewers aware that this product features my photographs , both on the covers and in the body of the film . I took them for the first two Band albums , MUSIC FROM BIG PINK and THE BAND . My latest book , WOODSTOCK VISION , THE SPIRIT OF A GENERATION , Backbeat Books , hardcover edition , was published in 2009 . It contains more photos of them , some previously unpublished , as well as my story from the time I knew them . My website , -LSB- ... -RSB- , has a lot more photos of them . -LSB- ... -RSB- . -- Woodstock Vision
 If you are a Band Fan you will like this video - you get to hear Robbie Sing - if you want to call it that . Levon enjoys some songs , Danko plays a few , and I do n't know what Garth was suppose to be doing but it is one for the collection and a great technical break down of their most popular songs . A great Buy ! Do it !
 If the rest of the `` Classic Albums '' series is as good as `` The Band , '' you can say goodbye to shows like VH1 's `` Behind the Music . '' While the VH1 shows are usually interesting , they really are n't `` Behind the Music , '' but rather `` Behind the Lives '' of the performers . You get some of that with `` The Band '' too , but the focus of this DVD really IS the music . It was a pleasure watching Levon Helm and Robbie Robertson especially talking with such love and affection about their music and how it was put together . Some great photos and live shots make this DVD a must-have for fans of The Band .
 Any fan of the Band 's music would get a lot out of seeing this documentary , which reveaks the creative process that went into their two masterworks , `` Music From Big Pink '' and `` The Band '' . Band '' the story of Music from Big Pink is also covered here . Great interviews and stories from producer/engineer Joe Simon , and band members Robbie Robertson , Levon Helm , Garth Hudson and Rick Danko as well as a fitting obit to Richard Manuel .
 I 've always like VH-1 's Classic Albums series and this episode does n't disappoint . Great interviews with Robbie , Levon , and other band members -LRB- Including Rick Danko , who died last December -RRB- . I love how they broke down Rag Momma Rag and Rockin ' Chair into it 's separate parts . A must for all Band Fans .
 When the `` Classic '' series of videos came out , I could only wish for anything on The Band . The `` Brown Album '' or their 2nd album is highlighted here in story and song . The interviews are well worth the price of admission . The Brown Album has always surfaced as one of the top 10 favorites of many other music artists . Watching Garth Hudson at the keyboard ; or Levon Helm explain his drum technique ; or sitting at the recording console and listening to the harmonies with producer John Simon , is a look inside of a group that changed the sound of North American music in the late 60 's to mid 70 's . This was probably their best effort of them all and to have it chronicled here is great . I have both the VHS & DVD versions . Since then I purchased Live at the New Orleans JazzFest .
 There 's nothing more to say than this is probably the best album ever recorded . I recommend this DVD to anyone . The Band never got the recognition they deserved ... it 's a shame . Their music is timeless and will be held with the highest honor in the hearts of their fans forever .
 As a die-hard Band fan for over 25 years , this DVD chronicles the making of their most historical works . Extremely well done . If you are a fan of one of the world 's most important bands , this DVD is a must have !
 This DVD has tracks from both The Bands first two albums . So you get some analysis of the first album -LRB- Big Pink -RRB- as well as the famous brown album . The reason being that they were all recorded at the same sessions.Its a fabulous documentary , with great interviews and analysis at the mixing desk , perhaps most memorably Levon who still gets carried away with the music.Little known gems like Whispering Pines are given added poignancy when Richard Manuels suicide is mentioned late on in the film . Sadly Rick Danko died a few years after this film was made . When you think that Richard Manuel , Rick Danko and Levon Helm all variously sang lead vocals , depending on the song , you begin to realise how unique this group was in its original line-up . Garth Hudson improvises at the keyboard for the camera a number of times demonstrating one of his many talents . We also see him playing Soprano Sax with John Simon - getting that classic Band horn sound.Although not discussed in the film , it is documented that Levon has a problem with Robbie , so Robbie gets little credit -LRB- if any -RRB- from Levon . I do n't think the reverse is true , but the truth in these matters is always difficult to establish.There is some great early 70 's footage of the group playing at the pink house , plus the inevitable clips from The Last Waltz.Various musicians , including Eric Clapton , George Harrison and Don Was extoll the virtues of the group and there are some interesting points made by Greil Marcus . Sometimes Marcus can be a little pretentious , but most of the time here he does n't go to far overboard.This is one of the best Classic Albums DVD 's and I would strongly recommend it for anyone who wants to learn more about one THE most important Rock 'n' Roll groups to come out of North America -LRB- four of them were Canadian -RRB- . Note this is a documentary , so most of the time the tracks are interrupted by people talking . If you want a concert DVD by The Last Waltz ...
 Anyone out there who is a huge fan of American music has to get this video . It allows viewers to glimpse into a time not to distant from the Beat poets , and see how artistic striving , and good feeling worked itself into something unique and and fervently American . Even though most of the members are Canadian , they capture the American spirit of Rock-n-Roll and change in a way most groups were incapable of doing . Check it out and then buy `` What happened to Kerouac '' .
 This is one of those movies that I did n't want to end . It is that good . Seeing Robbie , Levon , Rick , and Garth look back at this album , and talk in depth about the making of it , was pure heaven . Seeing the joy on Levon 's face when talking about Garth 's playing put a smile on my face . I 'm not waxing poetic here , folks . If you love the Band , do yourself a favor and get this DVD .
 A fine documentary of the making of a great record . Good insight from all sides of the event with interviews throughout featuring both Robertson and Helm as well as the rest of The Band . Clapton and Harrison -LRB- among others -RRB- also weigh in . In my opinion , this is as good as the Classic Album efforts on Pink Floyd 's DSoM and Dan 's Aja . Like those , do NOT miss this .
 I 'm a big fan of the `` Classic Albums '' series , which takes the viewer inside the process that resulted in some of our best rock albums . I 'd seen `` Who 's Next , '' `` Songs in the Key of Life , '' and `` Graceland '' before watching `` The Band , '' and had thoroughly enjoyed all of them . So my hopes were pretty high for this one and I was n't disappointed.It helps , of course , that the album itself was so good -- easily my favorite release by the group -- but the DVD helps to break down how they created tunes like `` King Harvest -LRB- Has Surely Come -RRB- '' `` Up on Cripple Creek , '' `` Jemima Surrender '' and so on through interviews with the band members and others involved , often as they sit at the recording console playing back particular pieces of music.Much of the commentary comes from Robbie Robertson and Levon Helm -- thankfully before their famous falling out , but we also get some words from the late , lamented Rick Danko , looking a little the worse for wear.Just an example of an insightful moment
 This documentary is a great journey through the history of this magnificent band.Each interview is a classic piece of footage that leaves an indelible mark on the heart and soul of the listener.Favorite story about the clavinet on Cripple Creek ... priceless ! A MUST have !
 If you 're a fan of the Band , or of music in general , you 'll want to watch this really well-done program . The interviews with members of the group , as well as the background info on the writing and recording of the songs were riveting .
 If you have even a passing interest in the Band , then buy this immediately . This presents them-and their genius-in an all new and more profound light . While their songs always sound fresh through the many years since they were first recorded , this DVD is like listening to them in remastered stereo for the first time , with exquisite headphones.The only weakness that I can see is that so many current groups , as well as musician at the time , were directly influenced by this album . This version of Classic Albums does n't capture the historical significance of this album , concentrating more on its production and aesthetics . But who cares ? This is a celebration of their music and one of the greatest albums of the rock era .
 This is a terrific video - especially if you are a fan of The Band.I never realized how great Richard Manual was until I saw this video .
 Rick Danko singing `` When You Awake '' solo with acoustic guitar makes this DVD worth buying.Naturally Robbie is on this DVD talking about music which is all he ever seems to do ...
 The Band is awesome . No doubt about it , but that 's just it . They were a BAND . Robbie Robertson -LRB- spelling correct -RRB- somehow fooled the other Band members into letting him have songwriting credit -LRB- and Robertson got them to particiapte , against their better wishes , in `` The Last Waltz '' concert and accompanying film -RRB- . Take a look at Band drummer Levon Helm 's book , `` This Wheel 's on Fire , '' and he explains that Robertson and someone in the Band 's management talked the group into giving Robertson sole -LRB- or majority -RRB- songwriting credit , so they all could supposedly benefit financially . Robertson got rich , while the others did n't . It 's a shame , since Helm , keyboardist Richard Manuel -LRB- RIP -RRB- and bassist Rick Danko -LRB- RIP -RRB- all had better voices than Robbie 's . There 's also a great photo in Helm 's book that has Helm showing Robertson how to play something on Robertson 's Stratocaster . Great picture . It shows that it was a group effort , but Robertson and `` The Last Waltz '' film erronneously claim Robertson as the leader and chief talent . `` The Last Waltz '' concert was filmed by Martin Scorsese , Robbie 's buddy . If Robertson truly was the lone genius of The Band , do n't you think his solo work would have been much better?Also , in the words of the Arkansas-born Levon Helm himself , `` Do you really think a guy from Canada -LRB- Robertson -RRB- wrote ` The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down ' all by himself ? ' ''
 We really enjoyed this because it went into the creative process and circumstances behind each song . It was very interesting , especially for musicians and hard core Band fans .
 I love this dvd . It is good to see those members of The Band who are no longer with us .
 This is a must have for all Band fans . Watchable and engaging .
 With the recent remastering and re-releasing of the full Band canon , interest in one of America 's greatest musical acts has never been higher . This is as good a time as any to pick up a copy of `` The Band , '' one in Rhino records series called `` classic Albums , '' which documents the making of classic albums . -LRB- other dvd 's include the Wailers , the Who , and the Grateful Dead -RRB- This dvd documents the classic lp `` The Band '' from 1969 . Filled with vintage footage of the Band in rehersals , as well as interviews with Robbie Robertson , Levon Helm , the reclusive Garth Hudson , and the late Rick Danko , `` The Band '' chronicles the making of this amazing album , focusing on the disparate musical influences - country , bluegrass , rockabilly , black R&B , rock n roll , and folk/Americana - that led to many of guitarist/vocalist Robbie Robertson 's greatest songs.The surviving members at the time of this documentary -LRB- made in 1997-pianist Richard Manuel had died in 1986 -RRB- add their own anecdotes to the music , giving the songs unique colors and life . Levon Helm , Robbie Robertson , and Garth Hudson -LRB- the most pleasant surprise on the dvd taking into account his well known reclusive nature -RRB- add to the fun by playing some of the tunes based on their perspective , offering running commontary as they go . Add to the Band 's perspective those of Eric Clapton , -LRB- who wanted to join the Band at one point -RRB- George Harrison , Elton John 's lyicist Bernie Taupin , and producer Don Was , and the cup of greatness runneth over.The performances , including `` The Weight , '' `` Rockin ' Chair , '' `` I Shall Be Released , '' `` The Unfaithful Servant , '' and `` King Harvest -LRB- Has Surely Come -RRB- , '' as well as a touching tribute to the late Richard Manuel , make the dvd all the more valuable to fans of the Band . The music is timeless , the interviews vintage , and the performances sparkle as they never have . That makes this dvd one to have in any collection.R.I.P . Richard Manuel and Rick Danko
 If you love The Band -LRB- is there such thing as a casual Band fan ? -RRB- you MUST own this ! There is some repetition of the usual stories , such as Clapton telling us his ` Big Pink ' story , but others are fresh and exciting . Also , there are solo tidbits that will break your heart . Robby doing Dixie , and Rick , God rest his soul , doing When You Awake . Absolutely essential .
 As a fan of the group , I decided to take a chance on this DVD though I knew nothing about it . It very easily could have been a dud , but it turned out to be something very special . The surviving members of the group actually participated in this documentary , and they show a lot of pride and a lot of affection for their days together , and for the music they made.Just watch Levon listening back to `` Rocking Chair , '' his eyes closed , delighted at the sound of Richard Manuel 's voice , basking in the joy of what The Band created together so many years ago . He still retains that modest , down-home quality that is so endearing.Then there 's `` Brother Garth . '' Band fans will find this DVD worth the purchase price just to see Garth improvising at the keyboard , displaying just what a lovable crazed-genius he really is.And then there is plenty of Robbie Robertson , giving some very insightful information about The Band 's writing and recording processes . Like Levon , Robbie just ca n't contain the thrill he obviously feels listening back to the original multitracks from the album.Unfortunately , it does n't appear that Robbie ever `` reunited '' with the others for this program , even if just to listen to the tracks together . The interviews are all done separately . But that 's not really a complaint , just an observation.Anyone who is a fan of The Band , and anyone who has a genuine interest in the creative process and in making music , will certainly love this DVD . I 'm a picky guy , but I gave this the highest rating I could .
 I am a huge fan of the entire Classic Series ; however do not let that fact make you feel I am being biased . This is the first time I 've watched one of the many of this series and was compelled to write a review and recommend its purchase.Excellent footage , interviews , and insight into a band with such an abundance of heart that only music could capture.Will never forget the endless days/nights of enjoying The Bands music , and the 1973 Roosevelt Stadium shows my friends and I were privileged to attend.It is all fantastic , but to watch Rick Danko being recorded in present day , playing guitar and singing `` When You Awake '' is worth way more then the price of admission . This DvD is priceless . Thanks to all involved for its production .
 I have a number of the DVD 's from the Classic Album series . I find this one to be particularly compelling and balanced . It is rare to see anything about The Band that includes input from both Robbie Robertson and Levon Helm and the DVD is all the better for it . I found that the fine editing kept Levon 's bitterness to a minimum -LRB- the `` someone needs to tune that guitar '' quip from Rocking Chair -RRB- and Robbie 's contribution to the whole affair balanced . The highlights include the improvisation of Garth Hudson at the keyboard and the insights of John Simon , who produced the first two Band albums and Jon Taplin . Levon sums it up well in the end . The movie is `` righteous '' .
 If you 're not a lifelong , hard shell Band addict , go to the next review . Only these people will probably appreciate the rest of this review . The following are my personal highlights.It has several different sections of footage of Garth . Intertwining classical , gospel , circus midway , blues , and folk licks , his nose approximately two inches from the keyboard , occasionally talking to the keyboards as he plays -- The man is beyond genius status . He 's also very cool.Watch and listen to Rick play `` When You Awake '' on flattop.Watch the unabashed joy in Levon 's face when he is at the mixing board listening to Richard and Rick -LRB- and himself -RRB- harmonize on `` Rockin ' Chair '' , or to Garth 's keyboards on `` Rag Mama Rag '' . -LRB- `` Ai n't it easy when you know how '' -- Levon on Garth 's playing -RRB- . Watch Robbie Robertson sing proudly into a purposely dead mike . You might fool some of the people some of the time ... Watch Robbie take credit for the writing when it was obviously a group effort almost every time.Richard wrote the lyrics to several songs ; Garth and Rick wrote a lot of the music -- very seldom did they receive credit -LRB- or royalties -RRB- -- only Robbie.Listen to Eric Clapton and George Harrison reveal that the Band 's music was beyond anything they had heard or played.Listen to Robbie 's chord work and his excellent explanation as to why the Band sang harmonies a certain way -LRB- that was all they could reach -RRB- and why he frequently played odd , partial guitar chords -LRB- they just sounded right -RRB- . Just watch and listen to Levon.Whether he 's singing , playing , or being interviewed , he is extremely entertaining . He , like Garth , is also one of a kind.Listen to Richard sing anything . I 'm positive he and Rick are members in good standing in God 's choir.This is a wonderful DVD . It has much more footage than the TV version I taped off of television . I bought it new . . , although I think it ususally sells for -LSB- more -RSB- . I would have paid -LSB- more -RSB- for it . If you 're a Band fanatic-this is a must have .
 This is an illuminating glimpse into the music and song craft of The Band . Composed primarily of interviews with individual members of the group and producer John Simon in studio settings discussing the music on their timelessly classic second studio recording `` The Band '' . This one is for music lovers . Many of the interviews take place at a mixing console in a studio , with John Simon , Robbie Robertson and Levon Helm adjusting track levels to bring up and highlight the various components of the mix . Absolutely fascinating stuff . Having listened to this music hundreds of times over the past 30 years , it was revelatory to hear some of the more creative parts of this complex whole isolated , with insightful commentary from the artists who created it.Also fascinating , in more of a train wreck kind of a way , was seeing the interview and solo studio performance asides of Garth Hudson and Rick Danko . Both brilliant artists , but both seemingly still paying the price of the lifestyle that accompanied the height of The Band 's fame . Rick 's remarks on the loss of his best friend Richard Manuel left me with chills , knowing that not too many more months from this interview and Rick would be gone from this place as well.Well worth the bargain price , this will be one of those rare DVD 's that I actually return to again and again .
 A fantastic , illuminating program on one of the greatest albums of all time . The previous reviews are right on the money ... this one is a joy to watch . Learning about the layers of vocals and instrumentation on songs like Rockin ' Chair is fascinating ... you will learn more about how the group worked from this video than from The Last Waltz -LRB- as great as that is in its own way -RRB- . There are riveting interviews with Robbie , Levon , Rick & Garth and even snippets of live performance as they show how some of the intricate sounds on the album were achieved . Just buy it already ! : -RRB-
 When purchased I thought it may have been an older concert they had put on to dvd . When it came in I found out it was a documentary on the making of the Bands self titled album . Then I thought it would be some thirty year old documentary they put on dvd . But I was very suprised and glad I bought it . Just recently made , I believe in 1997 , it interviews each of the living members of the Band even Robbie . Each telling how the album came together . Levon and Robbie , who take a few of the songs and put them on a mixing board to let you hear the individual voices and instruments , I found to be the most interesting . For any fan of the Band this is one you have to have . It talks about one the greatest albums ever made . Also purchased The Band Live at the New Orleans Jazz Festival . It was everything I thought it would be .
 I 've had some doubts when I first ordered it.I thought it might be poorly done , or just plain bad.I was wrong!It 's wonderfully done , great footage , great music , great people!You got ta love these guys !! A must have for every BAND 's fan .
 John IversonYou could be my silver springBlue green colors flashingI would be your only dreamYour shining over ocean crashingAnd did you say she was pretty?And did you say that she loves you?Baby I do n't want to knowI begin not to love youTurn around , see me runningI say I loved you years agoBut tell myself you never loved me , noAnd did you say she was pretty?And did you say that she loves you?Baby I do n't want to knowOh noAnd can you tell me was it worth it?Really I do n't want to knowTime cast its spell on youBut you wo n't forget meI know I could have loved youBut you would not let meTime cast its spell on youBut you wo n't forget meI know I could have loved youBut you would not let meI 'll follow you down till the soundOf my voice will haunt youYou 'll never get away from the soundOf the woman that loves youI 'll follow you down till the soundOf my voice will haunt youWas I just a fool?You 'll never get away from the soundOf the woman that loves youWas I just a fool?I 'll follow you down till the soundOf my voice will haunt youYou 'll never get away from the soundOf the woman that loves youYou could be my silver springMy blue green colors flashingDVD Audio ... Rumours ... Released 5/29/2001 ... Fleetwood Mac 's Rumours , one of the best selling albums in music history , the best album from one of the best rock bands of all time . Now added to the album lineup is the previously unreleased studio track Silver Springs , recorded during the Rumours sessions though not included on the original album . The album has advanced six channel resolution 5.1 surround recording to hear every enhanced tone . There are interviews for each song . The highlight song is Silver Springs.ALBUM HIGHLIGHTS
 This is not a review but a question . Is this the video that ends with the USC Trojan band playing along with Fleetwood Mac ? That 's the video that I 'm searching for .
 This DVD is a documentary on the making of the Fleetwood Mac `` Rumours '' album -LRB- as are all of the dvds in the Classic Albums series -RRB- . This DVD is amazing ! It chronicles the making of the album from the band themselves with new interviews , not just a compilation of old interviews mashed together . The original producers and band members dissect the original audio tapes to let you hear elements of the recordings that you may not have ever noticed before.A MUST for any Fleetwood Mac fan.The only drawback is the lack of DTS or Dolby audio .
 This is a great doucumentary on the making of `` Rumours . '' Great interviews with all the members , detailing each track and offering information on just what it took to put together this landmark album . It includes some very rare footage , and frank discussions about each track , including the illustrious `` Silver Springs '' which was bumped from the album in place of `` I Do n't Wan na Know . '' When the band finished the album , they had no idea what to call it . Since the tabloids were going crazy with rumors of who the band mates were sleeping with , if they were breaking up , drug use , and calling Stevie Nicks a practicing wiccan witch ... John McVie came up with `` Rumours . '' Hence the british spelling of the word !
 An honest and articulate accounting of the year that produced one of the finest pop albums ever made.As a musician , I was thrilled by the segments that take place in the studio with the original master tapes , breaking down the arrangements , revealing the extraordinary harmony singing , and exposing unused material.As a fan , I was moved by the almost incredible story of two couples breaking up but choosing to continue their work together . It seems that there could have been no `` Rumours '' without the angst that fueled the songs.Bravo to the producers of the `` Classic Albums '' series .
 If you enjoy the music , the story behind the making of this classic is very interesting . You get to hear firsthand accounts on the breakups and how Mick is the glue that kept them together as they were all unravelling -LRB- and in the 80s , they would reconvene for `` Tango in the Night '' due to Mick 's own unravelling.It goes into the Peter Green era and how Lindsey and Stevie joined the band , the smash success of the self-titled , and this follow-up to it.You can definitely see some bitterness in the sweet fruits of success they enjoyed , and some of `` The Dance '' is shown , as is some of the `` Rumours '' tour , and you can see Stevie and Lindsey 's drama unfolding on stage at that time with looks that kill towards each other.The songs are broken down by its creators , Lindsey shows off his fingerpicking skills -LRB- underrated as a great guitarist , but he 's filled Peter Green 's shoes which were big shoes to fill -RRB- , Christine sets up shop where she originally recorded `` Songbird '' and performs it to an empty theatre , which still makes the hair on your arms stand .
 This is a fabulous documentary on the album . And is only intended for those who actually know how to read the back of a video or DVD and realize it 's not a concert .
 Rumours is always on the best album lists and everyone knows it won the Grammy as album of the year in 1977 , but if you truly want to know why , then buy this video . It breaks down each song with Lindsey , Stevie , Chris , Mick and even the never-vocalizing John . They tell how they wrote the songs , recorded them and you get to hear how the harmonies came together so perfectly . The producers also explain how they worked their magic . Not too many people heard of `` Silver Springs '' before `` The Dance '' came out , but I knew of it and I heard of how the band tore out Stevie 's heart by not including it on the album . This video tells the story of how a legendary album was made and how one more song would have made it the most PERFECT album ever recorded . P.S I also ca n't say enough about `` Stevie - In Concert 1982 '' Buy these NOW !!!!
 ... Who buys a DVD without reading what it 's about ?? It 's a documentary with all 5 of the members discussing what was going on at the time they recorded Rumours . For those that were expecting to hear all the songs in full ... Um , do you own the CD ? This was to take you into the studio and show how the album was put together , the ideas that flowed in the studio , the stories behind the songs and why they were written . This is a must have if you 're a Fleetwood Mac fan .
 This video is very interesting and tells you a lot about the songs and what was going on at that time . And if you read the WHOLE outside of the box it does n't say anything about having all of the songs performed all the way though !
 My favorite parts were watching the three singers sing three of their songs solo . Stevie plays piano and sings `` Dreams '' beautifully . Lindsey gives us the acoustic version of `` Never Going Back Again '' , wonderful ! Christine sings `` Songbird '' the same way it was originally recorded , in an empty concert hall . I also liked the old concert footage . It 's interesting how the sound engineers and Lindsey break down the songs at the mixing table for the viewer . There 's even a bit of `` Oh Daddy '' with Stevie 's vocals in the front . Very interesting for FM fans .
 This entry in the Classic Album series is EASILY the juiciest and best . This was a band dealing with internal strife , drugs , jealousy , and pain . And it all came together into what would become one of the most iconic albums in rock and roll.In this series of interviews , you get the dish from each and every one of the band members as well as some objective comments from the album 's producer and engineer . It is a fascinating peek behind the curtain and rivals any soap opera you 've ever seen.Absolutely worth watching !
 The Rumours DVD is a retrospective documentary made 21 years after its release . Nothing more and nothing less . It 's appeal will primarily benefit those interested in the way the tracks were laid down , the underlying emotions that led to the creation of the individual songs , and hearing bits and pieces of the tracks with the other instruments removed . It 's important to remember that no filming occurred in the Record Plant -LRB- their recording studio -RRB- during the sessions . The film footage that did exist was all post production concert footage ; sound quality that is poor by present video based audio standards.With that said , those interested in learning how one of the most emotionally charged albums in Rocks history was created will find the DVD very gratifying . Those looking for film footage of the songs being played in their entirety will be disappointed .
 By far , one of the best videos I 've ever purchased . This video takes each band member down memory lane and you get a wonderful inside scoop to what was really going on behind the scenes making Rumors . Stevie , Christine , Lindsey , John & Mick tell of how their very personal struggles with each other had to be put aside for the survival of the band . With all the emotions running in high gear , no wonder this was their best album yet . I had to watch it a couple of times ... Remarkable video about a remarkable band .
 This DVD is fanstatic , the interviews are great the band has made it through all the tough times , they are going to have with each other and come out the other side.This insight to this classic album is just great a wonderful look , into their lives and problems they where having at the time.Now we can rely see and hear the rumours album the way it was.Now all that needs to happen , is for the record company to get off there back sides and re-issue the cd digitally remastered . While there at it do a new greatest hits digitally remastered , would be great too .
 While I am one of the more `` anti-Rumours '' Fleetwood Mac fans -LRB- I love the album , do n't get me wrong but it 's not FM 's best work and it is overrated -RRB- this DVD is a must have for any true Fleetwood Mac fan . We 've all heard the story about the relationships , Stevie and Lindsey , Christine and John , Stevie and Mick , the drugs , etc. but this release goes into what it 's all about ; the music . It 's really great to hear parts of the song such as the background vocals in You Make Loving Fun or the music as in Oh Daddy.This definitely brought a new perspective on the Rumours album for myself , a die-hard Fleetwood Mac fan .
 Amazing . What a treat ! This takes you inside the making of Rumors . This is one of the best albums of all time and I am so glad someone made this video . Worth every cent !
 If you love the Stevie and Lindsey era your going to love this CD !!! This is jam packed with interview with the entire band , how they got started , and all the ups and downs thru the years .
 Let 's be truthful here . If you 're a Fleetwood Mac fan ; seen the interviews on television , read the magazine articles , etc. , you will probably not glean much more information off of this DVD.However , you may pick up some new information . For instance , most of the information fans have gathered over the years has been the `` emotional '' aspect of the band 's Rumours period . What this DVD brings to the table is more of a technical aspect of making one of rock 's greatest albums.Oh ! and for the record
 I really loved the documentary . But I felt like it could have been a little more juicier . I was led to believe that it was a lot of trash talking about each other . That is was gossip at it 's best . I found it to be quite truthful . Stories about each band members experiences in the group . It was just simply , the truth . No lies . It was n't alway 's wonderful times . I guess it just was n't anything I have n't heard before . But , it is still great to have for my collection of Fleetwood Mac music videos , documentries , etc. .
 Fleetwood Mac in the studio how cool is that . Ever wondered what it was like working with the Mac or the workings behind a record this is for you . Well worth the time to watch . The music is a big plus ! It 's always nice visiting rumors again and what a way to visit . This does n't disappoint .
 I love the classic Albums series . At this time I have ten of the DVD 's and just ordered 3 more . So I am somewhat biased in my opinion . It 's easy to see why the Rumours album is considered a classic . Every song on the album is great . The video gets into the creative process behind some of the songwriting and the inspiration for some of their ideas.During the recording of the album there were two couples in the band basically going through the process of breaking up . So there was a lot of tension behind the scenes , as they were putting the album together . When you hear the final product , though , you would never know it . At least they were still able to maintain a certain level of professionalism as musicians and a band.I have not yet purchased one from the series I have n't thoroughly enjoyed . I am a musician myself and I compose and record my own music . I love getting the inside scoop on how these albums are made and the behind the scenes look at the processes of songwriting and recording . These videos often get into the impact many of these albums have on popular music and how some have influenced musicians who have come after them . Great series . I want to buy them all .
 I 've enjoyed the music and their presentation of it , but this foremat of letting us understand how they do it is very interesting . The interplay between the members is really enlightening , especially as it affects their writing and phraseology . I got real pleasure with this format . JRF
 it 's good to go back and see how the band members felt and recall their time in making this very important album . i just love how the engineers and producers can go back to the studio and select different tracks , break them down so you can hear what went into them instrument by instrument . lindsey buckingham is a wizard in the studio . stevie nicks and christine mcvie are philosophical about those times and are interviewed in nice settings . mick and john are their practical selves . yea the music clips come up a little short . but it 's not a concert tape . i 'm glad they could put some of those clips in . an important look back on the making of one of the most important albums of all time .
 Fleetwood Mac goes way back as a RnB band , but when Christine McVie , and Buckingham and Nicks , joined , they could n't have made a better move nor better music . It 's a shame that Stevie Nicks said she gave up on having children to keep Fleetwood Mac going , but that 's on her head .
 I was so happy to receive this vhs item . All and more than expected.The price could n't have been better ... unless free of course ! But what a deal ! Thank-you ! All packaging , Quality and time of shipment was great !
 It 's Fleetwood Mac , what can I say ? Anything involving their music and history is a plus . You just got ta love it !!
 I am a huge Fleetwood Mac fan and was very happy that I found this album . It works great !!!! I am also amazed by the service and how caring they are . I will be buying from them again !!!
 First off , let me say that several people have reviewed this item incorrectly . The item above is NOT the AUDIO DVD of the Rumours album -LRB- DVD-A -RRB- . The Audio DVD is a completely different experience than the item you are looking at . This item is a regular `` movie '' visual-type DVD that includes interviews with the band and that breaks down the music peice by peice . It 's been on TV before ... and , it 's been available on VHS for quite a long time . With that said ... Being a huge FM and Stevie fan , I purchased this on DVD hoping that it might have additional footage or features that were not on the VHS -LRB- which , of course I have already -RRB- . Well sadly , there is nothing additional on the DVD . However , this is still such a GREAT thing to have . It 's absolutely amazing to listen to Stevie , alone at her candlelit piano , singing `` Dreams '' . It makes me cry because it 's so beautiful . That 30 seconds of video ALONE is worth the purchase price . It 's incredible to hear the music `` taken apart '' at the soundboard , instrument by instrument , sound by sound , voice by voice . It really helps you understand and appreciate the painstaking process this was for all of them . If you 've never seen it , you really should buy it - on either format - DVD or VHS - it really makes no difference .
 The GoodAhh , turmoil makes for good albums , but who did n't know that 's what Rumours was all about . It 's still quite interesting to hear Fleetwood Mac tell the stories themselves of how the songs that made up their landmark album came together . Why `` Rhiannon '' is included here is beyond me , it was n't even on that album . The song was released when Buckingham and Nicks joint the group one album prior , so there 's some significance . It was Christine that came up with the chunky riff that dominates `` You Make Loving Fun '' , but together with Lindsey they made a masterpiece . Between a classic live performance of the song , John and Christine discuss their troubled relationship during the recording . Stevie Nicks reveals that she wrote `` Dreams '' in Sly Stones bed , and how Lindsey always had a way to make her songs sound great , when he was happy with her . The Scottish/Irish folk influenced `` Second Hand News '' was a Buckingham contribution . He reveals that he was listening to the Bee Gee 's `` Jive Talking '' at the time he wrote it . Mick Fleetwood offers an interesting little tidbit here ; he was n't the odd man out when it came to dysfunctional relationship . Not only were Lindsey and Stevie & John and Christine on the skid , he was dealing with his best friend sleeping with his wife . They 're still friends today though.Mick breaks down the little pieces that make up `` Go Your Own Way '' in the studio to show how it all comes together . Lindsey demonstrates on an acoustic guitar how important the background riff to the song was . Some great stories come out of the discussion of `` Never Going Back Again '' . Stevie and Christine always had each other to turn to , John emphasizes how drug use was common place back then , but realizes how bad they were , and the producers tell a hilarious story of mishandled drugs . You 've got ta love Lindsey 's afro in the video for `` Do n't Stop '' . The band goes into how the song is connected to President Clinton . The producer states that he felt `` Songbird '' sounded like a concert hall type song , so they booked a concert hall to record it . They set up a piano with flowers and champagne for Christine to play away . They include performance footage in which I ca n't tell if it 's Christine back then or Christine today . She really has n't aged a bit . The DVD covers the song `` Silver Springs '' which did n't actually appear on the album . The producers said they had to cut it due to time space . There 's a live performance of `` The Chain '' from the eighties , circa Lindsey 's funny hat days . The group reveals that the song was changed at the last minute to make it work.The BadThe group does their interviews separate from each other.The VerdictThe stories are just as compelling as the album .
 I 've read several reviews of this DVD and have some advice . Learn how to operate your DVD player ! I 've heard people say they were expecting a documentary , and people expecting the Rumours album uninterrupted . This DVD contains both and is an excellent investment for any Fleetwood Mac or music fan in general.For Fleetwood Mac fans , the opportunity to hear Go Your Own Way , followed by Silver Springs is priceless and the way that these songs were meant to be heard -- point/counterpoint . For those of us out there who have been listening to this album since 1977 , you will be astounded by the harmonies , the instrumentals , and vocals that have never been heard before , even on the highest quality CD.For the general music fan , Fleetwood Mac fan or not , this DVD is pure musical craftsmanship ! The sound quality , vocals , etc. are top notch and can be enjoyed by anyone with a love and/or knowledge of music that stands the test of time . The music on Rumours is not dated in any way . The theme of love lost , covered in Dreams , Go Your Own Way , and Silver Springs , to name a few , along side the theme of love found , covered by You Make Loving Fun , Do n't Stop , and Songbird are as timely today as they were in 1977 . In other words , something for everyone , and a cut above the rest .
 How would you like it if you were breaking up with a spouse or lover , but while you were doing it , you were forced to spend fifteen hours a day with that person for a solid year ? Oh and by the way ... your former love would be writing publicly about the whole experience ! That 's pretty much the dilemma the members of the music group , Fleetwood Mac experienced , while making one of the biggest selling rock albums to come out of the 1970s . The history of this album 's creation is explored in this episode of Rhino 's Classic Albums series documentary , `` Fleetwood Mac Rumors '' . This is an episode of a series , where performers , writers and producers analyze and talk about a classic album they helped create . In this case we get imput from producer Keith Olsen and all the members of the ` Rumors era ' Fleetwood Mac.The documentary is excellent in giving us access to vintage film clips and beautiful stills of the band from the mid to late '70s . More importantly the members of the band give detailed stories and explanations of the real life ` soap opera ' behind the album 's songs . Some of them were funny -LRB- the band diving for a huge bag of fake cocaine , that was droped to the floor -RRB- or sad -LRB- how Christine McVie could barely talk to her former husband , while making the album -RRB- . The viewer also gets to follow Lindsey Buckingham , Mick Fleetwood and Producer , Ken Olsen into the original studio and listen to the recordings being broken down by their musical and vocal tracks . We get to hear the intricacies of Mick Fleetwood 's expansive drumming style and how John McVie 's bass led each song . The tracks also show what an underated guitarist , Lindsey Buckingham really is and the beauty in the stand alone harmonies of Stevie Knicks & Christine McVie . But my favorite part of the documentary is Christine McVie 's live performance of the tune `` Songbird '' at the very same auditorium she used to record it over twenty five years ago . Watching her perform this lovely , but heartbreaking song still sends shivers down my spine ! If you are fan of Fleetwood Mac or just plain old rock n ' roll in general , then this DVD is not to to be missed ! Highly recommended !
 This was easily the most enlightening of the various Mac documentaries made around the time of the `` Dance '' reunion . The band members all provide insightful commentary on their contributions to `` Rumours , '' and each of the writers -LRB- Stevie , Lindsey and Christine -RRB- performs a solo version of one of their songs from the album . Best of all , though , are the in-studio breakdowns of the eleven tracks . We get to hear the bone-chilling screams at the end of `` Gold Dust Woman '' and the beautiful acoustic guitar work on `` Silver Springs , '' for example , stripped of all accompaniment . These segments of the video make the intricate craftmanship of the album more obvious -- and breathtaking -- than ever before .
 I have purchased this DVD , and love it . I have been a Fleetwood Mac fan for over 25 years -LRB- yes , the Stevie/Lindsey lineup -RRB- . Yes , like some have said , the audio and video are n't the best that are out there on the market , but it 's good and entertaining to hear from the band members and the producers what went into it - emotionally and technically . But , this is NOT the DVD-Audio of Rumours that has recently been released . This DVD is a video DVD , not the audio of the original recordings put into a digitalized 5.1 / surround sound format . I purchased this video DVD about one year ago , and the Rumours DVD-A was just released this past spring of 2001 . Some people have reviewed the DVD-A here in error . As much as I enjoy watching this DVD -LRB- over and over again -RRB- , the DVD-A is awesome - when played on a surround-sound system , or on a DVD Audio player . So , for all of us real fans , buy this DVD , watch it to find out what the recording was really like , then buy the DVD-A to hear what it was actually like . Makes you feel like you were in the studio with them !
 If you are a Fleetwood Mac fan then this should be in your collection ASAP . The sound quality is excellent for DVD . If you 're a recording engineering type you 'll love how Richard Dashut and Ken Calliat -LRB- and sometimes Lindsey Buckingham -RRB- break down each song to understand the core of a song . Christine McVie 's `` Songbird '' is extremely powerful .
 If the archival video footage of the songs had been shown in their entirety , I would rate this DVD a 10 + . That stuff is out there , these clips are teasers . In fact , I own some old FM concert VHS tapes which I purchased when new -LRB- Tusk documentary , Mirage tour , etc -RRB- . I look at the vaults on The Very Best of Fleetwood Mac cd and wonder why not DVD ? Frustrating , they would look and sound great . Still , I never saw the Rumours photo session footage which is included on this DVD and that was an unexpected treat even if it was too short . I knew at the time of Rumours release that there was a lot of turmoil going on in the band but had no idea to what extent until I watched these interviews . All 's well now apparently since they have a new cd due out in April . I sure will miss Christine , though . I recommend this DVD to any old diehard Fleetwood Mac fans who crave anything from those good old days and also to the new ones so that you can learn about their history .
 A spectactular review of Rumours and of the group itself , this `` Classic Albums '' DVD adds to the already sizeable reputation of Fleetwood Mac . The original album alone speaks for itself -LRB- certainly one of the top 5 albums of all time -RRB- but to now hear all members dissect each song with memories and anecdotes on this DVD made these songs an extremely joyful experience all over again for me.Listening to the group discuss these classic songs now -LRB- these are 1997 interviews -RRB- , one can still see some of the intense emotions that constituted the making of the album . Whether it 's Lindsey Buckingham reminiscing about the making of `` Gold Dust Woman '' or Stevie Nicks talking about her emotions during the recording of `` Go Your Own Way '' , the viewer gets a true feeling for the emotional committment that each member made during this period . Candid , intense and informal and also with the benefit of 20 years perspective , the producers have added another cornerstone in the ongoing drama that makes this group so popular.All song selections are also looked at from a sound engineers perspective using the original tapes and a multi track sound board . We see how the vocals were broken down and how the instrumentation fit in ... basically how each song was built and what influences were used -LRB- i.e. Lindsey Buckingham admitting that he `` borrowed '' some `` textures '' from the Bee Gees song `` Jive Talking '' -RRB- . Context of the times during these original recordings is a big part of each song 's discussion and the mix of interviews with just the right amount of music makes this DVD a pleasure to watch over and over again.With Fleetwood Mac back out on the road again -LRB- for their 2003 Tour minus Christine McVie -RRB- , the group will undoubtedly get another popularity injection ... this DVD shows the group in relatively recent interviews and should show a different generation the `` power '' of Fleetwood Mac . Highest recommendation !!
 For any Fleetwood Mac fans this DVD is excellent . It is a documentary on the making of Fleetwood Mac 's finest album `` RUMORS '' . The video and audio quality is great . Also , the interviews with each bad member on their impressions , emotions and artistic review of each song really makes one appreciate Rumors more !
 Besides being an interesting and wonderful description of all the songs on Rumours , it turns out that this DVD is an overall great summary of the history of the band and the relationships of it 's members . I 've sent it to a few of my friends who are attending the 2009 Unleashed tour - seeing Fleetwood Mac for the first time - so they can appreciate what these songs meant to the members in the band and what was going on behind the scenes at the time . It includes fantastic filmed performances from the 70 's of each song and the band members really open up in telling the story behind this amazing album and everything that was going on around them at the time . There 's no doubt that , after watching this , you will be seeking out their other DVD 's -LRB- and I still ca n't believe that the Tusk Documentary and Mirage Concert have not been re-released onto DVD !!!!! -RRB- The VHS copies still around are worth finding!Current recommendations
 This comes from the great `` Classic Albums '' series and is a fantastic look behind the making of Rumours . Featuring interviews with all band members and their producers you get a real sense of the turmoil and creativity that went into each song.From the conception of many of the songs to how they became layered , completed mixes , I love hearing each songwriter 's story . There are a few performances such as `` You make loving fun '' , `` Dreams '' and the `` Chain '' but this is not for you if you just want to see live performances . Nevertheless this is a great doco ,
 Returning to the circumstances surrounding the recording of the Fleetwood Mac 's `` Rumours '' is as nostalgic , glowing and painful for the viewer as it is for the members of the band . That 's a great accomplishment for a documentary . We find our own experiences that we attached to the songs back in 1977 were perhaps rosier than those who wrote , sang and recorded this pop masterpiece . But we 've all aged and experienced much of what these artists have and were immersed in at the time ; and it 's brave of them not only to have recorded it in the first place , but to return to the experience with such candor . And `` big '' love does n't really leave us . Its face may change or we may hold it closer to or farther from us , but once we 've experienced it , those chains will always `` keep us together . '' Very personal filmmaking here with exquisite sound .
 I loved this video ! Having bought multiple copies of the album , cassette , and finally CD -LRB- which does n't wear out ! -RRB- , it should be obvious that I 'm ecstatic about the music . Now , I 've added this wonderful inside look to my collection . If you 're a Fleetwood Mac `` Rumours '' fan , this is the best gift you could receive from someone ! Every Fleetwood Mac fan will love this on their shelf to replay at will . Phenomenal !
 For one who does n't know much about how music is recorded and mixed , this is a great DVD . No , it is n't just show clips of the Rumours songs , which some people may be looking for , but it tells you how each song came together . This is a wonderful history of how this album was created .
 This video was awesome ! For anyone who is fascinated with the dynamics of Fleetwood Mac , this video gives the scoop on the incredible Rumors recording . It tells about the circumstances surrounding the composition of many of the classic songs , and gives the story about why Silver Springs was n't included on the album . Buy it now ... you wo n't regret it !
 Awesome DVD love the group.Love the alblum.Love this DVD with all it 's commentary from group members this is a must have for true blue or casual fans of Fleetwood Mac .
 Classic ; never really realized how much better than the previous album this record was . Saw these guys in Boulder , with 50,000 other people in the rain . Started raining when they came on and quit when they finished . Great show .
 I have been waiting for this dvd since i saw the trailer and battle footage on youtube , and now over a year later the event is finally available . This in my opinion is the definative 1 on 1 bboy event of the year , bringing together some of the worlds top talent . Granted there are some editing problem , one of Hong10 's signature moves is n't caught in his first battle with Moy -LRB- but if you go to the slow motion featurette you see it in all its illmatic glory -RRB- The single biggest flaw on this dvd is the original music is dubbed over by tracks from Dj Ace , who actually DJ ` ed the event . It does suck and i hope there is an explanation as to why -LRB- i am guessing maybe they/Red Bull were not able to get the rights to the songs -RRB- but it is somewhat bearable . I also hope that this will mean the 2004 event will be on dvd soon , hopefully with its original music intact . Along with the new music there is a major flub during Storms set between the semi and final rounds . The screen goes white for a second and cuts to a front shot of Storm and a set worker using clappers to start the scene , I do n't know how this got past the people who made this , its not like they had to rush , the event is over a year old . Regardless of the flaws this dvd is a must own , its that good .
 I 'm a bboy and i bought this dvd to learn more about the best breakers around today and it was really tight . The battles are great and the DVD is well done like the interface and everything . The special features are nice too . It also lets you see and hear the bboys more closely . The only downside for me was the music because it 's not really break beats but is still not bad at all so it deserves a 5 . If your thinking about buying it do it .
 Positives
 I like this one . I felt this video was better than most new breaking videos . It was the the angle they used that made the video interesting.The camera angle around the b boys seems to go back and forth . Also the slow motion at the end looks pretty visible and fluid and makes you wonder how did they all come up with this ? It has it 's downisdes too , but the music was a thumbs up .
 This video was the reason I got back into breakdancing at the age of 26 after not doing it for the last 8 years . I ca n't wait for it to come out . I 've only been able to see the highlights and the live German documentary about it while I was in Europe . This is a must have for all break dance fans .
 Losing Chase is a very moving film , excellently acted by Helen Mirren , Kyra Sedgwick and Beau Bridges . This is the first film directed by Kevin Bacon . I hope that he will continue to act , direct and play great folk/pop music with his brother , Michael as the Bacon Brothers .
 As a mother of three young children , estranged from my husband in the 80 's , confronted with powerful emotions of attraction for a young woman , I connected with the torment of Chase Phillips . I note that she was referred to as psychologically troubled , but to be honest , when faced with such an attraction that society has labelled as a `` sickness '' does one wonder why . However , do we not realize that if allowed to be true to one 's nature , it would not be psychologically troubling at all , but , rather , liberating . Thank you for an incredible story , one I was thrilled to claim as my own . I thank the universe for the courage to be true to my nature and the life that courage has allowed me to live . Thankfully I did not have to sacrifice my mental health or my children ; but have enjoyed a rich relationship with all for the past 12 years . The children are moving on with their lives now , and mom is enjoying life in her 40 's . It can go unsaid of course , I 've been smitten with Chase Phillips since viewing Losing Chase . Helen Mirren , you have a hopelessly devoted fan in Austin Texas .
 This is a thinking woman 's type movie . For this concerns one that has reached a certain age , a certain stature , ` happily ' married with a child and then the dawning -LRB- and daunting -RRB- realization that her life is a hollow shell . Self expression without self , an artist barely passed a failed suicide riddled with doubt now neither a wife or a mother . Then there is an awakening back to herself - an epiphany of who she is and who she wants . But at what cost?Helen Mirren plays this role like a suit of clothing , her sheer ability to progress from a drugged automaton to the self aware woman that ` what she has is not enough ' . The supporting cast of Kyra Sedgwick as the nanny/nurse and Beau Bridges as the trying to comprehend husband are also excellent . Without revealing the plot the interaction of the three actors is superb.The plotline is totally believable and realistic - there are no true villains here -LRB- or heroes -RRB- just everyday people trying to cope with life situations that are almost more then they can handle . I felt empathy with each of the characters , their actions and reactions were totally understandable within the framework of the film.So , bottom line , this is a good movie but it is definitely character driven . Personal awareness and growth are themes that resonant to all .
 I , personally , am not a lesbian . I would recommend this movie to any of the `` GaY Phobia '' people . The fact that Mirren turns out to be a lesbian has no baring on the emotions you will express while watching this film . It has a wonderful cast of characters and exceptional use of words . I would recommend this to anyone 13 yrs or older , of any gender , and any sexual prefrence .
 This film really struck me . I was n't sure what it was about when I started watching it . I only knew that it was about a troubled woman . I think that I was able to totally feel the pain of Chase and understand her emotions , even though she came from a totally different place in life then where I 'm at . I would reccommend this movie to anyone who enjoys beautiful scenery , a moving story , and superb acting .
 This movie captivates you from the very beginning . You can almost feel Mirren 's condition and are pulled into it . I was asking myself why Sedgwick would want to take on such a challenging task of taking care of a woman in her condition when she had already had to deal with it in her own family . However , the movie gelled for me when she faced off with Mirren in the pouring rain in such a tormented state trying to find answers to her past . This not only was a healing moment for Elizabeth , but a turning point for Chase as well . This movie showed the depth of a woman who went along and played by all the rules , until it proved too much . I was a little sad at the end when Chase 's husband left and found another woman , yet Elizabeth did not stay . But the title does sort of give it away . You felt good though , knowing she had a new direction in life and a better understanding of herself .
 After I viewed this movie I was so thankful to have been taken in by this story . Helen Mirren was one of my favorite actresses before seeing her in this movie , but this one clinched it for me . As she found out who and what she was , I suffered and cried with her for her pain . What a moving story ...
 This movie flowed through me . Witnessing the birth and realization of Chase 's wanton self enraptured me . The story , soft and believably true was superbly acted and Kevin Bacon should be applauded for his direction.This film -LRB- and Helen Mirren -RRB- took my hand and drew me in . It 's a must see for any hopeless romantic and emotionally intelligent person .
 Just fantastic ! A really human look at despair and life 's frustrations when dealing with depression , and how love conquers all . This is a romantic love story - granted , between two women - but a love story nonetheless . It also deals with the understanding of children and husbands in situations where love becomes the best medicine . Again - I loved this film and the character development . The film , for a debut of Kevin Bacon 's directing capabilities , is a real find !
 While the first half feels predictable and very TV movie , theperformances are good enough -LRB- especially Helen Mirren -RRB- to keep itgoing.And in the second half , this tale of a collage student mother 's helperhired to help a woman in an angry depression after suffering a nervousbreakdown gets more complex and unpredictable.The relationship between the two women , and they way their damagedsouls play off each other is quite moving and grown up.Strong subtle direction by Kevin Bacon.Does take a hit for over the top performances from the kids , and otherkey small roles , all playing types , not human beings .
 I know this is the kind of film that would be shunned by the general public . It 's a downer , it 's heady , it 's hard for many people to relate to . But for me , it is art . It has a purity , an innocence , and beauty you rarely find in films today . I applaud Kevin , Helen and Kyra for risking so much with this movie -- it is lovely -- if you 're not afraid to look inside .
 Firs of all , let me start by saying that within the last 2 years I have become a huge fan of MMA , especially the UFC thanks to the energetic support from Spike TV making these events available and accesible to the masses ; Not all the bouts in this event were great but just to have the Matt Hughes - St Pierre fight is totally worth the price ; And even though St. Pierre is no longer the Welterweght champion , he is a well rounded fighter and I hope to see more of him in this sport ; Solid effort by Zuffa distributing these dvds , Long live the UFC
 November 18 , 2006Location ARCO Arena , Sacramento , CaliforniaIn the headline fight of the night , Georges St. Pierre finally gets his chance at redemption against the champion that had barely defeated him early on in his career . St. Pierre , now a seasoned and complete fighter , gets another crack at welterweight giant , Matt Hughes . The co-main event features heavyweight champion , Tim Sylvia , defending his coveted title against challenger Jeff Monson.The night opens with Joe `` Daddy '' Stevenson -LRB- Matt Hughes 's first selection on The Ultrimate Fighter Season 2 -RRB- vs. Dokonjonosuke Mishima . Stevenson , already a veteran in MMA , impresses once again.Next , rising heavyweight -LRB- should probably be light heavyweight -RRB- star Brandon Vera gets his `` biggest '' fight yet in the UFC against former champion on the comeback trail , Frank Mir . Mir has not looked good at all in his comeback fights inside the octagon and now he is facing a younger , faster fighter in Vera . Vera has made the claim that he would eventually secure both the light heavyweight and heavyweight belts , but let 's just concentrate on beating the washed up fighter in front of you to pad your record first . This one is fun to watch ... Everyone loves a standup fight - and that is what we would all expect from Alessio Sakara and Drew McFedries . Sakara is a boxing champ from Italy and McFedries seems to be the new `` Robbie Lawler '' out of team Miletich . This one is a slugfest!UFC newcomer Hector Ramirez takes on James `` Sandman '' Irvin . This is a decent fight and you wo n't have to sit through three full rounds , as it does not go the distance.Co-main event time !!!! Feel free to take a nap at this point . Just as expected , the very short Jeff Monson has extreme difficulty getting past the lurching Tim Sylvia 's long arms . Sylvia does n't do much to try to end this one and Monson ca n't seem to do much , so this one just wears on and on.The fight we all wanted to see
 As a UFC fan , this event had some good fights . I bought it while I was away from home and t.v so I started collecting all of the UFC 's . It became just another DVD to the collection .
 UFC 65BAD INTENTIONS1.Jake O'Brien vs. Josh Schockman-Jake takes this fight by a judges decision after three rounds of not much . This was an ok fight O'Brien controlled the whole fight basically taking Josh down every time they were stood up . Over all this was a decent start to the event .2 . JAMES IRVIN vs. HECTOR RAMIREZ-Irvin takes this fight in the second round with a beautiful straight right hand that catches Ramirez after he throws a lazy left hook . The entire fight was great ; this was an excellent addition to the card .3 . SHERMAN PENDERGARST vs. ANTONI HARDONK-this was a great fight , back and forth while the fight lasted , Antoni takes this fight after a nice combo with a left , right punch combo followed immediately by a vicious leg kick that takes out Sherman . This was a very entertaining fight , nice bout .4 . NICK DIAZ vs. GLEISON TIBAU-the first round of this fight was amazing , a great technical battle on the ground . Both fighters were giving it all they had , but by the end Tibau was gassing and looking pretty bad . In the second round Tibau was far too gone and gassed out , basically Diaz just out lasted him and got the win when the ref stopped the fight .5 . JOE STEVENSON vs. D. MISHIMA-this one ends in the first round when Mishma taps out after a deep guillotine choke , it would take two of these though to get him to tap out . This was a good but quick fight , nice edition to the show .6 . FRAMK MIR vs. BRANDON VERA-extremely surprising how quick this match was , I did not expect this fight to be over at just over one minute . After a well placed knee from Vera Mir goes down and is dominated on the ground , great win for Vera .7 . ALESSIO SAKARA vs. DREW McFEDRIES-very exciting fight between these two warriors , this was a beautiful back and forth battle standing up . It looked as if Drew was winning the stand up but soon Sakara was taking over the lead . The round went back and forth between the two until Sakara sir came to Drew towards the end of the round when the ref stopped it . Excellent fight , possibly the best on the card .8 . -LSB- HEAVYWIEGHT CHAMPIONSHIP -RSB- TIM SYLVIA vs. JEFF MONSON-this was a pretty good fight between these two gladiators of the octagon . This fight would end up going the distance and have a sorry crowd in my opinion . After a really good fight that showcased both fighters really well , the crowd started booing Sylvia just because he did n't knockout Jeff . They should have shown the proper respect to both fighters and applauded these two for giving up a great fight . Over all Tim wins by decision .9 . -LSB- WELTERWIEGHT CHAMPIONSHIP -RSB- MATT HUGHES vs. GEORGE ST. PIERRE-my favorite fight of the evening saw GSP defeat Matt Hughes with a some what dominate performance . I really have never liked Hughes to much but this fight changed that . His sportsmanship after his loss changed my mind about the man as I thought he would cry about the loss . But he did n't and one of my all time favorites GSP became the champ with an excellent performance with a great TKO victory over a great defending champ in Hughes
 One hell of a thriller with more twists than a cork screw . A well crafted movie with a fine cast . Not drenched in dark photography like many of today ` s films . A good marriage between the music and the film , in that it complemented rather than obstructed the story . Music by Graeme Revell , released in 2002 .
 I enjoyed this movie . Surprise ending and that 's what I love . Held my interest throughout the movie . Would highly recommend this to everyone .
 This movie is interesting and plenty of suspense as to who did what . I enjoyed this movie as different to the others and is worth buying and keeping . James Belushi plays an excellent part and suits him down to his toes . I enjoyed the other shows of hes and I must say some roles make you feel your right there with him .
 I just rated this 5 stars because it only had 1 star and now it will have three .
 We have enjoyed all of the Rudy Maxa DVD travel series , especially in BluRay . The programs help when viewed prior to travel and are most enjoyable post-travel . Rudy captures and best of every location . He also enjoys food and beverage , which we appreciate in our household .
 The video quality is outstanding . Watching this video gives the viewer a glimpse of 3 very interesting cities as seen by Rudy Maxa . The video definitely entices the viewer to want to visit these cities . It is a great travel video .
 As the eldest son of Virginia McKenna and the late Bill Travers - and as CEO of Born Free USA and The Born Free Foundation - I found it hard to watch Elsa 's Legacy
 This is a most fascinating glimpse into the lives of George and Joy Adamson after Elsa came into their lives . The highlights are actual film footage of Elsa that the Adamsons shot at various stages of Elsa 's life , including after her return to the wild . This is a must have , especially if you own the Born Free DVD.It 's an hour filled with laughter and tears .
 I have , throughout my life , treasured the true story of Elsa , the Adamson 's and of the offspring Elsa never got to raise . I even skipped school to see the movie , daily , in our city for 2 weeks.Many people never seem to realize the fight or struggles that the Adamson 's endured with their plight in preserving wildlife and more so the challenge of getting Elsa back into her free heritage . George 's murder , like Dian Fossey years later , depicted the ruthless diplomatic and political controversies they were challenged with as well as with the tribes who had yet other ulterior motives.Bill Travers , who depicted George Adamson in the movies ` Born Free ' and ` Living Free ' , son is an honorary chair to the BORN FREE USA Foundation which is trying to keep wildlife where it belongs ... in the wilds and not in zoos ; circuses ; research labs and heaven forbid , our own back yard . site can be found at
 This is a great summary program about all of the work George and Joy Adamson did . It features Elsa , Boy , Christian , and the lives and personalities of George and Joy . A lot of perspective from Mrs. McKenna who played Joy in the film .
 This documentary retells the story of Elsa and the people who freed her , George and Joy Adamson . I can not say enough good things about it and I will not even start to list its merits . Worth owning !
 This is an excellent documentary of Elsa 's life . The photography of Elsa with the Adamson 's is spectacular . Highly recommended for all ages .
 If you loved Born Free and the story of Elsa the lioness then you will love this documentary . Lots of never before seen pictures and video relating to Elsa and also George and Joy Adamson.Truly gives you the complete story and then some.Plus it is on bluray.Cannot beat that .
 The story of Elsa and what goes on after her death , the good will and the work the Anderson &#8217; s started and the tragic way they both died . It is a must see if you loved &#8216; Born Free &#8217; the movie or the book , or if you saw &#8216; To Walk With Lions . &#8217; This gives a more in-depth depiction of what went on behind the seen .
 This was a good card with two title fights and a solid undercard . Ignore the other reviewer who gave it one star because of the image quality . It is fine and he probably got a bad copy of it .
 UFC 64UNSTOPPABLEThis was a very historic event in my mind , mainly because of the huge upset that regardless of what people say now was not expected .1 . KURT PELLEGRINO VS JUNIOR ASSUNCAO-this was a quick opening fight to the event with a great rear naked choke applied by Kurt . Junior did the best he could in this one but he was over come early by Kurt . A great quick opening bout .5 / 52 . CLAY GUIDA VS JUSTIN JAMES-the first round of this fight was amazing , both of these guys came to fight and win . It was back and forth between these two the entire round , Clay even gets caught in a deadly arm bar yet slips out . The second round was just as exciting as it went back and forth until it had 20 seconds left in the round . That is were it ended with Clay getting the win with a nice rear naked choke .5 / 53 . YUSHIN OKAMI VS KALIB STARNES-good enough first round between these two as most of it is just a feeling out process . Other then a few kicks and punches , and a take down that almost ends it there is n't much in this round . The second round is less active as it is mostly in the clinch the whole round , there is a good take down though . Round 3 more exciting as Okami not only mounts Kalib but also pounds his way to a victory .3.5 / 54 . SPENCER FISHER VS DAN LAUZON-this is another quick yet exciting fight as Dan gets two great take downs and even supplies some good ground and pound . But Spencer ends this towards the end of the first with a great knock out , it was obvious that Dan wanted no part of that .5 / 55 . CHEICK KONGO VS CARMELO MARRERO-round one was real good as Marrero who I thought at the time was going to get destroyed completely dominated Kongo . He took Cheick down and pounded on him the entire round , Kongo really had no answer for it . Round two was exactly the same except without all the ground and pound , although Kongo almost ended it with a guillotine choke . Round three was a little different because it was almost entirely on the feet , except for a little while with Kongo on top this time . Carmelo takes a split decision , although it should have been unanimous in my opinion .3.5 / 56 . JON FITCH VS KUNIYOSHI HIRONAKA-the first round of this fight is amazing as Fitch spends almost all of it inside a deep triangle . He comes back at the end of the round and almost stops it him self . The second round sees Fitch deliver some great kicks and when these two go to the ground it is nothing short of a chess match between these two warriors . In round three both are bloody both are tired and both are still in it giving it all they have . This is by far one of the best fights on an over all good card , Fitch takes a well deserved decision .5 / 57 . SEAN SHERK VS KENNY FLORIAN-this was the fight that would crown the first Lightweight champion after years of the title laying dormant in the UFC . Once the fight started Kenny was taken down , but then it got even . These two battled the entire time on the ground , both on offense and defense against each , usually it is one or the other . The second round is a bloodier version of the first , both just battle on the ground for the most part . The third is just like the first two , but with a great explosion from each at the end . The following round followed the same formula as the previous , but it was never boring . The final round went the distance looking just like the others , but like I said this fight never seemed boring . In fact to me it felt pretty epic . Sean Sherk wins by decision and becomes the new Lightweight champion .5 / 58 . RICH FRANKLIN VS ANDERSON SILVA-this is that fight I was talking about earlier , I do n't care what you say everybody thought Franklin was going to take this . Even if some one thought Silva was going to win this I bet no one saw a first round domination coming . I remember watching this live and thinking no way Rich just got it put on him that bad . Of course looking back now I ' am sure every one can believe it and even say they knew it would happen . But at the time it was unbelievable . Still to this day one of the best beat downs in history , right up there with GSP destroying Matt Hughes . Silva just killed Rich 's body with some vicious knees and then landed a killer head kick .5 / 5
 As a UFC fan , this event had some good fights . I bought it while I was away from home and t.v so I started collecting all of the UFC 's . It became just another DVD to the collection .
 Another great DVD to own . Anderson Silva is simply fantastic and is when he first won the belt and started his great one . Another great DVD with solid fights and Knockouts !
 So , Anderson Silva smeared Chris Leben in a Fight Night in about 49 seconds , right ? You take out Leben like that , you 've got to be pretty good , or are you ? Let 's just give the man a title shot to see how good he really is . Does n't sound too fair , does it ? Anderson Silva taking on a seasoned champion such as Rich Franklin . How long could this possibly last ? But Rich Franklin admits that this will be his toughest test . Anderson Silva really has no doubts . But then again , neither did Nate Quarry in UFC 56 , and Franklin knocked him out , and Quarry was O-U-T ! So Franklin is prepared to defend his Middleweight Championship belt . And for the first time in a little while , the UFC is prepared to give a Lightweight Championship to one of two contenders . Sean Sherk and Kenny Florian want that victory ! Sherk simply claims that he is n't about to take Kenny lightly , because he is fighting for a world championship title . And with Sherk 's experience , he 's only lost twice . But in UFC 56 , he was TKO 'd by none other than GSP , and quite decisively ! Kenny Florian , on the other hand , has n't lost since the first Ultimate Fighter Finale when it went rather quickly against Diego Sanchez . But since then he 's shown he is n't one to be messed around with . His elbows are lethal , and fighters such as Alex Karalexis found that out . Kenny sums this fight up pretty easily by saying , `` That first mistake he makes , he 's cooked . '' But will it really be that easy?This is a pretty good night . There are 8 fights total , and I 'll list them below.Kurt Pelligrino vs. Junior Assuncao
 Anderson Silva has arrived in the UFC , and dominated the champ . One of the worst title defenses in history . I respect Franklin but wow , shows holes in his game . Rest of card is good , not the best but solid . Anyways the picture is not that bad actually it looks pretty dope on my TV . In the end if you enjoy mma this is worth purchasing .
 They want to watch this video all the time . Only problem is they want to watch it all the time .
 The quality of the tape was wonderful . however , i did n't receive it in time for halloween because i received it 7 Nov. oh well . the kids will like it anyway
 Un concierto para recordar . Bien proporcionado . Cautivador e inolvidable.Para ver en pareja -LRB- altamente recomendado -RRB- . El grupo acompa & ntilde ; ante acopla , brasile & ntilde ; os al fin y a la postre , con perfeccci&oacute;n .
 this was one of the best collection & Storys of a Musical Act that I have ever seen . EWF along with the Isley Brothers are my all time favorite Bands . this Documentary goes into great depth about the Band 's musical Legacy also speaking on the Importance of the Great charles Stepney & His many Contributions to the Band 's Success . also the Great era that included the Great talents of Al Mckay , Larry Dunn , Ralph Johnson , Johnny Graham , Anrew Woolfolk , Don Myrick , Ralph Johnson , Verdine White , Philip Bailey & the Genius of Maurice White . this Dvd explores the start , the Hghs , Lows & everything else in between . good Commentary by Nelson George . good footage as well of Al Mckay & Maurice White . a must have for EWF Fan .
 If you make it past the ridiculous first minute or so of opening title screen and `` spooky '' after effects fan footage , this documentary is chock full of great stuff . As a Brian Wilson fan , I highly recommend it . Although it appears they were trying to tie something together with Dennis Wilson and Manson , it does n't work and does n't go anywhere . This should be re cut into two shorts . The Wilson/Beach Boys aspects and interviews with Brian are great , however . And I do recommend it for that reason only .
 overall , the documentary was pretty cool . however , about 99 % of the beach boys clips were from a prior documentary , an american family from ' 85 . they should have included the clip of dennis singing manson 's song never learnt not to love -LRB- aka cease to exist -RRB- . especially since the title of the movie is the beach boys & the satan . but did have cool footage of interviews with dick dale and dean torrence and the chantays . also kim fowley was cool too .
 a totally off and enjoyable movie . All Brian Wilson fans should see this movie .
 This is one dvd that any beach boys fan should have in their dvd collection.And if you ever wonder how such an clean cut band got ever involed in the likes of Charles Manson again this the dvd for you or if you like the beach boys music again get this dvd cause it everything that you want to know.So buy your copy now and enjoy.Rondall Banks
 You 'll have to wait until the end to answer that question.Can ' t believe I 'm the first to review this flick . I usually rely on other 's reviews before purchasing a movie but we happen to catch the trailer for this one . We were not disappointed at all.My wife and I thought this was an excellent English film . Acting was superb and the drama brings you in and keeps you there . Having a young daughter myself , I wanted to reach into the TV and extract the truth out of some of these characters.You probably already read Amazon 's review . Paranoid yes , and who would n't be . This man stops short of nothing ... doing what any other loving father would do in trying to find out what has happened to his daughter , at any expense.We confidently give this **** 1/2 stars .
 I read some of the unfavorable reviews , saw the low price and figured it was a dog . I thoroughly enjoyed it , although the cover is totaly misleading . Keeps you guessing to the end .
 Still a funny movie , holding up well and miss Kinsky is absolutely adorable . A film to be recommended for anyone wanting to escape from the every day stress in a civilized manner .
 In a year when INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM , GHOSTBUSTERS , and BEVERLY HILLS COP were conquering the box office - this film got lost in the shuffle.Dudley Moore plays a symphony conductor who learns that his wife is having an affair . He hatches an intricate plan to kill her and frame her lover for the murder . However , in typical Dudley Moore fashion , nothing goes as planned.The film starts slow as it establishes the characters , but the final sequence is worth the wait . Fans of the ARTHUR films will also feel right at home as Dudley falls back into ARTHUR 's familiar intoxicated-state with an overdose of tranquilizers .
 This movie is so fitting of Moore -LSB- He plays an orchestra conductor . -RSB- since he was an accomplished musician himself . It 's roll-on-the-floor humour when the conductor 's fantasy goes awry .
 This is a movie about musicians that even a professional musician can respect . There 's plenty of over-the-top silliness , but none of the usual Hollywood technical fakery . Particularly wonderful scenes
 A great romantic comedy . If you like Dudley , then this is one of the best . Nastassia Kinski , Armand , Brooks and Libertini are excellent as well . If you do n't know these actors , but like romantic comedies , and you like classical music , then do yourself a favor and watch this ! I 'll never forget seeing this when I was a teenager on HBO one late night , hilarious !! And , now , years later when I finally got it on DVD , it was really great to see again . Cheers .
 Well-directed , slick remake of the Preston Sturges comedy classic , with Dudley Moore offering a fantastic performance as a neurotic orchestra conductor who suspects his beautiful younger wife of having an affair with a handsome violin virtuoso , then plots their demise . Natassja Kinski plays the wife , looks ravishing if anything else , and has a charming comedy presence . Armand Assante plays the suspected ` Other Man ' , with Albert Brooks and Cassie Yates.The budget-priced DVD offers fullscreen and widescreen versions of the film , plus the theatrical trailer .
 If you find Dudley Moore to be a very funny guy you will love this movie . Apart from `` 10 '' this is the `` must have '' Moore comedy . He , along with Nastassja Kinski and Armand Assante go through a myriad of scenarios involving the perception of infidelity . The cast is further enhanced by Albert Brooks and Richard Libertiny . Moore plays a middle-aged composer/conductor named Claude Eastman , Assante plays his best friend and famous violinist Max Stein . Nastassja Kinski plays Moore 's wife Daniella who is about half Claude 's age . The plot revolves around a lot of misunderstandings and misreadings between the main characters resulting in Claude 's convictions about his wife and Max having an affair . Brooks ' character is named Norman and is married to Carla -LRB- Cassie Yates -RRB- . Libertiny plays Guiseppe who as Claude 's buttler is hilarious with is thick Italian accent . Norman misunderstands Guiseppe and hires a private-eye to keep tabs on Daniella . He figures that is what his pal Claude wanted when in reality all he wanted was for him to look after her . Claude in turn gets a report from the private-eye who himself misconstrudes the information . Armed with what he thinks is proof , Claude sets a plan to get rid of his infidel wife and her lover -LRB- Assante -RRB- . What happens after that is the juxtaposition of the events as Claude planned them and how they really turn out . The humor is silly and yet very clever . Moore 's performance is fantastic as he plays another scene where his character is drunk -LRB- a la Arthur and very funny -RRB- . My favorite scene happens in the kitchen and involves Moore and Assante -LRB- I will not reveal it so that you see it for yourselves -RRB- . Brooks is well suited to play Norman against Yate 's Carla who ends up being the one who starts it all . In all , the movie plays very well , is one of my all-time-favorite comedies and it could not have been casted any better . It almost feels as if the cast lived together for a while in order to nail their characters as well as they did . Films like this are hard to come by these days . Hollywood seems to concentrated in putting a lot of money and effects in their fare leaving films like this to smaller independent outfits . The movie also keeps a pretty high decorum regarding the handling of sexual themes . Once again , content over hype . This film prooves that you do n't have to get rauchy or rely on gross-out humor to be funny . I highly recommend this film .
 Purchased this DVD for a gift to my wife . It came in perfect condition and we have enjoyed viewing it over the years .
 I rarely watch movies , and rarely buy DVDs . But this movie is in my Top Ten , I guess I would say ... very funny movie !
 Sorry for my bad english , I 'm french , ATTENTION
 Dudley Moore has always been my favourite . This movie was a hilarious example of his comedic skills .
 A mi juicio , esta es la mejor comedia de Dudley Moore.El reparto es excelente.Realmente la recomiendo .
 Dudley Moore plays a famous conductor recently wed to a young and beautiful European actress played by Nastassja Kinski . It is a good relationship and the couple loves each other until a misunderstanding leads to suspicion on Moore 's part . He comes to believe his beautiful child bride is playing around . Worse , he thinks she is playing around with his prot?g ? , a notorious womanizer . Its untrue but coincidences mount up to reinforce the idea until he is blind with rage and plots both of their murders.It sound very serious thus far but remember that the jealous husband is played by Dudley Moore . That means that this is a comedy as he puts his plot into action with Moore 's typically inept style . Nothing goes as planned and each instance is usually good for a few laughs.This film was NOT as funny as I remembered it being when I was a kid but I did laugh and I did enjoy it . Particularly effective is the use of classical music to set the mood throughout . Often , the pieces used are familiar and even stereotypical but that does not stop them from being appropriate or well chosen .
 This is truly one of the greatest comedy -LRB- or even movie -RRB- of all time . Fans and musicians of classical music will especially like it . Yet , four stars only because they should put it on a DVD.UPDATE 10 AUG 2005
 I have never seen the original old Unfaithfully Yours movie but I saw this remake on HBO and I thought it was very funny ! Dudley Moore , Nastassia Kinski and the rest of the cast were great and I 'm glad that this underrated movie is finally on DVD and I highly recommend it . Dudley Moore plays a composer married to a much younger woman played by Nastassia Kinski and he goes kind of mad with jealousy when he thinks she is having an affair and has bizarre fantasies of doing her in ! But is she really having an affair or is he letting his imagination run away with him ? Watch this hilariously funny underappreciated movie and find out !
 This film is a treasure if you need to laugh , and want to laugh at how crazy most humans are . In viewing this film recently , I better understood what great comic and great actor Dudley Moore was . I miss him.Rex Harrison acted in the original version of this story . Dudley made the film so much more funny . By seeing both versions you can why Dudley was a comic genius . I miss him . Dudley makes clear what screwballs we humans are . And he takes ordinary script lines and makes them very funny . Many of the elements of a Shakespearean comedy are in this film , but unlike the plays , this film has a terrific music score , has beautiful photography , and has simple dialogue . What makes this film great , for those mature enough to understand it , is Dudley Moore . I am not sure , but , to me , the concert hall looks very much like the one at the California Institute of Technology.This film is a remake of the much earlier black-and-white version , and the remake , unlike most remakes , is superior to the original .
 If you like Dudley Moore movies , this is a must for anyone 's col lection !!! I personally had a hard time finding the video ... Now that it is available , by all means include this one in your library . This is a more lighthearted version than the original . Mr. Moore shows us his gift as a true comedian with shades of slapstick mixed in . Richard Libertini steals the film as Moore 's Italian butler and the laughs are countless . The New York City scenery also is a plus with lots of midtown Manhattan brilliantly showcased -LRB- made me nostalgic -RRB- . Again , pick this one up before it goes out of print again .
 If you like Dudley Moore , do n't miss this movie . When Claude Eastman -LRB- played by Dudley Moore -RRB- thinks his beautiful new bride is having an affair , Eastman becomes crazed with the thought and plans to murder both his wife and her `` lover . '' What follows will leave you rolling on the floor with laughter .
 This movie contains so many more laughs than the original . The original did not make me laugh out loud -LRB- my measure of funny -RRB- except for the madcap bumbling of Rex Harrison 's efforts in acting out his fantasy . The remake with Dudley Moore has you going from the start . It is updated with modern humor and just plain funny ,
 I got ahold of this movie when I was 9 or 10 ... and my sister and I watched it over and over . The movie is a riot , quite frankly . Beautiful cinematography and a great cast of characters . Armand Assante is wonderful with his arrogant sophisticated air ... esp . the competitions with the Dudley Moore character . This movie is incredibly inspired . Wonderful to catch if you can !
 This movie is completely hysterical ! I laughed until my sides hurt . Dudley Moore is just too funny and I even liked Nastassia Kinski in this one !
 In many ways `` FIRE FALL '' and `` LEGACY OF TERROR '' are two of the finest KOLCHAK episodes . Not only are the scares all there , but the writing in both episodes raises some interesting questions about sex , fame , and money in America . `` FIRE FALL '' is a study in envy and frustrated desires worthy of Russell Banks at his best . A small time hood who once dreamed of success as a classical musician is gunned own in a penny arcade . But he comes back as an angry ghost with the power to incinerate anyone he hates in a freak fire ! Still more chilling , Frankie Markov 's real desire is to `` take over '' the life of golden boy society composer Ryder Bond.What makes this episode really work is the smoldering anger of the murdered hood . The more Kolchak digs into the story , the more of a picture we get of class in America . Frankie never got a break . His wife is a cheap tramp , his bosses betrayed him , and his dreams were all betrayed through no fault of his own.On the other hand , Ryder Bond has a life of unlimited possibilities . Success in his art , rewarding career , glamorous lifestyle , flattering public attention , and in private the attentions of a lovely and adoring French girlfriend . Even while you hate to see how the angry working class `` ghost '' torments this poor man , you can see why Frankie hates Ryder so much . He wants to be Ryder too!Kolchak , very interestingly , does not seem to empathize with the ghost of Frankie , even though they are both working class guys . But he does everything he can to help Ryder retain his sanity and defeat the tormenting ghost that has torched his friends . In the end you 're left wondering whether there was n't some way Ryder Bond could have done more for the Frankies of this world . `` LEGACY OF TERROR '' gives you the same kind of story , but with an even more provocative twist . When Aztec priests look to bring their warrior mummy back to life , they need a willing sacrifice . Who better than a spoiled , resentful Chicano punk , briliantly played by a young -LRB- and gorgeous -RRB- Erik Estrada ? It 's worth noting that Estrada is fearless as an actor here . Instead of making Pepe an innocent , deluded fool , he boldly plays him as a spoiled , self-pitying punk -- getting laughs and hitting uncomfortably close to home . `` Friend , you 're bending my mind off my music ! `` Pepe is holed up in a luxury hotel , helping the priests choose `` perfect '' sacrifices for the mummy waiting to be reborn . A football star , a Green Beret ... and a very demure and ladylike Air Force officer . -LRB- And some interesting feminist back and forth between the officer and the hotel 's PR lady . -RRB- Kolchak really outdoes himself in this one , digging out secrets in the hotel basement and consulting a very touchy taxidermist -LRB- a hilarious cameo by theater great Sorrell Booke . -RRB- But the Kolchak and Vincenzo repartee really makes this one soar . `` First this mummy is cluttering up someone 's basement and now he 's marching in Macy 's easter parade ? Look Carl . You yourself said that the mummy disappeared . You got a terrible hit in the head and you saw things . And as for having a dummy in a key staff position ... I 'm as guilty as the next . `` MY PICK
 I was a big fan of Kolchak when it first aired , although there were some plots that to me demonstrated lameness on the part of the producers and writers . Remakes of old ghost and monster stories that have been told many times are difficult to make interesting . The episodes that I liked the most were those that used elements of non-western horror stories or relatively unknown mythology . `` Fire Fall '' uses as its ' basis something that has been reported for some time , namely that under very unusual circumstances humans can spontaneously combust , burning to a crisp in a matter of seconds without severely damaging the immediate surroundings . In this episode , the victim is ignited through the actions of a Doppleganger , a murderous spirit that has taken on the image of a famous symphony conductor . Kolchak is forced to consult a female gypsy seer in order to learn how to combat the Doppleganger as his intervention has now made him a prime target . Unfortunately , his actions in conquering the Doppleganger are little more than yelling at it to `` Stop it ! `` In German folklore , a Doppleganger is a ghostly double of a living person and there is some scientific evidence that it is a genuine phenomenon . By selective stimulation of patient 's brains , scientists have been able to produce the impression of a Doppleganger being present . What I enjoyed about this episode is that it was based on a relatively unknown aspect of the mythology of Northern Europe . `` Legacy of Terror '' is also strong because it is based on ancient Aztec beliefs . Someone is cutting out the hearts of strong warrior types and Kolchak is on the scene when the perpetrator knocks him down and out . He regains consciousness and claims that it was a giant bird . An ancient evil Aztec god that wears a feathered costume comes back to life every fifty-two years and claims five humans as sacrifices . As was the case when the Aztec Empire was at its ' height , the hearts of the victims are cut out and the people must be impeccable warriors . However , the last sacrifice must be a volunteer , he is selected and treated as a god for a year given the services of three beautiful women . `` Kolchak '' was never better than when it branched out into areas of horror that have not been well traveled . This forced the producers and writers to create more imaginary scenarios as well as give more detailed explanatory background . When the better-known plots were used , the producers tended to rely on routines based on the viewer already knowing certain things . While this is easier , it is also unexciting .
 Tina still has it . Her band is the best I 've ever seen or heard ! My only problem with this DVD is the fact that the band - no matter how spectacular it sounds - over-powers Tina 's voice . Still the DTS is amazing ! Song selection is terrific !
 Man , if you do n't feel like you 've been entertained after watching this one , you must not like to rock ! Great sights and sounds
 I bought the Wildest Dreams Tour DVD many years ago and it is still the best Tina Turner Concert I have seen - in my own biased opinion . Everything is on point from the band , dancers and of course Tina herself . It made me get up and dance . I gave the DVD as a present to my girlfriend and it made her get up and dance too ! Treat yourself to a good time with this one .
 Okay This is just amazing ... I was a little bit skeptical about getting it at first because Tina was in her mid 50 's . However She is the LIVING PROOF that AGE does n't Mean a Thing ! . She TORE it up on every Single song ! This is Why she is the most successful Black Touring artist of all time . LEGEND
 Tina Turner Live at Amsterdam ... well worth the price.Very well produced and superbly edited . Truly one of the great live acts in Rock .
 I sat here hardly moving until around 3:00 am watching Tina -LRB- my not so secret love -RRB- and her band . My opinion may be a little subjective but she was/is astounding . How some one can sing / entertain for 1 hr . and 45 min . the way she does is truely amazing.I play her cd 's when I 'm working in my garage , endlessly and I can imagine seeing her .
 I HAVE BEEN FORTUNATE , -LRB- SINCE 1984 @ THE RITZ -RRB- TO HAVE THE HONOR OF ATTENDING ALL CONCERTS . THE `` WILDEST DREAM ` CONCERT & VIDEO ARE STILL OUTSTANDING BECAUSE I CAN GO BACK IN TIME , AND REMEMBER AS IF IT JUST HAPPENED . I HAVE BOUGHT ALL DVD 'S AVAILABLE . I AM HOPING TO SEE A ` TINA UNPLUGGED ' . OR EVEN MORE OF `` BEYOND '' . KEEP SINGING EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! ADDICTED TO LOVE & TINA,R.T.MURPHYWIWICWON@YAHOO.COM
 I bought this one on the strength of all the reviews here , and am very glad I did ... the musicianship was superb from her band , Tina 's vocals and energy were world-class as always , and the entire concert was great to listen to and watch . The excitement from all the fans and the delivery , pacing and energy were exceptional ... very glad I got this -- excellent dvd . Would be great to see this released in widescreen blu-ray someday.-k
 Overall , I love this Tina Turner concert video not so much for the visuals as for the music . I do agree with other reviewers about how the videographer focused on the dancers anatomy and others when the focus should have been Ms. Turner . I hope Ms turner did not use the same videographer again .
 In the tour edition of Tina 's multi-platinum uk album -- Wildest Dreams -- her performance is absolutely striking . Filmed on location at the New Amsterdam Arena in Europe , this video is absolutely georgeous , with deafening sound and breath-taking views from almost every angle of the arena . As usually , her rendition of her classics such as ` Better Be Good To Me , ' ` River Deep , Mountain High , ' ` Steamy Windows , ' ` The Best ' and especially ` Proud Mary ' are absolutely magnificient . She also includes many songs from the album , including the singles ` Missing You , ' and ' Whatever You Want . ' Her dilivery of raw sensuality , along with a beautiful expression of happiness and dedicated entertainment keeps her Dutch Fans extra wild and cheerful . Absolutely this video will always be a memorable part of my life and hopefully yours , for rarely can one find an entertainer who is able to be so ruthless , but yet so very wholeherted and instills a happiness in the people who recieves the entertainment -- such genuine entertainment . Tina , you are and froever will be ... simply the best ! Your work will forever be appreciated by many . Thank you !
 This DVD came out roughly 3-4 years after I got to see Tina live in New York City in 1993 . This was around the time of the movie `` What 's Love Got to Do With It , '' and Tina was a stunning 53 years old ! Gliding across the stage for two hours in spike heels as if she were on rollerblades -- something you have to see to believe -- what a fireball of a show she gave that night ! I have had the privilege of seeing many great performers but Tina Turner remains one of the VERY best and it 's no stretch to say that it ca n't be topped ! Then , as now , I felt that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see and enjoy a legend in her supposed `` twilight . `` I recently purchased and watched `` Wildest Dreams '' and this live show given in Amsterdam brought back the glorious memory of that incredible show at Jones Beach in NYC . The only -LRB- very slight -RRB- disappointment of the DVD is the section when Tina decides to sit and sing two or three of my all-time favorites from her
 If you get just one Tina video , you are an idiot -LRB- All of them are amazing -RRB- but get this one anyways . This is one of Tina 's most memorable performance , raw energy and passion flow into her songs ; from the soul wrenching `` Proud Mary '' to the tear jerking `` What 's Love ... '' to the refreshing `` On Silent Wings '' the beauty is fatal .
 I mean it , Tina rocked the house down to the ground in Amsterdam , and this video captured the essence and beauty of the whole thing . Tina and her dancers bring the audience to their feet while Tina sings with the voice and legs of a goddess . The exitement is tangible . Amazing songs ... `` What 's love ... '' `` Proud Mary '' and so so so so many more . You got ta love it !
 If you ever wonder how a 60 year old soul/pop/rock star can still draw the attention of 150000 fans , then buy this dvd . Tina is pure showwomanship pouring energy and sympathy over a raving dutch crowd . The director keeps our attention focused on the whole setting and leaves us wanting for more . The Greatest Hits format of the concert is wonderful and the sound quality is great ! Also note the lip synch that the stage screen and live Tina accomplish in River Deep , Mountain High and the coreography involved in the Goldeneye number . Great dvd , BUY IT !
 This was the first music dvd that I bought . This was the best show I ' v seen in a long time . I did n't get the DTS version because I did n't know it existed until today , so I ordered it . I cant imagine it will sound any better than it does now . The regular Stero version still came thru on my reciever with 5.1 and it sounded great . Cant wait to hear the DTS version . She puts on a great show and really cranks it up . At 56 I dont know how she does it ... Its Fantastic
 Not as good as the sound on the DTS Laserdisc , but a must for every DVD collector ! About the performance ... No need to say anything . GREAT like she has been a great performer for the last 40 years !
 My wife thoroughly enjoyed this DVD , saved me from the fact I did not get her tickets to the concert !
 I will try to be as bried/concise as possible : `` Live in Amsterdam
 This is a must for a music and TINA loverListen to the acoustic section in the middle !!!!!!!! When can i get this on BLU RAY ???????????? This is a must in every music video collectionSverre from Norway
 I am from Italy , so ... sorry for my english : - -RRB- This was my first purchase on Amazon.com ... . It was PERFECT !!! Good price , fast shipping ... what else ... Amazon is the most professional seller that I never met !!! Thank you !!!
 I purchased 12 copies of this DVD to give as Christmas presents . As far as I 'm concerned you ca n't get any better than Tina in this concert video/DVD ... . GO TINA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the best concert DVD ever . I bought it several years ago for the first time after seeing Tina in concert in State College , PA during her Wildest Dreams tour . It was like watching it live all over again . I have worn out my DVD and will be purchasing a new one . I just saw Tina live again in Philadelphia , PA on November 29 , 2008 and she still gives a performance that is phenomenal . I can only hope this most recent tour Tina gives at age 69 will be released on DVD so I can watch it at home because she is `` Simply The Best ''
 This DVD is great -- Tina is on top of her game ! A must for all Tina fans ...
 I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT THIS DVD WAS EVERYTHING I THOUGHT AND MORE AND IT MET EVERY EXPECTATION I THOUGHT ...
 Absolutely fantastic DVD . A must see for any Tina fan .
 If you into sound , you 'll love this disk.My hat is off to the engineers
 The woman known to rock and roll history as Tina Turner proves once again why she is , and will always be , the `` Queen of Rock and Roll . '' Fiery and dynamic .
 Warning
 Turner 's `` Wildest Dreams '' European tour was one of the most succesful ever of the continent and this David Mallet produced video and DVD helps to explain why . Playing to a packed stadium in Amsterdam Turner is in fine vocal and physical form throughout . From the opening `` Whatever You Want '' to the emotional closing number `` On Silent Wings '' Tina keeps the crowd on their feet and under her very impressive spell . While their is no substitute for seeing her live this video showcases this living legend 's talents well . Includes
 Make this your precursor to Tina 's Twenty-Four Seven tour this spring/summer ... Digs Tina 's steamy performances of `` Goldeneye '' and `` Nutbush City Limits '' here ... I can watch this twenty four seven , how ` bout you ?
 This is the greastest concert I have ever seen . Tina and the Dancers are so exotic and loved their different outfits . The band is the greastest -- just right for her style of music . Plan to see her when she comes to Minneapolis , MN .
 I watched this video with some other people and we were glued to the TV.This concert was pure Tina and sensational . Her singing and dancing was , as usual , great . We especially liked the way they featured the members of her band , they are exceptionally talented , also . The combination of Tina and her band were mesmerizing.Nobody could sit still through the whole concert , they had to move to the beat ! Her songs are wonderful and at 68 yrs . old Tina is FABULOUS !
 Tina never mellos out during this show . She has powerand energy and ambition plus talent to back it all up . You will love wathching this ageless rock goddess wow and surprise you . She deserves way over five stars for this wonderful art work .
 Tina was great !! I never was a fan but think this was an excelent performance and I 'm glad I bought this one .
 Tina at her best . A wonderful concert
 first she started with whatever you want the people wher yelling and scream Tina tina . I was there and all icould do was jumping and isong here numbers with her . i was so proud that i was on a concert of Tina . at the other side i was feeling quilty because my mother wasnt there . My mother is died in 1994 and it was allways a big dream for her to see a concert with me . When Tina started with The best i was looking upstairs and i stared to crie because that was our favorite number.I think that she -LRB- my mother Was waching from upstairs . I felt that she was there . i Dont know if Tina read this letter but if she do i want to thank here very very much . I love here.Big kisses from Femke quatfass , the netherlands
 Tina Turner may be over 50 years old -LRB- or should we say young -RRB- but she is still the greatest live performer in the world ! Live In Amsterdam is really an amazing show from the beginning to the end ! Tina sounds very good , the stage design is impressive -LRB- watch Goldeneye -RRB- , everything 's done well!The concert was recorded during her Wildest Dreams World Tour In Europe in 1996 . She had over 120 shows on football stadiums and arenas in Europe alone -LRB- 250 shows worldwide -RRB- and again , she broke European box office records -LRB- she did that with her previous European tours too -RRB- . So , you want some action ?
 Tina is at her absolutely top form and energy level in this live show , incredibly effectively filmed , with terrific music , choreography , staging , filming , sound track . This is a `` must have '' DVD with all of tina 's greatest hits .
 The most important reason why you should buy this video -- which contains only highlights of the DVD concert -- is because you will find the REAHERSALS for the concert , interviews to fans and above all , an interview with TINA . That 's not in the DVD and it is a perfect complement for it.Image and sound excellent .
 DVD 's are meant to expand musical quality . This DVD does an excellent job . Tina 's voice is centered through most of the disk . Excellent frequency response from highs to subwoofer lows . the sound mixing was somewhat poor so I didnt rate this 5 stars ... i.e. when the camera focused on a closeup of a guy playing symbols the symbols were so quiet they couldnt be heard . Video was good for a live concert . If you like Tina 's music then definitely buy this DVD . If you dont like her music , I would still recommend it as a test disk .
 Tina is great . I bought this because of the song selection on the DVD . The only problem is when she goes into Proud Mary and the band kicks in after her intro for a moment and then she goes back to her intro the sound is distorted . I have a very good system and while this was on medium sound , the sound was distorted during this 3 second burst of drums and bass during the intro to this song . What is going on ?
 This was a a great performance . Tina is superb as are all her back up musicians . The production is great and the DTS sound is outstanding . You wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Miss Turner never fades !!!! She will always be number one !!! . This is a must see for everyone young and old alike !!!! Grrrrrreat Show !!!!!
 Tina Turner outdoes herself ! She really knows how to work a stage -LRB- almost a lost talent in the MTV era -RRB- , and the music is first-rate . It is no wonder that the entire tour was such an incredible success . Turner also surrounded herself with first-rate musicians and dancers . I heartily recommend this video to anyone .
 0NE OF THE MOST SUPERB CONCERT I 'VE SEEN IN A LONG TIME !!!! EVERYONE SHOULD TAKE THE OPPORTUNITY TO WATCH THIS !!
 Tina Turner has been a long time favorite of mine and after watching this video all I can say is WOW ! Tina has so much energy and excitement , and it really comes through in this concert . There is n't a dull moment , even during the slower numbers . It 's obvious that Tina was having a ball ! I want more ! Go Tina !
 I love , love this DVD ! I first got a chance to see this concert when it aired as a HBO special years back . This DVD is great ! It is nothing like going to a Tina Turner concert but this is the next best thing .
 First , let me start off by saying , I bought this DTS DVD before I even had the surround speakers , and I would n't watch it until I got it all set up . It was worth the wait ! If you like Tina , and even if you do n't -LRB- this will change your mind -RRB- and you want to see an incredible concert DVD get this ! Tina is amazing . Her version of Proud Mary rocks , and it is hands down the best song & dance routine I have ever seen ! Her dancers are outstanding and have to give their all to keep up with Tina . It 's like Tae Bo x 10 ! Also , her musicians rock the house . Get it , you 'll enjoy it !
 This fabulous concert video was filmed in Amsterdam in the Amsterdam arena on DEcember 6th , 1996 . It was part of the Wildest Dreams World Tour which played to over 3.5 million people and delivered 250 concerts . The setlist includes Whatever You Want , Do What YOu Do , River Deep Mountain High , Missing You , Wildest Dreams -LRB- on the DVD version only -RRB- , Goldeneye , Private Dancer , We Dont Need Another Hero , Lets Stay Together -LRB- on DVD version only -RRB- , I Cant Stand The Rain , Undercover Agent For the Blues , Steamy Windows , Givin It Up For Your Love , Better Be Good -LRB- on the DVD version only -RRB- , Addicted To Love , The Best , Whats Love Got To Do With It , Proud Mary , Nutbush City Limits , and finished with On Silent Wings . The DVD version also has the video Something Beautiful Remains .
 I read the reviews on Amazon.com and bought it -LRB- DVD -RRB- on the strength of the ratings . It is , without dispute , the best concert I have ever seen . We have a 63 '' big screen and a full digital pro-logic system . I felt like I was there ! `` Missing You '' , on the DVD is spellbinding as are most songs . The musicians are extreme professionals and the dancers did not miss a beat . If you can only have ONE concert DVD , this is the one to have ! It is crisp , flawless and breathtaking . I thought I knew her music , now I do n't know if she could beat this one . It 's like Michael Jackson 's `` Thriller '' ... one of a kind , never repeated in it 's intensity . Get it !!!
 I 'm a huge Tina fan . I 've been to most of her concerts . I have several of her DVD 's and , without a doubt , this is the best of the lot.The sound -LRB- DTS -RRB- is unbelievable and the song selection is great . It 's hard to believe she 's as old as she is . Her stage presence and energy are tops.If you want to have at least one Tina DVD , this is the one to have .
 Without doubt the best concert in dvd ever made . My library contains 47 dvd concerts and this non-stop , energy filled tribute to old fashioned rock and roll is the best . Crank up the volume . The louder the better . How does that lady maintain the pace ? The sound mixing is superb . Every scene tells a story . Your jaw will drop . By the time it 's over you 'll be either up dancing or completely exhausted , or both . Now , I dare someone to find a better live concert .
 Well , I did n't have any previous records from Tina , in DVD or CD . I bought this DVD due to the great reviews it had in Amazon , and since I really love sound and was told this could test my system to the limit , I bought it.This is definitely one of the best buy decisions I made.This DVD is more than music . It 's an experience . From the dynamic cameras , the music , the performance -LRB- dance and sing -RRB- , the public -LRB- man , it * feels * like if you were there -RRB- , everything will remind you WHY you inverted a lot of money into your system and what kind of experiences you can get out of it.The DVD is long , takes many of Tina greatest songs , performed by a 100 % magnetic and inspired singer , with outstanding musicians and fantastic dancers.I always show two DVDs to people . With the first , Eagles
 I caught this tour when she hit Knoxville in ' 97 , and it was the first major concert I had ever been to . What a way to start out , huh ? This DVD captures the energy and excitement of her show in a way that 's fantastic ! The picture is clear , the sound is SO awesome , the camera work is fantastic.The ONLY drawback to this disc is that at times you can tell audio from one show is used for video from another , so that it appears that she 's lip-syncing , when Ms. Turner does n't resort to such tricks . The show was recorded over three nights , in front of over 150,000 people , so I guess some sloppy editing work is in evidence here . This , remarkably , does n't take anything away from her performance in this show . The lady is astounding ! I can only hope and pray that I have half that much energy when I 'm 56 ! Wow ! She moves all over the stage , usually VERY energetically , and she looks SO sexy and beautiful!Her musicians and dancers deserve some good attention here , as they back her up beautifully.All her old hits are featured here , along with some new ones from her ` Wildest Dreams ' disc , which I might add , is a great disc . The main highlight for me , I guess , is ` Proud Mary ' . This song is coreographed and performed so perfectly , the fact that it was written by , performed first by , and belongs to Creedence Clearwater Revival never enters your head for a moment . What an amazing piece of rock-and-roll history we 're treated to!All in all , please get this disc , and see what this astounding , talented LADY can do to an arena full of complete strangers
 I wish I could give this more then 5 stars . This concert tour was Tina 's best concert . I almost did not buy this because I own this on video . When I recevied it , to my surprise , the DVD has four extra songs on it then the video . The songs are `` Wildest Dreams '' `` Let 's Stay Together '' `` Something Beautiful Remains '' and `` Better Be Good To Me '' If anyone caught Tina on this tour , here is your chance to own the `` complete '' concert for ever !
 After my disappointment with `` One Last Time '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- , I decided to give this one a try . As far as I 'm concerned , this DVD is a MUCH better buy ! Frankly , I was surprised at the few negative reviews for this `` Live in Amsterdam '' , I thoroughly enjoyed this one , both visually and soundwise , this was a huge improvement over `` One Last Time '' . There is also much better camera work and editing on this one . Tina 's raw energy and ability to hold an audience really shines through on this one , and it leaves no doubt as to what a class act she is and why she sells out arenas and stadiums , and even the guitar work and saxophone alone are worth the price of admission . I was really tempted to give this one the full five stars , but had to give it only 4 stars since my true feeling was for 4 and 1/2 . The only flaw I really noticed was that Tina 's voice seems to be weakening with age , which is to be expected , and I thought she had to struggle a bit in the higher ranges on a few numbers , which occasionally made her sound a bit forced , almost shouting the lyrics at times . But for the most part she gives you your money 's worth , and I have no regrets about buying this one .
 Whenever Tina Turner kicks off another world tour we know that one year later we can buy a great Live video !!! Live in Amsterdam is by far her best concert video ever ! Tina Turner will start a new world tour early 2000 ... I ca n't wait to see her live again and by 2001 we will have another concert video as a fond reminder .
 This is the best concert video ever . Great show and great music ! Tina Turner 's show still gets better every time she tours ! Now we have it in perfect DVD picture and DTS sound .
 One of the best music videos out there . Excellent start to finish and a fantastic addition to any video library .
 This DVD recorded in Amsterdam comes from Tina 's Wildest Dreams tour which was a spectacular success playing over 150 concerts to some 3,000,000 people . By the time this concert was recorded everything had become so familiar to the performers - instrumentalists and dancers , that the whole event progresses with all the natural ease of breathing.The track list contains 20 of her most popular hits as well as one bonus and features her regular band who perform with totally slick professionalism as one would expect . The three dancers complement Tina with dancing of great precision . Tina herself , is the ball of energy that she always is , with a tremendous ability to communicate through her songs and with her rapturous audience.The recording is in 4:3 visual format but is clear and captures the excitement and immediacy of the event . The sound is presented in DD 5.1 and stereo . This is cut at a slightly lower level than usual so the volume needs turning up to compensate and to add body to a slightly bass-light recording.As a compilation of a considerable number of Tins 's most popular hits performed at white heat this disc will be hard to beat . I would therefore expect it to be much appreciated by anyone who warms to the Tina Turner phenomenon and would suggest that this is a good 5 stars worth even allowing for the slight sound reservations as above .
 I first saw this concert on DirecTV and it ROCKS ! I love her band and the backup dancers , Karen and Sharon Owens and Cynthia Davila , they are all totally in sync . We own many concert DVDs but none are better than Tina Turner . I wish I could have seen it in person , but this is the next best thing .
 LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT . I exercise to this DVD , 30-35 minutes at a time . The music is great , Tina of course is great . BEST exercise workout I have ever had and the scenery is FINE , FINE , FINE . Thanks to all who make this DVD possible !!!
 I have enjoyed Tina since she began her career . This is one dvd you must have . Tina will not let you down . I ca n't say enough about her energy and talent skills .
 This is a great concert by Tina.Very entertaining from start to finish.Nowhere near as good as Tina - One last time in concert -LRB- which was brilliant -RRB- but still extremely good and a must have for any fan of Tina .
 Great DVD . If you are a Tina Turner fan , it 's a must have .
 I have to agree with the earlier reviewer that mentioned the bad sound recording on this DVD . The visuals , of course , are as wonderfully Tina as expected . I do n't understand how and why the sound is so `` strange . '' ... even though their are two versions -LRB- of the sound -RRB- from which to choose . I 'm not sorry that I purchased it , however . This is my favorite Tina Turner concert . The selection of material is perfection and the energy comes across like a volcano erupting . I love Tina more than ever , and look forward to her next DVD .
 An all-out blitz of excitement and energy . This concert dvd really sets a high-water mark for all other concert dvd 's . Tina is as good and as sexy as ever , the raspy voice is intact and capable of hitting all the high notes ; she and her talented -LRB- and sexy -RRB- band are relentlessly energetic ; there seem to be cameras rovin geverywhere and the video editing is smart and musical -LRB- which is rare in concert dvds ! -RRB- . Downsides are overall mediocre sound in DTS and some poor sound editing -LRB- the concert was filmed over 3 days in Amsterdam but some audio tracks were cheated from other concerts -RRB- . Still , these criticisms are minor as the overall impact is tremendous . I had my lawyer over for dinner - normally a fairly reserved woman - played her a few tracks and she was literally jumping up and down in front of my set going , `` Tina ! Tina ! Tina ! ''
 This concert dvd was filmed over 3night to 150,000 people in 1996 . She holds the crowd in her hands as she rip through 21 one old hits and new songs.Proud Mary & Nutbush City Limits were the songs she gave her all in this dvd.Tina seamed to be screaming on `` Private Dancer . '' `` Golden Eye '' was performed against a gigantic James Bond : Golden Eye backdrop.Tina Turner is a Proud Mary and she is certainly my idiol . `` I LOVE YOU TINA TURNER ! ''
 The following pertains to the DVD - DTS version only.This is THE concert that all my friends want to see again and again . For the `` philes '' that might read this , both the video and audio quality is four out of five stars ... not quite in there with the Eagles - `` Hell Freezes Over '' but this is a very large outdoor venue with considerably more variables . The surrounds are sparingly used ; primarily as crowd ambience and filler but still noticeable ... they definitely help fill the room.The thing that makes this so watchable is the woman herself . She so undoubtedly loves doing these shows for the adoring Dutch fans , that it becomes infectious not only to the viewer but also to her band members and dancers . Unlike some , I thought this was one of the best directed concert videos I have had the pleasure of watching . I do n't care for the constant barrage of one second shots which are way too plentiful these days . Having said that , the shots do frequently vary but , at least for me , it seemed to have a nice rhythm which added rather than detracted from the level of enjoyment.Others have said it , but once again ... Tina Turner fan or not , this is a must see/have concert .
 INCREDIBLE is only one of a few adjectives to describe this video . Tina is an absolute amazement in this performance . The energy never slows down nor does the music . Oh to look that GOOD when I am 56 . How she does it continues to baffle many . The band is great and the dancers really are into it . A must purchase video . Even if you 're just a hohum fan , this is definitely worth the price !!!
 This is a great DVD of a great performance . If you think Tina Turner is just `` okay '' , you 'll be a real fan after seeing her in concert in Amsterdam . Tina is full of energy , the dancers and musicians do a magnificent job , the camera work is exceptional , and the DTS sound is phenomenal . Among the best concert DVDs out there .
 bought this DVD after reading the reviews and I must say , this is the best music DVD I have ever seen . Increadable sound , fantastic band , great dancers and lastly , Tina is absolutely amazing . Buy this one at any cost
 I saw Tina line from row 5 in the same tour as the DVD but in Virginia , USA so I think I can say that this DVD with DTS encoding is about as close to being there as you can get . It really brought back great memories . The channel separation is exquisite . I also have the tape of the same show that I bought a year or so ago and there is NO comparison . If you have the gear , crank this one up !
 The Tina Turner DVD is in DTS and it sounds wonderful . The image is n't bad either , but it looks a little soft -- almost like it was filmed instead of taped . The concert was recorded in Amsterdam , so maybe there were some PAL to NTSL conversion issues . Or maybe the producers just wanted a softer look.This is a high energy DVD . You almost get out of breath just watching it . Most of the songs are up tempo and have lots of energy . Lights flash , scenes change rapidly . It 's very effective . I found myself squinting from time to time when a bright light was shown on my monitor .
 Este concierto es magico . Te trasporta y te sientes que estas viviendo esa experiencia dentro del concierto . No hay que ser fanatico para poder ver este expectacular concierto . Ella es una diva que merece todo el respeto y admiracion . Lo admirable de este es que ella es ella .
 I had never heard of this movie before its release on this DVD . It is a real treat for fans of Seventies horror films , in the vein of Blacula , Count Yorga , Deathmaster , or maybe even The Abominable Dr. Phibes . It sports a number of attractive women and as always focuses on the curious early 1970 's attraction to the supernatural . Best of all , though , is the ubiquitous and cheerfully wicked Doctor Death ! John Considine plays the part with considerable relish . The story hangs around a guy whose beloved wife has recently died and his desire to resurrect her -LRB- he is haunted by her saying , I will come back to you -RRB- . After many false starts he encounters the ghoulish Dr. Death who promises to help him with his problem , and in fact wo n't stop once Doctor Death 's usual method does not produce results , which is to kill someone else to enter the desired body . I think too much more plot would spoil the movie , but the remainder of the movie is by turns campy fun punctuated with some seriously twisted moments to keep the horror element . Other actors in this feature vary in quality , from the wooden husband to the odd and entertaining cameos by the likes of Florence Marly and Moe Howard!The print of this movie looks very nice with bright colors and no visible flaws . The sound is similarly clearly audible . The extras consist of a frankly rather boring commentary , but I do n't like most commentaries , by Considine and others . The best extras are an interesting interview with Considine and trailers for other movies to be released by Scorpion . I found this movie to be great fun and highly recommend it .
 Superb quality print , great cast and amazing extras make this one worth owning . John Considine is well-cast and the costume is also memorable . John 's voice has not changed as he contributes a lively commentary and has some great on-screen moments in the extras that I will not divulge here . A lost classic of the 70s , rediscovered for a new generation to enjoy .
 This second volume of performance clips from the BBC 's historically significant `` Old Grey Whistle Test '' series continues to goad and tease music geeks . When you research the -LRB- amazing ! -RRB- contents of the THREE volumes already available in the UK , this latest domestic offering , like Vol 1 , seems a tad timid and eager to `` play it safe '' -LRB- I can appreciate an `` eclectic '' mix , but Hall & Oates , Loggins & Messina , Jim Croce and Simply Red are better suited for the ubiquitous `` Soft Hits '' FM station in your market -RRB- . There are a few more questionable choices-I love the Who , but why offer a clip of one of the world 's greatest LIVE acts LIP SYNCHING thier worst single ever , `` The Relay '' ? Although I am an avid Anglophile , even I could have done without Heads Hands & Feet -LRB- erm ... who ?! -RRB- or the in-jokey `` skiffle '' jam -LRB- would it have hurt to include the odd Alex Harvey , Gary Moore or Roy Harper clip that is available on the UK disks instead ? -RRB- On the plus side , there are enough genuine `` live '' performances to balance things out . The most dynamic clip belongs to Montrose , really ripping it up with `` Bad Motor Scooter '' . Another highlight-spunky pixie Carla DeVito makes such a sexy splash during an exhaustingly epic rendition of `` Paradise By The Dashboard Light '' that you 'll barely notice that her boss Meat Loaf hits a lot of bad notes due to some obviously over taxed pipes . The NY Dolls are hilariously energetic , even though the deliciously sloppy `` Jet Boy '' is lip-synched -LRB- they were mostly about stage presence anyway -RRB- . You 'll also have a chuckle when you see the Average White Band 's Hamish Stuart , sporting the biggest ` fro ever grown by a Scotsman . Some nice moments on the introspective side as well , particularly from Beach Boy Bruce Johnston , delivering a breathtaking `` Disney Girls '' . An appearance by Tim Buckley -LRB- performing the lovely `` Dolphins '' -RRB- will be revelatory for younger viewers when they glean the spooky parallels in physical appearance and vocal expression with his son Jeff . Punk , New Wave and mid 80 's pop are covered as well , from the Adverts to Pre-Fab Sprout . A worthwhile disc -LRB- albeit frustrating -RRB- for serious music collectors .
 I have read other reviews expressing unhappiness with this second edition on the Old Grey Whistle Test and i must disagree completely . Of course we all wish our favorites could be inlcuded but there is so much great stuff on both of these DVDS that i would urge everyone who appreciates music from all decades to purchase them.I found myself seeking out and finding the albums by artists that i never had truly listened to before , like Head Hands and Feet and Tim Buckley , both of whose performances are stellar . The Jim Croce and New York Dolls clips are wonderful and if you mocked the 1980 's you will find yourself pulling out your old Stlye Council and Aztec Camera records after watching their clips . Prefab Sprout were a great band . OK , so i still want to see the Runaways `` School Days '' on the next volume 3 , but this collection is well worth having and i for one am addicted to this series .
 Another in what will hopefully be many volumes of this excellent music series from the UK . This show is the British version of Austin City Limits , with pop bands , and the some hard rock bands too -LRB- Montrose ! -RRB- . Most of the performances in this volume are live , although there might be some lip-sync occasionally . The over-the-top performance of Meatloaf singing `` Paradise By the Dashboard Light '' is worth the price of the DVD alone . The first volume of this series is better , but volume two rocks too !
 Sometimes it is hard to figure if some of the performances are lip synched , and some of them are , and I usually am turned off by that , but it 's impossible not to love this.The test performances are treasures .
 `` The Old Grey Whistle Test Vol 1 '' is the favorite music DVD in my collection . Volume II offers up more of the same type of intimate performances that this show was famous for . Unlike many shows of this nature , particularly those in the US , Whistle Test focused completely on the music . It was substance over style , though the dress favored by some of the acts looks hilarious now . Start with Volume 1 and then like me , you 're going to want the second and third volumes . I hope there 's more of these editions in the pipeline .
 Republic Pictures presents `` NEW FRONTIER '' -LRB- 10 August 1939 -RRB- -LRB- 57 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- The series was based on a series of western novels by William Colt MacDonald , which began with `` Law of the .45 's '' in 1933 -- The Three Mesquiteers is the umbrella title for a series of 51 western B-movies released between 1936 and 1943 , including 8 films starring John Wayne -- The name was a play on The Three Musketeers , and each film featured a trio of stars -- The series blended the traditional Western period with more modern elements , which was not unknown with other B-Western films and serials -- Towards the end of the series , during World War II , the trio of cowboys were opposing Nazis -- The Three Mesquiteers series was extremely popular at the time of its release -- The series was the only one of its kind to be specifically named and ranked in contemporary polls of the top western film stars -- For example , from 1937 to the end of the series in 1943 , The Motion Picture Herald consistently ranked the series in its top ten , reaching a peak of 5th place in 1938 , when a pre-Stagecoach John Wayne was the series leadUnder the production staff of : George Sherman - DirectorWilliam A. Berke - ProducerBetty Burbridge - ScreenwriterLuci Ward - ScreenwriterReggie Lanning - CinematographerWilliam Lava - Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- Tony Martinelli - EditorOur story line and plot , Our heroes Stony Brooke -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- , Tucson Smith -LRB- Ray `` Crash '' Corrigan -RRB- and Rusty Joslin -LRB- Raymond Hatton -RRB- members of the Three Mesquiteers convince a group of settlers to exchange their present property for some which , unbeknownst to our goodguys , is going to be worthless -- They are captured before they can warn the ranchers -- When the New Hope Valley ranchers learn their land has been condemned for construction of a new dam , they decide to fight -- When they delay the construction , Proctor suggests they relocate in a desert valley that will be irrigated by a new pipeline -- The dam is then completed but when the Mesquiteers check on the site , they see there was no intention of building a pipeline -- first attempt at film stardom for Phyllis Isley , age 20 at the time , whose name was changed in 1942 to the better known , Jennifer Jones , at the request of David O. Selznick , her mentor and later husband -- John Wayne said farewell to the Three Mesquiteers film series and to the character of Stoney Burke he had played in them . The Mesquiteers would continue on without the Duke as they had before him . Herbert J. Yates and Republic finally decided that Wayne had become too big a star to continue him in B westerns . His next film after this was a loan out to RKO , Allegheny Uprising -- In fact there was another change in the cast , Max Terhune left the series even before this and was replaced by Raymond Hatton.the cast includes : John Wayne ... Stony BrookeRay Corrigan ... Tucson SmithRaymond Hatton ... Rusty JoslinJennifer Jones ... Celia Braddock -LRB- as Phylis Isley -RRB- Eddy Waller ... Major Steven BraddockSammy McKim ... Stevie BraddockLeRoy Mason ... M.C. GilbertHarrison Greene ... William ProctorReginald Barlow ... Judge Bill LawsonBurr Caruth ... Dr. William ` Doc ' HallDave O'Brien ... Jason BraddockHal Price ... SheriffJack Ingram ... Henchman HarmonBud Osborne ... Henchman DicksonSlim Whitaker ... Rancher Jed Turner -LRB- as Charles Whitaker -RRB- Bob Burns ... Jailed RancherFred Burns ... Fiddle PlayerGeorge Chesebro ... DeputySpecial footnote -- The 32 year old John Wayne was fortunate enough to have talented writers around him to write novels that could be adapted into vehicles for his career , as well as short stories and screenplays that would immortalise him as the American hero -- This film is one such example -- When you watch this film you 're not watching it for the story -LRB- like you would do in ` Rio Grande ' or ` The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance ' -RRB- , you 're watching it to see John Wayne in action -- He is the romantic embodiment of what it was like for the settling community to live in the post-civil war era -- Despite the fact that most of these westerns distort history , what Wayne delivers gives you access to his humanity -- That 's what we like about him.BIOS :1 . John Wayne -LRB- aka
 John Wayne , Ray Corrigan and Raymond Hatton are one of the best trigger trios ever namely the Three Mesquiteers . The print is good and sharp and there are lots of riding , fighting and shooting . Some seconds of the action and stunts are fill-ins from older movies and that 's a bit irritating but one can live with it . It is always a pleasure to see great actors like Leroy Mason , Eddy Waller , Jack Ingram and many more . Billed under her real name Phyllis Isley , you are witness to the film debut of Jennifer Jones . And then it is a bit funny to think that this b-western is from the same year that Wayne starred in John Ford 's Stagecoach .
 Another excellent John Wayne &#34; B &#34; movie , one needs to like J.Wayne plus being able to enjoy the early movies , they are poor qulity compaired to today 's hi-tech movies . It is cute to watch these early producers and how they slip in some special effects .
 This movies great it follows the way thru a whole downhill season . Ups and down til the final race with a nail bitter the whole way . Check it out if you love downhill it worth it .
 Hey GuysThanks for the product , arrived swiftly and is in great working order really happy ! What an awesome movie go SA !!!
 I was extremely excited to pop this DVD into my computer and watch it . But please be aware this is more like a documentary . And please do n't let me deter you from buying this DVD.A lot of interviews about the the World Championship mixed with some GREAT interludes of the interviewee riding . Watching them ride will inspire all of you mountain biking enthusiast out there . As the description states , this is about the riders and sacrifices they go through , not about their riding skill and extreme stunts . I expected non-stop action , but this is still a great DVD to add to my collection . I 've watched it a few times just to watch them ride their riding chapters.A must buy for anyone serious about competitive DH racing . Shred it up all !
 Interesting dvd with some hard-to-find footage and interesting interviews . Must have for any Burdon/Animals fan ; however , I was a little bummed that no full-length performances/songs were included . Also , the video primarily focused on the two incarnations of The Animals and Burdon 's time with War was very quickly glossed over . :-LRB- All in all though , this was a great dvd and I recommend it .
 Having grown up in the 60 's and watching a lot of the British bands this was a great show about one of the more unique talents . Eric was and is a true artist .
 A fabulous 19 hours of music and commentary from , in my humble opinion , the greatest pianist ever.Glenn Gould has exquisite taste in music , as well as the ability to share his enthusiasm and passion.A natural teacher , explaining complex musical terms in a way that ordinary , non-musical people can easily understand.Then , he plays . You can see and hear the absolute joy of his playing . Awe-inspiringly beautiful.There is a lot of playing and some pieces have not been recorded elsewhere . So , this is a real treat for Glenn Gould fans to hear `` new '' recordings.He stopped giving concerts in 1964 . And I think he wanted listeners to have a more up-close and personal experience of music than the concert hall distant relationship . You will get that up-close and personal experience with this set.This DVD collection is a `` must have '' for any person who loves music , and for anyone who wants to learn more about music.It will most certainly entertain , educate , and delight .
 ... would not be enough for this extraordinary treasure trove of intelligence and beauty . You get to see Gould in real time , talking at length about the music that meant everything to him -- not just Bach and Schoenberg , but Richard Strauss . Mahler , Shostakovich , Prokofiev , and Beethoven , among others . These are complete programs , so you get to marvel not only at the transcendent performances but at the ease with which Gould enters into , say , a Bach fugue , whether for a few measures or for the entire piece , and then reemerges to deliver some extraordinary insight in a mannered but impeccable spoken prose ... This set is the bargain of the century at the present amazon price -LRB- $ 72.99 -RRB- but even if it goes back up to list price the decision to buy this would be a no-brainer . Wow .
 This wonderful dvd set allows you to get to know Glenn Gould as performer , writer , thinker , actor , conductor and composer . Absolute heaven for Gould fanatics like myself . I really like the Humphrey Burton interviews . I find Gould to be especially engaging , and the talks greatly enhance my understanding of the music that is to follow . A must-have item for Gould fans .
 ... for Sony/Columbia/CBC to put this on disc - so long that I gave up on it and eventually forgot about it . A few days ago I thought of this situation again , and for kicks and giggles I logged on the internet with the intent of contacting the CBC about my years-old request . Lo and behold , no contact was necessary . I rubbed my eyes , but it was true . The DVD transfer had been available since fall.Now I feel like a kid at Christmas waiting on this set to arrive . For Gould aficionados no explanation is needed . For lovers of Bach and fine keyboard playing who are n't familiar , listen to Gould 's Goldbergs or his WTC I and II .
 These gems that were readily available to Canadian television audiences -- and a sporadic list of other locations -- is surely to excite and entertain any Gould fan . I love how his eclectic mind comes through on these recordings.UPDATE : Wow ! I just looked at the price -LRB- 18 . Feb 2012 -RRB- . What happened to it ? It 's $ 109.98 . I bought this set three weeks ago for $ 59.99 .
 What could be better ? Hours of Gould talking and playing . Very cheap price for what you get . One of the best deals .
 What can one say watching these videos ?! Only one thing
 Bought this on a Lightning Deal , and have enjoyed it so far . There is a lot of content for the money and it is funny to see what Canadien Broadcasting was like several decades ago . Oh , and there is some good piano playing as well . Gould seems like he was an interesting , if not a little strange , person . It 's sad that he died so young of a stroke .
 About the Trojan War-sequence , it was probably the only way to do it . After all , the Trojan War was dealt with only briefly in the original poem . We can only hope the same production team do `` The Illiad '' one of these days : -RRB-
 I had to watch this movie for school and we kept saying on how we did n't want to watch a stupid movie like this . But this ended up being a real cool movie . One of my favorite scees is when polyhemis gets blinded by `` nobody '' . So the whole movie was a 100 % buy .
 I liked `` The Odessey '' , despite its iffy start , because the movie followed the original epic poem by Homer , which I read in college . To actually see it on screen was amazing ! The special effects were n't overdone like they were in `` Merlin '' . I plan to buy it for my collection in the future .
 Amazing , one of the best movies ever to be done . If you love Fantasy or Mythology -LRB- or both -RRB- then this is the movie for you to see ! the effects are very good , and the story is actually very true and without too many mistakes and twisting of the myth . There are two vers of this movie , one is long , the other shorter , i truely recomend the longer one . - Itay Shahar
 I 've seen this movie only four times before , but it is a great movie to share with a class or just to watch at home . The adventures it tells about , keeps you sitting on the edge of your seat and makes you want to keep watching until the end . I recomend this movie to people of all ages .
 As a teacher I find this movie to be a great way to introduce students to Greek mythology and Homer 's great epic . Very long but full of action with some gore just what most middle school kids love ! I enjoyed the movie .
 I first saw this version of Homer 's Odyssey several years ago on British tlevision and the meory of it is still clear in my mind . The sets are amazing , the acting superb -LRB- Assante and Scacci are amazing giving some of the best performances I have seen in any of their films -RRB- , and the direction excellent . Best of all , the plot of this version is the closest I have ever seen to the book . A must see for anyone who loves Greek mythology , a good adventure story , a good drama ...
 The OdysseyI thaught that the odessey was a ok movie . It was slow moving but good . Its special effects were very good . They were neat especially when the face was in the wave . It all stars out with the war . Odysseus is sent off to the war when his sun is being born . He fights for 10 years and at the end of the war Odysseus and his men build a hollow horse and get in it and some other men take it to there enemy 's castle . At night they get out of the horse and fight . Then odysseus leaves with his men and makes the gods mad at him by saying they can not stop him . So he goes through alot of trouble trying to get home . But some people help him like the god of the wind Aeolus but soon trouble comes again . One of Odysseuses men opens the bag and blows them to a far off land . Monsters evenchuly kill all of Odysseuses men . He comes to the island of Colypso and was there for 2 years on tell Zeus told a messenger to tell calypso to let Odysseus go or the island would be sunk to the bottom of the ocean . So calypso lets him go and when he finally gets home hera turns him into a old man and only his sun can see him young . Ponelapy gets some men to set up 12 axes with rings at the end of each handle that only Odysseus could shoot an arrow through . When Odysseus shoots the arrow through the 12 rings he turns back to his age he was before . I think this was a very good movie and my favorite character is Odysseus .
 I saw this movie in February ' 98 , whilst at university . I came home , told my husband all about it and eargerly went out to the stores to try and buy it . No such luck , like Odysseus , I tried hard to get to finish what I had started , but to no avail . It has now been almost a year . My husband has given up as we endlessly search every video shop , every library , and every outlet where it can be bought . We are told it has been withdrawn from Britain , and no other outlet seems to use the P.A.L format . Somebody please help . It is one of the most magnificent films I have ever seen and would go so far as to say that watching it was a life altering experience . If one looks beyond the storyline and the basic plot and begins to understand the more subtle themes , then it truely warrants full exposure . I am a classical studies undergraduate at Keele university , England and watching this film did not only give me personal pleasure , it fulfilled the aim of contributing to my knowledge of this wonderful epic poem . I am convinced this is one of the best interpretations of this poem ever made and I am equally convinced that Homer would have been ` most proud ' .
 This movie , THE ODYSSEY was really good and educational . This movie was based on the epic poem written by Homer . This movie had lots of action and suspense . My favorite scene was on Calypso 's island . Calypso had n't seen a man in a long time , and she tried her hardest to keep Odysseus on her island . But Zeus stepped in and made Calypso turn Odysseus free . My favorite characters were Telemachus , Achilles , Odysseus , and Calypso . Telemachus , the son of Odysseus , was very brave and never gave up hope that his father was still alive . Achilles , a great war hero , could n't be killed unless he was cut on his ankle . Odysseus , king of Ithica , helped defeat Troy and made it back home safely . Calypso was my all time favorite . This is probably because she is the best looking character in the movie . Another thing I liked about this movie was its historical background . The tunics that they wore were the same as the Greeks of that time wore . They also showed the olive pressing which was a big part of Greek life back then . The display of Social customs also had some historic background . If you went to visit another kingdom you would bring gifts , and receive a place to stay and a feast . Lastly , they showed the geography of Greece . They showed the mountainous and hilly terrain of ancient Greece . Overall , I think this movie was a great , and I would recommend it to everyone .
 In my opinion the Odyssey was a great movie . The characters were great . They wore tunics and thongs for foot wear . The long tunics are for hard labor . The boat was rowed by the men . The flag had that face of Athena on it . It also had two eyes on it so it could see . The weapons that they used were swords , spears , shields , arrows , and bows . They throw people in hot tar and hot water and also throw people over the wall . The character I really liked Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- , Penelope -LRB- Greta Scacci -RRB- Athena -LRB- Isabella Rossellini -RRB- , Telemachus -LRB- Alan Stenson -RRB- Aelous -LRB- Micheal J. Pollard -RRB- Polites -LRB- Roger Ashton Griffith , Calypso -LRB- Vanessa L. Williams -RRB- was the one that I really liked the most . I liked her more than I did the other because I though she had a great personality.I liked all of the gods and goddesses because I thought l they were very neat with all of the things they did . The things they dids were very neat . I also liked all of the monsters like Cyclops -LRB- Reid Asato -RRB- , Charybolis , and Scyalla . Well it was written by a famous writer named Homer . Homer lived in the eighth century B.C. . He was the most famous writer in those days . He also combined courage with intelligence
 This film is one of the better of this genre -- due to the casting , and the more `` true to life and literature '' approach that is taken . The characters seem much more `` human . '' Enough sexual content , albeit well done , to preclude viewing by even teenagers . Homer 's story is followed pretty faithfully , too , from my distant memories . But the real `` excellence '' is in the acting .
 It was a great movie , fairly long , and Armand Assante with another great performance . Verry close to Homer 's version of The Odyssey .
 This movie was great ! It combioned old Greek and Roman tales in today 's special effects and Vwala ! AWESOME ! This tale is a romance about a man who leaves on a journey right after a new born son to go through the God of Athena right down to the underworld only to go back to his wife and live happily ever after , A WONDERFUL MOVIE ! I recommend it to anyone who likes olden tales .
 Good job brandonAndy , your not doing so well , we need to have a talk
 And great and entertaining film ! A WONDERFUL GUEST CAST and some flavor to it , and is not racially discriminant -LRB- Vanessa Williams is in it -RRB- , something we a lot these days.Armand Assante and his band of supporting actors give great life to the film and I notice the supporting actors are actually trying to make it better , rather than most actors who just do the role because it 'll make them money . GREAT MOVIE , WORTH THE $ 13.00 Now , you wonder , why did he give it four stars out of five if it is so good ? The reason is this movie is very depressing at some parts and gets very gruff and there is and little crude comedy . Especially at the end . That plucks off a star , just because it was pretty bright and cheeful during the voyage . OVERALL A GREAT MOVIE AND YOU SHOULD REALLY CONSIDER BUYING IT , BUT THERE ARE HAPPIER FILMS .
 This film can be broken up into 3 parts . The first 2 parts detail scenes from Homer 's ILIAD and Virgil 's AENEID . The 3rd part , as is likely surmised , covers stories taken from Homer 's ODYSSEY . The latter comprises 90 % of the film.The weakest part of the film is early section of ILIAD material . For one , the actor who plays Achilles is simply not big enough or brawny enough to be believable as what was supposed to be the greatest warrior who ever lived . Even worse , his showdown with the Trojan champion Hector -LRB- one of the climactic scenes from the ILIAD -RRB- is sadly disappointing . It would have been better to omit this episode altogether rather than water it down as much as they did.As a minor criticism , it is unfortunate that the audience of the film is never told WHY all of Greece went to war with Troy . No mention is made of Paris ' abduction of Helen of Laconia . The movie makes it seem like the Greeks one day just got up and arbitrarily decided to invade Troy . The Trojan 's violation of Xenia is not divulged as a just reason for the actions of the Greeks.Those criticisms aside , the rest of the movie is splendid , for the most part . The episode of the Trojan horse -LRB- from the AENEID -RRB- is well done and follows Virgil fairly closely . The TELEMACHIA is touched on with brevity , but it is included . And , of course , Odysseus ' famous adventures in `` la la land '' are there for all to see.Armand Assante is a good pick as the clever and sagacious king of Ithica . He is a great warrior , but not the best . He 's a man who tends to rely much more on insidious cunning than brute strength . His feud with Poseidon is brought out nicely , and the depiction of Poseidon is very impressive.This film is highly recommended for those who have read Homer , those who have not read Homer & those who 've not yet read the Greek bard , but someday want . The special effects on the DVD are dazzling & bring Greek mythology to life -LRB- particularly the Underworld sequence -RRB- . The epic poem is recommended to all as well . However , if you do n't ever get around to reading it , this film does do a credible job of capturing some of the flavor and magic of a classic work that is over 2,500 years old .
 The OdysseyI think that this was a very cool movie ! At first I was kind of doubtful , because lots of times school movies are pretty boring . But between the great costumes , cast , and special effects , this reinactment of Homer 's Odyssey was great . The cast was awesome , including some very well-known actresses like Vanessa Williams and Bernadette Peters . This movie has something for everyone . If you like blood and gore , or if you like adventure , or if you like romance , this video has it all . This movie starts out with Odysseus ' son being born and him leaving Ithaca to fight the Trogan War . After the war , Odysseus is cursed by Poseidon , who swears Odysseus will never get home . On the way back to Ithaca , Odysseus encounters many gods , goddesses , and mythical creatures , such as the Cyclops and the Scylla . Many of him men were killed on the long journey home . While he was away , lots of men tried to marry his wife Penelope , but she was faithful to her husband . When Ithaca 's hero and king returns home , everything has a very happy ending . This video also tells a great deal about the true history of Greece during this time period . Olive farming and pressing was mentioned , the attire of the men -LRB- tunics -RRB- was also shown . Also , the citizens of Greece and it 's hilly , unfertile ground were portrayed realistically , being herders , sailors , and warriors . Also , the religion of early Greece also played a big part in this story . For example , Athena was always watching over Odysseus , who feared Poseidon because of the curse . Another custom was to sacrifice goats and other animals to the gods and to always bring a gift to your host . All in all , I really liked this movie . I think you will too !
 The Odyssey is a great educational aid . The movie is a great explanation of the story of Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- . If I would have read the translated story in a book , I really would n't understand the story at all . Odysseus has great preserverence . HIs family has even more , considering the fact that after 7 years of war and 10 more years after that , they still believe Odysseus will return . Penelope , -LRB- Greta Scacchi -RRB- Odysseus ' wife , never gave up on Odysseus , and kept the promise he asked of her the day he left for war . Telemachus -LRB- Alan Stenson -RRB- did his best in walking in his father 's footsteps . It was hard to name Odysseus as the only protaganist , because Penelope was also a main character . After viewing this movie , I have a better understanding of why the writer Homer would write a poem about the adventures of Odysseus . I have a better understanding of why the greeks had polytheism . In the movie , it shows how strong polytheisn was . When Odysseus ' son , Telemachus is born , he shouts out , `` The the gods and Penelope ... '' . During the movie Athena -LRB- Isabella Rosellini -RRB- appears to give Odysseus and Penelope her wisdom . The movie also shows how olives were pressed for olive oil in those days . I thought that was pretty interesting , knowing that the Greeks used olives in practically all their food . Overall , The Odyssey was a unit on Greece all by itself .
 I enjoyed watching the movie . Movies like the Odyssey helps me get a feel for what we are talking about in class . Sometimes it 's hard to get into a subject when you do n't have anything to go by . The Odyssey may be kind of bloody , gross , and something you do n't watch before lunch , but the specil effects are great . Everything seemed so real . One part I do n't like about the Odyssey is the Underworld . Being a christian , the underworld gave me the chills . The Odyssey was a good resource for the classroom .
 It was an accident that I chanced upon watching The Odyssey on the Hallmark Network . No viewing time not well-spent with the lavish production design , brilliant acting , and not-off-tangent-from-literature screenplay . I hope they release a DVD version right away .
 This Oddysey is great for anyone that has a sense of adventure or just likes the Greek myths . It is well done and has a great cast of characters . The movie is a summary of all the adventures Oddyseus had to go through in order to get back to Ithaca - to his wife and son . I highly recommend this movie and give it five full stars .
 This is a must see ! It is really good if you have any interest in the greek gods and mythology ! The story was just right . The actors were fantastic and the special effects were great .
 The Oddyssey , as most of you know , was originally an epic poem written by the ancient Greek , Homer . If you are interested in ancient Greek culture , this is a good movie to check out . I 've read the poem and much of the context is the same in the movie as in the poem . The order and storyline differs but it is still a close match . I 've you 're planning on reading The Oddyssey , check this movie out . It will help you understand the poem better .
 This movie is incredible considering it was made to just be a tv movie . The credit goes to breathtaking locations , an awesome , director and a first rate cast . The odyssey is never boring , and like it says on the box is a visual feast . Odysseus goes through trial after trial and always finds a way to make it work . And best of all the monsters and effects do not look fake and are not computer generated like they are now . Anyone who is a fan of Troy , Clash of the titans or the like , should check this film out . 5 ***** 'S
 Armand Assante may have laid claim to the ` king of the mini-series ' crown a long time ago with the productions of `` Napoleon And Josephine '' and `` Jack The Ripper '' , but in this , he renders any viewings of the multi-million dollar farce `` Troy '' utterly pointless.Obviously `` The Odyssey '' is a tale that should be given the `` I , Claudius '' treatment , but in this day and age , most of the viewing public would n't even last through two episodes . However , 3 + hours is preferable to a trim 90-minute quickie , and most of the cast fail to disappoint.The special effects are really quite remarkable by tv-standards , particularly the scenes in the underworld . The final battle scene is a bit too gory for kids , but it 's handled exceptionally well.My only gripe ? Greta Scacchi is a knockout , but I do n't think I 'd ever leave Bernadette Peters for her .
 Well I just finished watching this movie in school , after reading the poem . Most literature-based films are cheesy , and this one is slightly cheesy , but the special effects were amazing . The Cyclops especially looked real , and pretty gross . Of course , nothing can compare to the original poem by Homer , but the film actually lets you see all the action and emotion . Speaking of emotion , the film has very good actors , especially the guy who played the adult Telemachus . That 's another thing . In the movie I saw more of Telemachus and Penelope , and how they were and stuff , because when we read the poem we did n't read all of it . There were some things in the movie , though , that were n't in the poem . For example , in the poem Telemachus never fought one of the suitors , and the suitors did n't burn Penelope 's shroud . But the film was pretty historically accurate . I did n't know , however , that women had to cover their faces when they spoke to men -LRB- or in public ? -RRB- . Because at one point in the movie , Penelope speaks to all the suitors with a cloth covering her face , and they ridicule and are rude to her . But when she drops it , they become silent and seemingly shocked . Hmm . Overall , it was an excellent film . It was a bit bloody , but I suppose that 's why it 's rated PG-13 . If this was done with an all-star cast by a well-known director , it probably would have become a huge hit .
 I think The Odyssey by Homer is a pretty good movie . The cast members look like they lived in that time period . Some of the people that played in the movie are -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- Odysseus , -LRB- Greta Sacchi -RRB- Penelope , -LRB- Isabella Rosselini -RRB- Athene , and many more . Also the clothes they wore were authentic . Like the tunic , all the dresses , and the armor . The casting by the actors made you think that you were watching the real thing . My favorite character in the movie is Michael Pollard who played Aeolus the god of wind . During the movie they started new adventures as soon as the finished one . The movie is pretty good but is slow in some parts . After a slow part it picked back up into an action scene . It is also more historical than entertainment . They had to press the wine , sacrifice goats , heard goats , fish , make weapons , and several other things . So in conclusion I give The Odyssey four stars
 I saw this first when the mini series first came out in 1997 . I thought that it was great . It was down to the last detail when you try to fit the entire battle of Troy into one half hour . I thought the acting was great too . I think this movie deserves 5 stars .
 This review is for the video . There are two versions of the mini-series on DVD . As recently as three years ago it was not on region 1 for American viewers.Armand Assante is Odysseus . No offense to Sean Bean -LRB- A Great Actor In His Own Right -RRB- , but I could not see him as Odysseus in the film Troy . How I wish they had again recast Assante -LRB- Assuming He Would Have Wanted To Reprise The Role -RRB- . Assante carries this mini-series , and although 10 years older than Bean is -LRB- And A Little Heavier & More Muscular -RRB- , he more than backs up the part of Odysseus.This mini-series concentrates very little on the events of the Trojan War itself . Instead it showcases Odysseus 's long voyage home to Ithaca -LRB- For The war With Troy See
 The movie wsa filled with action and lots of special effects ... I loved the plot and the sory was meaning full .
 No need to pay a lot for this out-of-print DVD . The Odyssey is available on the compilaiton DVD `` Classic Adventures Collection 2 -LRB- Gulliver 's Travels / The Odyssey -RRB- '' . Search for it here and pay much less . Or use this link
 ok first off excellen t movie secound its a rewritten storry of kirk douglas movie ulysses cheaper dvd same movie differant actorsbut bassed on the same story
 I believe the cast in this movie was as awesome as the story was , it gets your attention and keeps it till the very end.the special effects and the filming locations were the perfect settings over all simply 5 stars .
 I saw this movie years ago and have been trying to locate it . At a cost of $ 100.00 dollars it was not cheep , but it was worth every penny .
 I previously watched the movie The Odyssey . The Odyssey is a story written about a man named Odysseus . This story was written by Homer a Greek writer . Odysseus was played by Armand Assante , I think he did a great job . After the Illiad the first epic by Homer The Odyssey starts . The Illiad is about Odysseus fighting in the Trojan War . In the Odyssey , Odysseus upsets the god Poseidon -LRB- Miles Anderson -RRB- . Poseidon tells Odysseus that he wont make it home for a longtime . On Odysseuss journey home he encounters many creatures & people . He meets one of Cyclops -LRB- Reid Asato . -RRB- Aeolus then gave Odysseus a sack of wind . When they had Ithaca in their sights one of the men opened the sack of wind and it blew far away from Ithaca . As Telemachus gets older his mother has to be wed another man . Athena tells Odysseus that she can change him into an old beggar . Then only Telemachus could know who he was . When he comes into the town of Ithaca he sees that the men have destroyed his town . His son had grown his beard so he had to enter the ring . He fought one of the men wanting to marry Penelope . Then she decides to make a challenge for the men to find out who will marry her . The man who can string Odysseuss bow and shoot it through the axe handles would win her hand in marriage . It seemed impossible to the men , then the old man strung it and shoot it perfect.This movie was historically correct in a couple of ways . The characters wore tunics made of wool . The people were fishermen , herders , and warriors . As they did in real life the people believed in many gods , and believed in sacrificing animals . The people grew olive and the woman pressed them . It took place in Ancient Greece . As it was believed in Ancient Greece you must bring presents to the persons they are visiting . The hostess was expected to board and lodge them . This movie was a good action packed thriller .
 I think the movie ` The Odyssey ' was great . You would think for this movie that the special effects would be really bad , but they wer n't . ` The Odyssey ' is about a man called Odissius . He and his wife Penelope had a son . But on the day Oddisiusses son was born he had to go to the Trojan war . The story has many twists and turns as he goes through the jorney of trying to get back home .
 This movie was based on the epic poem by Homer . The Odyssey was a great movie . I loved the way the war was fought . The Wooden Horse was amazing . I would n't thought of that in a million years.The mountains in greece is rockyand the and the land was , too.They ate flat bread and the palace was open with all the animals inside it.They grew olives and made oils from it . Then Odysseus thinks that he was so clever that he could live with out the gods . So when Poseidon hears it , he cursed him so he could n't see his home land for many years . While he is trying to get home , he meets some interesting people and islands like the Cyclopes and he out smarts it . Next he lands on another island of aeolos , the wind god , and he tries to help him , but one of his men opens the bag and let all the wind out . Lands on the island of Circe and stays with her for five years , while he thinks it is five days . Then he goes to the underworld to find a blind prophet , sees his mother , and leaves . Meets the two creatures , one is a five headed hydra and the other is a gigantic mouth underwater . That 's how the rest of his crew dies . Then lands on another island and there he meets Calypso . Stays two years , when he leaves he sees Poseidon and he `` broke '' him , then he can sail homewards.Now he lands on another island and the king of that island helps him by getting him a boat . Sails home , and sees his son , goes home , fix the contest . And the rest is history . That 's is what I like the most about the story .
 Great experience , seller sent it quicker than I expected.Thank you
 The movie was great it had nice ideas because my favourite part of the movie was that one person was turned into pig and how they were all chaseing it.But the problem is that most of the movie was fake and had to much kissy kissy but apart from that everything else was very good .
 Homer would have endorsed this rendering of his tale . Full of wonderful special effects , gorgeous Mediterranean vistas , and gods and goddesses who look their parts , this movie is still driven by personalities . The casting was brilliant
 This movie name was Odyssey . I thought this was a great movie , and I would recommend this movie for anybody that is interested . One reason why I thought it was interesting was because all of it 's historical facts . My favorite character was Cyclops . I liked him the most because they made him look so lifelike . Cyclops was a mythological creature . The Cyclops and Nymphs where the sons of Poseidon god of the sea . This movie was about a man named Odysseus that left his home to to fight a war -LRB- Trojan War -RRB- the day his son was born . He won the war and started to embark on his journey home . It took him many years but he finally made it home . I liked this movie a lot like I said I would recommend this movie for anyone that is interested in Greeks , or someone who just wants to see a wonderful movie . Some interesting things that I learned from this movie that I did n't know before was that I did n't know that the Greeks ate with their hands I thought they used silverware or something like that . Another intersecting thing about this movie was their clothes . The actors costumes looked really realistic . All of the clothes that I have seen before that the Greeks wore looked almost exactly like the ones in the movie . Most of the transportation that they used in the movie was boats . And that is a fact because most of the transportation back then was boats . The place that they filmed the movie was in the original place that it came from -LRB- Ethica -RRB- . It was so awesome because you where seeing the place where it was supposed to happen.Jonathan Beigle
 This was an excellent movie . Compare it to Ulysses which was the 1955 version of The Odyssey there is no comparison . This one is a lot more truer to Homer . It also has much nicer scenery and much better acting . If you want a good movie of The Odyssey get this one . The scenery is beautiful and the acting is great and so is the story . Do n't waist your time on Ulysses though . It 's not worth it believe me .
 This movie was wonderful ! My fellow students and I really enjoyed this movie ! If I were a real movie critic I would give this movie four stars ! This movie was a great choice ! The director chose a good bunch of actors ! My favorite character was Hermes . I really enjoyed this movie !
 This movie is based on the great epic poem written by Homer . I saw the movie in my English class and I loved it . The beginning did start out iffy , with the Trojan War and the birth of Telemachus . However , After Odysseus left to Troy , the special effects came out . The scene with the cyclops Polyphemus was well documented . Scylla and Charybdis , which was my favorite scene , was taken differently than the poem . The movie had made great ratings . I loved it .
 I really enjoyed this movie it was way cool I had to watch it for school and by the end we were asking our teacher where she had bought it . One of my favorite scenes was when Polythemis got blinded by `` nobody '' . Also another really cool part was when he had to go to the `` Land of the dead '' Also there are so many stars of this deacde such as Armand Asante-Vannessa Williams and so many other stars . This one is probably cooler than the original one because of the awesome Special Effects . There are some parts where you sit there wondering what it would have been to like to live back then . The creatures looked so realistic it was kind of scary . But i really do highly recomend this video to any one who wants to see a really cool movie
 What happens when mankind begins to look within himself for guidance and the meaning of life rather than outwardly towards some personification of divinity or abstract supernatural power?This is the authentic journey of adventure and discovery awaiting Odysseus in this excellent made for television mini-series . It 's not the epic wars of men , nor the destructive natural forces with which he must contend . It 's not even the capricious whims of the Gods , Goddesses and assorted monsters populating the mythical landscape of ancient Greece and the surrounding Mediterranean . They are all nothing more than the externalization of ongoing internal processes yet to be resolved within the human soul.When Odysseus , King of Ithica sails off to war he does so with more in mind than just honoring a treaty between kings . He is seeking something more personal and lasting , he is in search of immortality . Greatness in battle was to be the vehicle by which he hoped to achieve this goal . Endeavoring to prove himself to be a God among men , he hoped to so impress the Gods of Olympus with feats of valor that he would be accepted into their eternal company.However when the God 's turn on Odysseus for his hubris he becomes angry and begins to re-evaluate man 's need for Gods ' at all . As he struggles for the next ten years to find his way back to his wife Penelope and son he slowly begins to see through lifes ' veil of illusion and eventually discovers that his path to eternal life was waiting for him back in Ithica all along . True immortality is found only within familial love and the continuation of that part of yourself that lives on in your sons and daughters . When he finally makes it home he must face one last threat to ensure the perpetuation of his legacy.The special effects are extremely well done , specially for a made-for-television production and the Mediterranean scenery is absolutely breathtaking . My two favorite sequences in the film are the ghostly vision of Hades counterbalanced by the incredibly beautiful Isle of Calypso . Armand Assante is fantastic as the brave , yet introspective Odysseus and Greta Scacchi is perfect for the part of the beautiful , long suffering Penelope . What really sets this movie apart and makes it so special is Director Andrei Konchalovsky 's ability to give the viewer more than just a classic action/adventure . He delivers an insightful examination into the soul of the mythic Odysseus as he searches for the true meaning of life .
 This is a film I show each year to my seventh-grade social studies students in ` Ancient Civilizations ' class . Of course , parts of the Vanessa Williams sequence must be edited , but for the most part -- this film is true to the Homeric epic , and is tons of fun to watch!The cast is superb -- it would be hard to single out one weak link . Vincenzo Nicoli -LRB- Antinous -RRB- has to be one of the most underrated villians of all time . Just as he portrayed Simeon -- the hateful brother in ` Joseph ' , he seeths with anger that makes the homecoming of Odysseus one of the best -LRB- and bloodiest ! -RRB- climaxes to date ! The special effects are excellent -- especially Poseidon , and the vortex Carybdis . This creation was years ahead of Titanic , to which it will surely be compared , as will the goat scene to Jurassic Park.All in all , Homer would be proud of this film . The Trojan War scene , and Achilles versus Hector sequence are awesome , and the final reunion scene between Odysseus and Penelope will stir all but the romanticly dead!Much research must 've gone into this film . There are nuances of the ancient Greek world that few will notice , such as the spirits in the underworld who are forced to wander , having been unburied , and the incredible hospitality which ancient Greeks showed guests in their homes.I would have loved to have seen Charon the ferryman of the Styx however , or perhaps Cerberus the three-headed dog , but this is a minor complaint . My students loved this film , and congratulations are in order to the producers.The Odyssey far surpasses earlier attempts of this genre , and is infinitely superior to ` Merlin ' . But behind the storyline and special effects is the lesson , and it is a good one -- for Odysseus and for us
 The Odyssey was a great movie . It 's about Odysseus the hero of the Trojan war and his journey home after upsetting the god Poseidon while he was bragging about winning the war , on his own . It follows the homerepic poem The Oddysey . I enjoyed learning about the subject in a modern way instead of some movies I have seen in black and white about the topic . One of my favorite characters is Athene because she is so mysterious and you never know when she will appear . The actors were really good especially Alan Stenson who plays Telemachus -LRB- Odysseus 's son -RRB- . I also liked the special affects ! They would have been much better except all of the scenes were really bloody and gory ! My favorite part of the movie was near the end when as a test Penelope -LRB- Odysseus ' wife -RRB- gave her husband 's bow and told whichever of her suitors strung the bow and shot an arrow through the holes in line of axes she would marry him . Then Odysseus disguised as an old man passes the test and turns back into his normal self . All in all this was a great movie and I reccomend it to anyone looking for a more interesting way to educate themselves about Homer 's epic poem the Odyssey
 This particular film adaptation of Homer 's epic poem , staring Armand Assante as Odysseus , and produced by Francis Ford Coppola , from the studios of Hallmark Entertainment , is more than likely the best film rendition of this grand story.King of Ithaca , Odysseus , is asked to join the Greek forces to recover the kidnapped Princes Helen , -LRB- whose face launched a thousand ships -RRB- , and masterminded the famous Trojan Horse leading to the Greek victory . Odysseus thus leaves Troy to return to his kingdom but is thwarted at every turn , punished by the god Poseidon , taking ten years to finally walk the shores again of his beloved Ithaca.This tale continues to resonate over three thousand years since it was written . Why ? Because it is a classic tale that illustrates all the great virtues of humankind
 The Odyssey was about the greek hero Odysseus ' journey home from his victory of the trojan war . He encounters many perils on his voyage . IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN FANTASY , THIS IS YOUR MOVIE .
 I loved watching this movie . Armad Assante is great he is the greatest actor for this movie . Vanessa Williams is the best actress in the movie . she is his costar but is the second best in the movie . I give this movie two thumbs up . I recommend this movie to anyone who likes history born in the 90 's . Have a fun time watching it .
 `` The Odyssey '' brings great life to Homer 's epic . The film is captivating and full of adventure , romance , and humor . Although it does not follow Homer 's text exactly , it does a great job of sticking rather closely to the text . It 's a wonderful film that will please mythology lovers or anyone who needs a clearer understanding of Homer 's text .
 The OdysseyThis movie was really good . It is the best movie I have seen in school . Some of my favorite characters are Athene -LRB- Isabella Rossellini -RRB- , Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- , Calypso -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- . The movie started off with Odysseus being called to fight in the Trojan War . It had good effects of how they hide in the horse . Odysseus ran into a lot of mythological creatures . Some of them helped him and some tried to make his trip back to Ithaca really hard . I liked the way Vanessa Williams played Calypso . She is a really good actress . I also liked the effects of Poseidon -LRB- Miles Anderson -RRB- it was really good how they had his face on the wave since he is the god of the sea . The best part to me is when Odysseus gets home and shoots the arrows through the twelve axes . I also like when Odysseus and his son fight the men who want to marry Penelope . It is really good when he hits everyone with an arrow and he hits one man going out he door to escape and the arrow goes out of the man and hits the woman I think who is suppose to take care of Odysseuss son . This movie was really and I hope to watch it again in school some other time .
 I ca n't imagine a more perfectly cast movie than this . It should have been the best thing we have seen for about the last ten years , but the direction , editing and special effects competely sidetrack the performances.The actors are up to presenting Homer 's epic - poetry is language elevated to it 's highest standard - but the script was really bad , reducing character portrayals to cartoon level or worse , music videos . To give the screeplay a bit of credit , however , it 's not easy to paraphrase a classic.Armand Assante sails through anyway , portraying the King of Ithaca with grand restraint . He never once lets ` what am I DOING in this thing ? ' slip through his characterization . One wonders if he is not imagining the Director in front of him as he swings his broadsword violently in one scene.The monsters were created by Jim Henson 's Creature Shop , but these particular choices show how much we really miss his design genius . Lots of neoprene there , and it showed.The story is told reasonably faithfully -LRB- similar to Odysseus ' marriage . . -RRB- and you do get the Cliff Notes version of it from this . I 'd buy it just for Assante 's performance .
 In the comentary , the director upfront admitts wishing to focus on the most entertaining parts of the Odyssey and this he does . I do not believe their is much to criticize -LRB- although there are some to be done -RRB- given the fact that even with scenes removed the runtime of the film is close to four hours . Therefore credit is due for fitting as much as they did.The real strength of the movie is its staying true to the core story . Unlike myth/ancient history movies that have come up in the last few years such as Gladiator , Troy , and Alexander , which are mostly rationalized assumptions of the stories they are supposed to tell , the Odyssey stays true to the events that are written . Even little things that really do n't bear a great deal on the movie -LRB- e.g. Athena being Mentor , the scar on Odysseus ' leg , and Nausika finding Odysseus on the shore -RRB- are kept to ensure the purity of events.Another nice point is the talent used in this movie . Despite the effects being about 10 years old , they do not overly dominate like most multi-million dollar effects movies today . Unlike the before mentioned movies who star the current most-popular eye candy of the time to garner support for the movie , such as Orlando Bloom , Brad Pitt , and Angelina Jolies , the performers have more a theatre -LRB- and thus more credible ability -RRB- background.Isabella Rossillini stays true to Athena 's playful toying part , Bernadette Peters is sassy and seductive as Kirke ought to be , and Vanessa Williams , though not the `` fair-haired '' as her epitath always calls her , but is exotic enough to make a convincing Kalypso.As for the critiques , they are few , and mostly scene modifications .1 -RRB- Poseidon 's grudge against Odysseus is his blasphemy , though in the book it is primarily the blinding of Polyphemus . This is touched in the movie , when the Kyklops calls his father to avenge him , but is never addressed . It would have been better to keep it so .2 -RRB- The sheep of Helios is missing , but I believe that Karybdis is a much better effect , so that omisssion is more than forgivable .3 -RRB- We always see the olive tree , but its importance should have been stressed . Penelope uses it to test Odysseus when he comes home . They could have cut out some of the lovey-duvey dialogue at the end to add that scene-it would only take about 30 seconds .4 -RRB- The scene where Ares and Aphrodite are caught in bed by Hephestatus is a funny scene , and helps to explain why Odysseus eventually makes it home without Poseidon 's interference . The movie on a whole does all its sex scenes tastefully , and this one could have been as well , unlike Rome and Troy where it is graphic sex for the sake of gratuitous sex .5 -RRB- They might have thrown in Odysseus ' conversation with Agamemnon in the underworld about being stabbed in the back by his wife , Klytemnestra , as it would help the drama when later Odysseus admits misgivings about Penelope 's faithfulness to him to Athena . On the other hand , the scene in the underworld from the book is mostly a list of the procession of Persephone and the movie captures the most important parts of the chapter.Finally there are the sets . The boats are modeled after realistic triremes , and the paintings on the houses , especially Menalaus ' , are close to accurate . The layout of Odysseus ' home complete with the Andron , and the women 's quarters upstairs , and the bouletarion with Odysseus ' throne shows that their set designer actually did some research -LRB- another trait often lacking in blockbuster films on ancient epics -RRB- All in all , one of the best examples of ancient epic/mythology in the media out . It stays more close to the original material , and anytone who is familiar with the work of Homer will enjoy it . Academic it may not be , but it is sucessful being entertaining as promised , but also telling the story as Homer probably wanted it to be told .
 This story will be told forever and ever , but the cinenatography in this version is extrordinary . The acting is excellent .
 I highly recommend you wait for the Blu-ray version as the sellers here have an extremely ridiculous idea of inflating what was once a less than fifteen dollar DVD movie to the current price . This is a pretty decent Hallmark sword and sandal movie with Armand Assante . It follows the Homer tale without to much literary license . I have seen it several times on TV and I can easily rent it as well . That is the way it will stay until it comes out in Blu-ray probably this or next year . Are there people stupid enough to pay over one hundred and fifty dollars for this movie?CA Luster
 I teach Engish to freshmen and we read The Odyssey as part of our curriculum . This movie version is well done and I enjoy showing it to the students . -LRB- They enjoy it , which adds to my own . -RRB- It stays pretty true to the version we read and the monsters , gods , etc. , are portrayed well . The only hesitancy I have with it at all regards Circe and Calypso . There are some brief sexual innuendos/situations with these two women , which there are more of in the story , but generally not in the story provided in freshmen anthologies . However , at the freshmen level , it 's completely within boundaries to show it . Watching the movie adds a dimension to the written word , and provides opportunities for comparing and contrasting as well . I will continue to show it .
 The movie was superb . Although it may have not ` totally ' followed the story line , I belive it left the story line slightly only to add emphases to make the viewer feel the pain , joy , sorrow that they were to have felt on there journey.Other then that I do belive this movie did a great job following the story line from the greek classic by Homer , but also at the same time while not only great viewing , but really taught something as well as if reading the book . To know no matter how great one is , there is always one more powerful , even if it is a force unseen . ` to them the gods which Odysseus said he didnt need anymore at first only to be plagued by the cure of Posiden to suffer and never see His beloved home again ' . Well worth watching for entertainment and also educational too . Youll easily find yourself watching this movie a few times.Armand Assante was a great choice to play Odysseus who plays the part flawlessly , but Vanessa Williams as Calypso ... &#62; :-RRB- ~ * Whistles * enough said on this.Great movie to treasure = -RRB-
 The OdysseyThis movie the Odyssey was very interesting . It show alot of fighting , and struggles . Their are a lot of things I did notknow about until now ... . Odysseus was a strong part of the moviethe Odyssey . He had a long journey . He was played by Armand Assante.Odysseus had to go off for war . Leaving his wife and his son whosname is Telemachus . As he had to leave for the Trojan war his wifefelt in sorrow . But Odysseus needed to do what he had to do . Monthspast than came years . As he was on his way home troubles came . Oneof his crew members let out all the bad air . Odysseus and his crew waslost again . Well after years to come he made it home . But before hecould come home is because he had to perform a task . After he performthe task he made it home . This was a extrodinary movie with a highrating . &Ograve;I would recommend this movie to anyone who likeadventures&Oacute; ...
 This is the story of a man named Odysseus . Odysseus has to go and fight in the Trojan War right after the birth of his son , Telemachus . Once the war is over , Posiedon curses Odysseus . Posiedon tells Odysseus that he will never return home . Odysseus doesnt believe him . When Odysseus is trying to get home , he encounters many monsters , gods and goddesses . Some of them helpful , some of them not . Finally , he makes it home . When he makes it home , Athena disguises him a an old beggar . Only Telemachus , his son , can recognize him . Odysseus has to perform the task of stringing a bow and shoot it through twelve axes . This task was to get back his wife and love , Penelope . The costumes , special effects , and actors , and actresses made this movie very pleasant to watch . There was only one thing that I did not like in this movie . The part I did n't like was when Odysseus and Telemachus killed all of the suitors for Penelope . This was a great movie . I recommend this move to anyone !
 I thought that the movie , The Odyessy , was fantastic ! It showed many details about that period in time . I thought that the way they dressed looked great . The story was followed well and stuck to the topic . My favorite character was Penelope -LRB- Greta Scacci -RRB- . Somehow she knew her long lost love , Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- , would come back some day . I thought that the specials effects were splendid . They looked so real that I though they were ! The best example of this is when Odysseus and his men were told to go through a cave by an old dead prophet . It had a three-headed monster named the Silla . It ate some of the men and a cute little goat . When they reached the end , they came upon a waterfall . At the bottom , there was a monster named the Cariptus.It hid beneath the water . It ate all of the men except for lonely Odysseus . He drifted off in the water . That was also my favorite part . I think that the director , Andrei Assante did a excellent job making the story fun to watch . Though it was a bit gory in the end , I loved it . Everyone should see it .
 I have just finished watching the movie , The Odyssey . It was good in many different ways . It had a lot of actors in it and many of them played their part very well . My favorite character would have to be Penelope -LRB- Greta Scacchi -RRB- . She had a hard time handling the fact that her husband , Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- , was gone at war and may never return home . The fact that her husband left right after their son was born was upsetting as well . She made a promise to her husband that when their son grew into a man , she would have to choose a new husband . After the Trojan War ended , Odysseus yelled to the gods that he did n't need their help after all , when he actually did use their help . The god of the sea , Poseidon , heard him and put a curse on him that he could n't go home to Ithaca . Odysseus went through many extraordinary adventures and many did n't creatures while trying to get home . One of these strange creatures was Cyclops , Poseidon 's brother . Cyclops -LRB- Reid Asato -RRB- is a giant with one huge eye in the middle of his forehead that loves to eat humans . Odysseus and his men floated down to the island where Cyclops lived and Cyclops asked Odysseus what his name was and Odysseus said that it was nobody . While Odysseus and his men were there with the Cyclops they gave him the gift that they had brought , which was wine . After some cups , Cyclops started to lay down and fall asleep . Once they thought that he was asleep , they took a large stake and jammed it into the Cyclops ' eye . The Cyclops immediately jumped up and started to run around yelling , Nobody hurt my eye . The men escaped quickly , but the Cyclops ate the fiddler . The men that were left , left the island and floated along some more for many more adventures . In conclusion , I thought that this movie was great ! It used a lot of facts from the epics by Homer .
 The movie was full of action . Mostly because there is a lot of fight . There was fighting at Troy . Other thing that made this action packed was when he is trying to get home and he had to go through a lot to get home . It was very interesting because there was action . Movies w/out action are kind of boring and this movie really had action.The director choose good actors and actresses . Armand Assante played a really good actor being Odysseus and did Greta Scacchi by being Penelope . They all played their parts well . The Gods looked good with all their makeup on and they really looked like Gods.Some of the special effects seemed fake . Like when he is down in Haydes . But some of the effects seemed real . Like when is sailing and talking to the waves.The costumes looked like they fit the settings . It made them look like they fit in very well . The setting was good . Since it was back in the older days it must have been hard to set up the sets and the costumes must have been hard to sew . They did a good job at making the sets and costumes.They had a good soundtrack for the movie . You can tell when the scary parts are coming , but that is n't a bad thing.So the movie was pretty good all together .
 This story takes place in many different places . It tells a story about King Odysseus 's Journy . He was sent out for the Trojan war . The Tojan war lasted for 10years . On Odysseus 's way home he went though many adventures.Mean while , Back in Ithica Penelope and Telemacus were busy trying to get rid of the sutors . The sutors were trying to influence Queen Penelope to marry one of them . They were eating King Odysseus 's food and trashing his house . While Odysseus was on his long journy with his men they came to an island were they found the cyclops . The cyclops has captured Odysseus and his men . But of course King Odysseus thought of a brilliant plan to get free . He was also kept held by circe and cylica . Which was also a big adventure for Odysseus and his men . Odysseus-played by Armand Assante-the actor did a very good job of playing this caracter . Odysseus-is a very brave man and very strong . He is also the King of Ithica Penelope-played by Greta Scacchi-she did a very well jop of playing penelpe . Penelope-the wife of Odysseus is very loyal and hopeful also mentally strong . Athena-played by Isabella Rosselini-she did an exellant job of playing Athena-Athena - is a goddess who protects King Odysseus and hi family . She is very wise . Calypso-blayed by Vanessa Williams-Calypso-a goddess who was very tempting and beautiful . Circe-played by Bernadette Peters-very well actress-Circe-a beautiful goddess who captured Odyssues 's men and turned them into animals . The action was very exciting . The actors and actresses did a good job of acting the thrill and excitment parts of the movie . The film was very amusing . It really got me interested . The acting was excellant ! It really looked and sounded like it could have been the real thing . The special effects were AMAZING !!! They looked real . The costums and settings were very real . The costums and settings were very real . The movies sound track was good also . The sound effects sounded real . The visual impact was AMAZING !!! The visual impact in which I found the best was when Scylla was eating the men of the ship . They make it look so real .
 Armand Assante playes odysseus in a wonderful action packed drama.Odysseus is a trojan war hero who is trying to get home to Ithaca.As odysseus is trying to get home to his loving wife penelope played by Greta Scacchin and his son telemacous . He endours a great journy.With Athena played by Isabella Rosselini By his side as he encounters calyspo plaled by Vanessa williams , Circe played by Bernnadette peters and other monstares as he travles home from Troy where he fought in the trojan war to Ithaca his home land.I thought the special effects were awsome . The costumes were realistic . The setting and music were beliving.I think the Odyssey is a wonderful film for all ages and types of people .
 I was happily suprised when I saw this because usually I do not enjoy Network Television mini-series , however this is one exception to the rule . Armand Assante does a great job portraying the Ancient Greek Hero Odysseus and Greta Scacci as his faithful wife . The special effects are outstanding and blend into the story well especially when Odysseus travels down into Hades to speak with his mother . Vanessa Williams , Bernadette Williams and other guest stars add to the story and make the plot richer . This is highly recommended to all who enjoy The Odyssey and a good adventure as well .
 When was the last time you saw a good movie ? The last time I saw a good movie was when I viewed the Odyssey . Following the original epic by Homer , Andrei Kanchalovsky 's translation was excellent and hypnotizing . The movie started out on the rocks , trying to depic the entire Trojan War in about thirty minuites . There was much backround to tell . It climbed those rocks as the movie continued and got better and better . The movie had great actors , grotesque monsters , powerful gods , and realistic scenery.Along with the wonderful role playing by the actors , the special effects were awesome . The Cyclops looked Disgustling real and had me wondering if they really exist . Running right along Cyclops for most creative costume , was Poseidon , god of the sea . The concept of him appearing on every wave is briiliant and showed how powerful he was thought to be . The scenes in Odysseus ' house were also well done . It showed what homes were like , dining manners or lack of , and strange courting coustoms of that time.The movie sparks interest to read the book if someone has not . For those who read it , it would probably clear up any questions because it does depict customs we are not familiar with . It gets a five star rating in my book !
 &Ograve;The Odessey&Oacute;The movie Odyssey is a great movie . It is based on the epic poem &Ograve;The Odyssey&Oacute; by Homer . I really enjoyed this movie a whole lot . The special effects in the movie made the movie really exciting . The scene of the underworld had many exciting special effects in it . I thought this scene was very good because of all the fire and the people of the underworld who looked like fire.One of my favorite characters was Odessess played by &Ograve;Armand Assante.&Oacute; Odessess is the main character in the &Ograve;Odyssey&Oacute; who went through many turbulent struggles on his journey home . Another one of my favorite characters is Athena played by &Ograve;Isabella Rossellini.&Oacute; She is the goddesses of love who is on the sail of Odessess ship . These are just two of the great characters in the &Ograve;Odyssey.&Oacute;The &Ograve;Odyssey&Oacute; is a very exciting movie but also teaches you many things . In the movie the people wore tunics which was the same thing that was worn by real people of that time . I also learned what type of weapons that the people used in the Trojan War . I really enjoyed the movie &Ograve;The Odyssey&Oacute; a whole lot .
 I enjoyed this movie fully . It was both educaational and fun to watch . My fayorite part in the movie was when Odysseus and his son got back at the men who had stayed at there house while Odysseus wasgone away . Something really weird that they did was that they sacraficed goats a lot.Odyssyeus and his men were gone for a long period of time while they were fighting in the Trojan War . Odysseus and his men built a large wooden horse , hid in it , gave it to the Trojans , and attacked them after they went to sleep . That is how they beat the Trojans and won the war . After they won they started sailing back to Ethica , but they lost there way and they ended up on some on some island . The women on the island would not set Odysseus go home , but finally they let him go . Some of the ocupations were herder , sailor , worrier , ship builder , and fisher . One of the crops were olives , and another ocupation was pressing olives . They used goats , and they mostly used them for there milk . The Odyssey was a very good movie , and I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes good action movies .
 The movie The Odyssey is based on the epic book The Odyssey that was written by Homer who was a blind author . This movie tells of a man named Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- who was married to Penelope -LRB- Greta Sacchi -RRB- who left to go fight in the Trojan War the day his son Telemachus -LRB- Alan Stenson -RRB- was born . After they defeated Troy in the war he told the gods that he defeated Troy without their help . This angered the god Poseidon and he put a spell on Odysseus that he will never return to Ithaca . When Odysseus and his men embarked on their voyage back home to Ithaca . The first place they stopped was the Cyclops ' island to gather some food . They found the Cyclops ' cave and ate his food . When the Cyclopes came back he asked them what they are doing in his cave . They gave him some wine as a gift . The Cyclops asked what Odysseus name was but Odysseus said that his name was nobody . When the Cyclops was asleep they made a sharp wooden stick and they poked the Cyclops in his eye . The Cyclops screamed to his brothers that &Ograve;nobody has stabbed me in my eye&Oacute; so his brothers did not come and help him because they think he poked himself in his eye . Odysseus and his men escaped but some were not so fortunate to escape . Next they stopped at the island were the god of the wind was named Aeolus -LRB- Michael J. Pollard -RRB- . Aeolus gave Odysseus a bag of wind and told him not to open it . When he was back on the ship his men were curious about what was in the bag . When he went to sleep they opened the bag and it blew the ship to Circes island . Circe turned Odysseuss men into animals . Odysseus went to sleep with her so she can turn his men that were animals back into men . When they left her island they went to the blind prophet in the underworld and he told him the way home . They had to go through a cave to get back to Ithaca . Before they got to Ithaca they went into a whirlpool that killed everybody except Odysseus . Odysseus got back to Ithaca after he stayed at Calypso -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- island for five years . The only people that recognized him was his son and a shepherd . Athena then turned Odysseus into a old man so no one knew who he was except his son . When he got to his castle they had a contest . Whoever strung Odysseuss bow and made the arrow through twelve axes would marry Penelope . Odysseus did and killed everyone who invaded his palace . He joined Penelope and had a happy life.The style of clothing they had in Ithaca was called a tunic . Only the wealthy people would have dyed tunics . The average person wore a white tunic . The main crop in Ithaca was olives which took a lot of olives to make a little bit of olive juice . Back then when someone goes to another persons island they bring gifts . The people of Ithaca and other islands believed in gods . They gave sacrifices to the gods so they will help them in the future . Greece was a rugged land that was in Europe . The different types of occupations in Ithaca were herders who handled sheep , ship builders , and fishers . This was a very good movie and I hope you will enjoy it too .
 The OdysseyOdysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- had a baby boy on the day he had to go fight in the Trojan War . Poseidon -LRB- Miles Anderson -RRB- the god of the sea gives him and his people a hard time the whole journey . The Trojan war lasted 10 years . Odysseus and his people built a huge horse and the Trojans took the horse . While the Trojans were sleeping Odysseus and his people got out of the horse and killed the Trojans . Odysseus and his people headed home . He came to an island with Cyclops -LRB- Reid Asato -RRB- on it . They killed the Cyclops . They were off again . Odysseus met the god of wind Aeolus -LRB- Michael Pollard . -RRB- He gave Odysseus a bag of wind and told him &Ograve; not to open it until he got on Athens.&Oacute; Someone opened and it blew them off track . It blew them where Circe lived . She changed the men into animals . They were there 5 years . Odysseus went to the under world . The Scylla ate some of his men . The Charybdis ate his boat . He went to an island with Calypso -LRB- Venessa Williams . -RRB- He was there 5 years . Hermes -LRB- Freedy Douglas -RRB- told her she had to let him go or her island would be push to the bottom of the sea . He came to Phoenician Island . He made it home safely . His family was very happy . The people in this movie did many different things than we do today . They wore different types of clothes . They ate with their hands . The women cover their face when the come out of their homes . I enjoyed this movie .
 Joseph Whitlow 1-2-01The movie I saw was the odyssey . I liked this movie I thought it was pretty good . My favorite person in this movie was Odysseus because he was the most interesting . Odysseus left his family to go fight the trojan war . They got in a horse in went into the trojan home . And when they came out of the horse they beat the trojans . After they left there he had a very hard life . They met the cyclops and they were very scared of the man and to get out of the cave they had to blind him . And then he went on a island for five years . Than he left the island because circe sade to go to the under world to hades . He went to hades and gave him a sacerfise and hades told him how to get home from there . Meanwhile penelope and her son are waiting for Odysseus come back . After he left the under world he went to fight scylla and scylla killed his whole crew . After that he floated to this little island . Their was alot of wemen on this island and they never saw a man before in their life . And the calypso kept the man on the island . After this he got a crew to make him a boat and he went home . The kind of clothes they wore was wool and leather . There main crop was olives and they had very bad land back than . And that is it I give this movie 2 thumbs up . Odyssus would bring a goat for a present to a god .
 When my Social Studies teacher said we would watch the Odyssey , I thought it was going to be boring . Boy , was I wrong ! Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- , king of Ithica , had to go to war against Troy . The same day , his wife , Penelope -LRB- Greta Scacchi -RRB- , had also given birth to his first son . The Trojan War lasted about 10 years , until Odysseus came up with the idea for the Trojan Horse . This clever idea won the battle for the Greeks . Odysseus , though , thought he won without the help of the Gods . Poseidon -LRB- Miles Anderson -RRB- , the god of the sea , was angered greatly by this . He told Odysseus that he would never get home . Odysseus and his crew would spend the next twenty years trying to get home . On the way , Odysseus met many people and creatures such as Calypso -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- , the Cyclops -LRB- Reid Asato -RRB- , Circe -LRB- Bernadette Peters -RRB- , and Aeolus -LRB- Michael J. Pollard -RRB- , God of the Winds . The ships and clothes were extremely authentic and the special effects were great . The movie was A LOT like the story , which rarely happens with movies . Homer , the blind Greek poet that made this story , would have been proud . I liked this movie and thought it was very good . I also learned a lot about the Greeks , such as their behavior , clothes , names , and the way everything looked back then . I would recommend this movie to anyone .
 I have watched the Odyssey and thought it was a great movie . I will tell you a little about it . First Lord Odysseus goes out and fights the Trojan War and he won after won 10 years . He won because he built the Trojan horse to take in the kingdom and then they would get out of it and kill everyone . After that they get on their boat and sail for days . Now remember it is foggy and they lossdirections . They see land and go to it . Well , they find out that it is Cyclops Island . They get off that Island and then go to the God Wind 's Island -LRB- Michael J. Pollard playing as Aeolus -RRB- . He -LRB- the God of Wind -RRB- gave Odysseus a bag of wind to help sail home . They get near their island but , someone opends the bag and a storm appears and again they get blown off coruse . Now , their on the Goddess Island , The Witch -LRB- Calypso -RRB- . They do n't know their on her Island . Some people went looking for food and the witch turned them into animals . Only one animal comes back . Now Odysseus climbs up the mountain but before he gets to the top of the mountain the messanger God -LRB- Hermes -RRB- tells him to eat the grass that he is getting ready to give him , so when he drinks the witches honey he wo n't turn into an animal . After that the witch will take him to bed.When he wants to leave the witch tells him that it felt like 5 days to you but its really been 5 years . So now he has been away from his Island 15 years.At the end he does get home and kills the men that were going to see which one was going to marry his wife . Everything they used back then they used in the movie . It seemed like I was there in Greece when the movie was playing . The food and how they got olive oil was just like they did it a long time ago . The best part I thought was how the gods look so real . The gods were sometimes mean or nice depending on who you are or if you did something bad . You counld n't grow much crops back then .
 The Odyssey By , TheresaThis movie , The Odyssey was n't what I call great but it was okay . Odysseus was the main character and he was the king of Ithica . His wife was Penelope . They had a son named Telemachus . Odysseus had to fight in the Trojan War . Of course Ithica won but the only reason why is because they came up with the idea of the Trojan Horse . Poseidon had got mad at Odysseus and put a curse on him . Odysseus had many great adventures . One was that he went to a island ruled by Circe . Circe put a spell on some of his men that made them turn into animals . Before that they found their selves on an island of the Cyclops . A couple of men were killed but they escaped . Back to Circe , she put a spell on the men and Odysseus went to her home . Before he got to her home the god 's messenger , Hermes gave a special poison to Odysseus so he could with stand her spell . She tricked them by making five years seem like five days . He met two creatures , the Silla and the Ceripdus . He lost his men as well as his boat . He found his self at Calypso 's island for about a year or so . Hermes told Calypso that if she does n't let him go she would have to deal with Zeus . When she let him go he found his way home with the help of Poseidon . Overall , this is one of the most goriest movies I 've seen . My favorite character is Circe because she has the power to change people into animals .
 The movie the Odessey was a very very good movie . It was very well writen and acted out . I saw this movie during my History class at school . The actors did and axcellent job in acting out this movie . They made me feel like I was in the movie with them the whole time . My favorite god was Aeolus . He was very funny . Odysseus was played by Armand Assante . He was a very good actor . My favorite part in the whole movie is when Odysseus and Teemachus kill all of the kings that had come to marry Odysseus ' wife , Penelope . The only thing wrong with the whole movie was the sexual content . There was no nudity but there were a few love seens . The special effects are awesome . But there are a few boring parts when the people were talking .
 I would definitely purchase from this seller again . I received an email within 24 hours letting me know that my purchase was being mailed and I received my purchase within 48 hours .
 I always teach a mythology unit to my students . I have taught Greek Mythology to 6th , 7th , and 8th graders and it always starts out a spider web of names and places until I show this movie . The director follows Homer 's story so well -LRB- though some things are left out , but otherwise it would be a 5 hour film ! -RRB- and sucks in the students immediately . There are never any side conversations during the movie as they gasp and scream their way through the entire film being scared by monsters and fascinated by heroic actions . My students are thoroughly entranced as characters and places come alive on the screen . I would definitely recommend this film to any teacher who goes through The Odyssey and/or the Illiad as it starts with a great portrayal of The Trojan Horse and the end of the war . It 's so hard to find a film that really captures a novel or epic story that is showable in a classroom , but this one really nails it !
 The movie is very close to the epic and keeps the interest of my students . The movie is entertaining as well as educational .
 My students loved reading the books we were able to cover this year but the film did n't arrive in time to show it before end of semester so I was bummed about that -- will use next year though .
 I bought this DVD for my class to watch . We read the Odyssey in class and this movie really helps clarify some of the scenes . It is a little long so we do not watch the whole movie but we watch the important parts .
 This is an action-packed film that really makes Homer 's epic come alive to adolescents of the 21st century . My students have enjoyed this adaptation over the years after we finish the poem in class.It is excellent to show before testing students on their comprehension of the literature .
 I really like this version ; especially since there is really very few versions of this work of literature .
 Love this movie ! Showed it at school after we studied THE ODYSSEY . The students all thought this was a great movie .
 I needed this in a timely manner to replace the department video that had been misplaced . I ordered it the day before Thanksgiving , and it was shipped out to me the Friday after . It arrived in good condition in plenty of time for me to review before using it in the class room .
 Great movie about a man and his struggle with his God and his home .
 This movie was just so much fun to watch . It was originally made for TV , so when you watch it without commercials you 're able to get the full effect of the story without interruptions . This is based on the story The Odyssey by Homer and it follows the story fairly well . Some of the adventures are left out , and some are unfortunate to be so , but the main part of the story of there so you do n't feel they just did what they wanted with it.The acting is very good for a TV movies , as are the special effects . They 're not cheap looking which is something TV movies have a problem with sometimes . The costumes are good and the sets are too . You feel like you 're with him traveling around the Mediterranean trying to find home.The ending felt a little rushed to me though . I felt they could have spent a bit more time on that .
 Before I saw this movie , my expectation were low , but after seeing it , I was surprisingly pleased . Although the actor who played `` odysseyus '' definetly could have done a beter job , the rest of the film was pretty enjoyable . Who ever directed it was clearly familiar with the poem , and also knew how to make a long , and many times frusterating , story really easy to watch and understand . It 's good for all ages , and all different occasions . For example it 's perfect for school use , as well as just regular enjoyment on a friday night with the family.I reccomend this to teachers , and andybody else who enjoys history , and a good film
 This is an excellent video to accompany the study of THE ODYSSEY for a Ninth Grade English class . Start with a preparation/study guide to include a map of this area before you show the movie . This movie is easy to watch , though long , but does keep the students attention.Finally , most English literature books do not cover all of the voyages of Ulysses so make sure that you preview this movie first to relate it to your textbook . All of my students , both boys and girls , have enjoyed this version of Homer 's epic poem .
 There is a definite `` Hollywood '' flavor to Homer 's classic , but The Odyssey comprises much of the story and , yet , keeps the viewer engaged with visual special effects . Approximately 3 hours in length , this film embodies the main aspects of Homer 's story without getting too detailed . Perhaps many people did n't care much for this film because it is not completely accurate to the story . It seems to me that many of the parts that were altered were minor in nature and , in general , did n't affect the overall quality of the film . The producers of The Odyssey seemed to be wary of accuracy when it came to telling the major points of the story.The casting was great . Armand Assante does a good job of portraying the hero , Odysseus . He seems to capture the leadership qualities intended to the journey back to Ithaca . Bernadette Peters is cast as Circe , Vanessa Williams is Calypso , and Isabella Rossellini plays Athena , the goddess of Wisdom , and Greta Scacchi plays Penelope , Odysseus ' wife.What makes this particularly a wonderful movie is that it serves two purposes . It teaches the main points of The Odyssey to those who are not familiar with it , and it is a modern adaptation that can be appreciated by the `` reluctant '' viewers of classics . Encompassed within the film are many of the adventures that Odysseus experiences in Homer 's epic poem
 Armande Assante is ... Odysseus ! The Trojan war is over . Odysseus and his menare preparing to sail home to Ithaca . The war in Troy has gone on for 10 years , and now it is time for Odysseus , king of Ithaca , to go home.But , thanks to his big mouth , before he leaves he upsets the god Poseidon . Mistake ? A big one . Not only are the gods the most powerful creatures on Earth , but Poseidon is the god of the sea ... and Odysseus has to sail home . During the next 20 years , he has a great big adventure , mixed with people that want to kill him , people that want to help him along , and some monsters that want to eat him.This movie is not just a fantasy adventure , it 's history ! The ancient greek poet Homer wrote the Iliad and the Odyssey . The Iliad was the story that came before the Odyssey -LRB- check it out ! -RRB- . This poet livedlived in the time period in which he wrote , so he had plenty of culture in the Odyssey . We can learn alot about history this way , because the people in the movie do the same things that the ancient greeks did . The same food , customs , clothes , etc. . In the Odyssey they use goats alot , just like in ancient greece . They used the for clothing , food , and sacrifice . Aside from all this , the special effects were good and so were the actors . Overall , I would give this movie 5 stars-it was great !
 I ca n't believe that in this day and age a DVD would be released without closed captionaing available . I picked this up for a class , and I have a deaf student who needs captioning . This really was an inconvenience and I could not show it since they could n't be bothered to put captioning on the DVD .
 This was an EXCELLENT movie , enjoyed it tremendously . But now that I try to find the DVD , nobody has it for less than some rediculous Marketplace price of $ 50 or more -LRB- one seller has it for $ 175 ! -RRB- . Amazon had it for $ 12.99 but that was before I realized it was going to be so hard to find , should 've bought it when I had the chance ... Is this movie out of print ? If so , WHY ??? - kd5 -
 I thought it was an all out good movie , it was full of adventure and thrills . some scenes where good some where not . I liked the Cyclops i think that was the best part . also the crazy lady when the mother killed herself that was funny as hell.See it once but probly not wan na see it again .
 `` Mr. Noteboom '' ?? Are we supposed to take that name seriously ? Anyway , please disregard the negative reviews you may have seen elsewhere at Amazon . This movie really is one of the top two or three mini-series/TV movies I 've ever seen , the others being `` Gulliver 's Travels '' , `` Merlin '' and , while I could n't follow the plot to save me , the art direction for `` The Magic Legend of the Leprechauns '' was unlike ANYTHING you 've ever seen ! I hate to admit it . but NBC was really on a roll back then ! However , they were overreaching by the time `` The 10th Kingdom '' came out.This is the classic story of Odysseus/Ulysses and his trip back from the Trojan War that is delayed for 20 years by his own hubris and the incompetency and mischief of his sailing crew . Armand Assante parlays this role well , and as far as I 'm concerned , is the most `` Italian '' Italian-American actor I 've seen in my years of watching TV and movies . His way works for ancient Greeks too , as the accent he uses , borrowed from his own background , makes you feel as if you are indeed watching the adventures of an ancient Mediterranean soldier and his men returning to their home in Ithaca.The producers of this well-directed and produced gem help also , by assembling some of the best art directors , actors and locales for this gift from Newton Minnow-land that they could get . One of the great little cameos in this movie is the one made by Michael J. Pollard as Aeolus , God of the Wind . He plays the part like an impish leprechaun who wants to teach his bullying brother Poseidon a lesson by helping Odysseus , who is in the mess he 's in because he initially OFFENDED Poseidon with his boast that he did n't need the gods to do what he did in winning the battle in Ilium . The upshot of Aeolus ' help ?
 As a part of teaching 7th graders ancient Greek history every spring , I have the privilege of introducing to them Homer 's `` Iliad '' and `` Odyssey '' . They think they know what real adventure is till they learn about Odysseus ' grand voyage home from the Trojan War . And then -- when we watch this movie , the students have a much greater appreciation not only for real adventure , but real literature!Filmed on location around the Mediterranean , the film captures the perilous journey of Odysseus back to Ithica and his beloved Penelope . The glaring weakness of the script is attempting to condense the Trojan War into a half-hour . Nevertheless , Achilles ' slaughter of Hector is awesome , and after all -- the film is n't titled ` The Iliad ' . While the 7th graders enjoy the mysterious Aeolus -LRB- and his bag of winds -RRB- , and less so Vanessa Williams ' seductive Calypso -LRB- which gets a bit ` steamy ' -RRB- , there is simply nothing to compare to two scenes . First , the Scylla and Charybdis , which evoke all the surprise , blood , and special effects which today 's teenager expects -LRB- without overdoing any of the three -RRB- , and second , the concluding sequence where Odysseus is revealed to the wicked suitors who have '' ... stolen -LRB- his -RRB- world '' , and violated the most sacred of ancient Greek customs -- hospitality . The bloodletting here is intense , but Homer would certainly have applauded the interpretation presented.Not all of Odysseus ' ten adventures are included in the film . For example , we do not see the lotus-eaters , the slaughter of the cattle of Helius , the rescue by the sea nymph Ino , etc. . But what we do see is wonderful ! One will never forget the belching and monstrous cyclops who -LRB- again -RRB- pictures for us the unavoidable punishment Greeks felt was certain to befall the inhospitable ! Also missing is the death of Odysseus ' faithful dog Argos upon beholding his master 's return.Finally , also missing is what would have been a great visual scene -- Odysseus bound to the mast of his ship as he experienced the wonder of the deadly sirens ' call -- and lived to tell about it ! I also found it just a bit disconcerting that although we see King Menelaus of Sparta , we see nothing of his wife Helen whose beautiful ` face launched a thousand ships ' and started the whole darn Trojan War in the first place . And where is Paris ... ? -LRB- Oh yes , I forgot again -- this is `` The Odyssey '' ! -RRB- For me , the highlight is Odysseus ' trip to the underworld to seek the blind prophet 's direction on how to get back home . Though combining two of four rivers of the underworld into one -LRB- the Styx , and the Phlegethon -- river of fire -RRB- , the sequence loses none of the magical mystery of the Greek conception of the afterlife . Even included is the haunting meeting of Odysseus and his mother who committed suicide , in believing her son would never come home.Bernadette Peters ' Circe sequence is as humerous as it is clever , and watching Odysseus ' men turn back into men from animals is memorable . Nevertheless , character development is often sacrificed at the expense of trying to cover the many adventures , but I guess one ca n't have it both ways!The special effects are great -- especially the face of Poseidon in the waves as he strives to punish Odysseus for blinding his son -LRB- the cyclops -RRB- , and -LRB- as one of my students pointed out -RRB- in reality , ends up making our hero a better man , by crushing his hubris , and teaching him the ultimate Greek lesson
 The Odyssey by : Travis HarrowThis is a great movie . I enjoyed the action of the movie . This movie was also very educational . This movie is a great source of learning because it is interesting and will have you on the edge of your seat the whole time . The movie starts off with Odysseus and his wife having a child . Odysseus had to go off to fight in the Trojan war that lasted ten years . Odysseus won the Trojan war and had to make it back to Ithica were his kingdom is being taken over by strangers . On Odysseus journey back to Ithica he encounters many obstacles . The first obstacle is the god Poseidon . He makes Poseidon mad and Poseidon would not let him go back home to Ithica . Odysseus meets one god named Aeolus on his way who is the god of the wind . Aeolus puts all the bad winds in a bag and he gives them a wind to take them home . The curious crewman opens the bag and knocks them off track . Odysseus meets many more gods and things like Cyclops and the three headed monster . Odysseus finally makes it back to Ithica . This has been eighteen years and Odysseus and his son Telemichus take the palace back and Odysseus and his palace live happily ever after .
 There is a striking scene in this film where Odysseus , washed up upon an anonymous shore , stumbles upon a tent and tastes the local bread , cheese and wine -- and from the tastes of these three things he realizes that he is home on Ithaca after all those many years . After five years that scene is still burned into my memory .
 First , this is an adaptation on The Odyssey . As the director said in the featurette , he omitted a lot of the direct philosophical discussion that is in the poem itself and focused more on the action and story line.Personally , I 'm glad he did . This is a very enjoyable movie and throughout the movie you 're just waiting to see Odysseus return home . And with every setback he faces , you keep thinking he 'll get it the next time . Only to see it happen again!The acting is pretty good overall . There are some notable lapses of skill by a few cameo people like Bernadette Peters , though . But thankfully it is a very small segment . This DVD is n't really for young children . Too much violence . Especially at the end.Not many extras on the DVD , but the story 's the real thing , eh ?
 Although it did not exactly follow Homer 's epic , I think the movie was good , interesting , and fundamentally accurate . The whole idea of Homer 's epic is how a mortal man was able to think his way through situations . I think that the movie portrayed this well . Another important element in Homer 's epic is the commitment of Odysseus and his wife , Penelope , toward each other . Although it could have been protrayed better , I think this romantic theme is evident throughout the movie . As a historical account of Homer 's tale , it could be improved . As a movie , I think it 's great !
 This movie is fabulous . Anyone who is a fan of greek mythology or the Roman era would love this movie.I can not get enough of Armande Asante and this movie portrays him in a way that would make any woman drool.Definitely a great buy . -LCB- ^_^ -RCB-
 I just loved this movie . Any movie with Armand Assante is always wonderful . Vanessa L. Williams very steamy and she 's so beautiful . I loved all the characters in this movie . It really captured my heart . I have watched it at least 5 times and just purchased it about two or three weeks ago . Loved it , Loved it , Loved it . Very sexy movie and a lot of class and love !!
 My review was about The Odyssey.I think that this movie is a good movie to watch and you might learnt something from this story . The Odyssey is about when he had a wife with his baby and he left on a journey after defeating Troy ! He met many monsters and many perils over many years ! I loved the action and special effects in this movie ! It was cool !
 This is a good production . It requires an uncynical viewing as Greek myths in general require a bit of imagination but if that 's what you are looking for , then you will enjoy this . There are quite a few different events in the story , so it is quite long but that is good as the adventure keeps on going . I liked the fact how the gods appear every now and then to the mortals they are playing their wee games with . If you are looking for the type of fantasy that you might have enjoyed as a kid , then you will find this very entertaining . I also like that although i have not read the odyssey . i feel the story given in this film is probably reasonably faithfull to the adventures told in that famous book.This production required a big budget and while not up to top shelf blockbuster standards of today , it does a very nice job of telling a very epic adventure .
 The Odyssey is a very good movie but I think some parts are a bit corny.I like the adventures Odysseus has.One of my favourite parts is the part at the end where Odysseus is an old man and he strings his bow and fires an arrow through 5 rings.Then Odysseus turns back into himself and becomes young.Odysseus becomes angry at all of the people who have come for his wifes hand in marriage so he and his son kills all of the intruders .
 The Odessey is a great movie and it is really cool . I think that the actors are great and the scenes are so realistic.Now i understand what the odyssey means . It means it is like a long journey through a mans life in ancient Greece . His name was Odiciouse.But over all it is very educational about the gods if you are doing a project on ancient greece.thankyou for making a good moviefrom Vad 7R .
 My name is Daniel Rabinowitz and I 'm from 7R . The movie The Odyssey is one of the best movies i have seen except that some of the parts are so fake.The best part was when the people went to this island and one man came as a pig and then when they almost ate him he turned into a person . I know that the movie is PG but there was so much blood and some bad things -LRB- you know -RRB- . The cyclop was realistically and the part when they stabbed him in the eye was digusting .
 I thought that the Odyssey was a very good movie.It was well put together , and had great acting.The effects of the movie were average.I especially enjoyed the scenes with the cyclops.Although its a very interesting movie I believe that it is too long , and the audience/viewers gets bored.In general I thought that it was a great movie that was educational , and was very succesful.By Josh 7R .
 In my English class , on the last weeks of school , our teacher said she wanted us to watch a movie that will be educating for years to come and pulled out The Odyssey . At first the whole class seemed dull by the ideal of the movie but from the beginning , we were stuck.The story has an amazing plot , and the actors are pretty good . Some of the special effects were kind of lame but that was n't the movies fault , it was their budget . This is really good for a TV miniseries.From the spooky lair of Syclla to the amazing Island of Ithaca , this movie really portrays the story well . It 's very enjoyable , and I 'm going to have to order the movie to keep !
 Pamukkale is the site used for Calypso 's island . It 's not actually an island , but thermal baths that deposit calcite . it looks really clean in the movie , but apparently is getting dirty from environmental pollution . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have read and re read all of the reviews for this film and I have to say my two cents . I have been studying Ancient Mythology -LRB- mostly Egyptain -RRB- for the past ten years . Yes , this film is NOT 100 % correct . What film is ? History is always open to interpertation . Anyone who does not understand this needs a new hobby . Anyhoo I loved it , Armand Assante was amazing in his role . The rest of the cast was great too . There was a veil of erotitisem throughout the film , which was interesting considering the film was n't outwardly graphic . Overall , the movie was wonderful . Do n't rent this film , buy it ! -LRB- you 'll want to watch it over and over ! -RRB-
 When you start with such good material , it 's hard to please everyone . Like `` The Lord of the Rings '' many reviewers are disappointed that the movie did n't match their own visions of a great book . -LRB- Notice how no one ever complains that `` Goldfinger '' or other Bond movies are significantly different from the Ian Fleming novels ? -RRB- Personally , I thought the re-telling to be convincing , I liked the way they kept the story moving -LRB- it IS trying to cover 20 years -RRB- and found the special effects `` good enough . '' My kids have worn out the VHS tape and I 'm buying a DVD because we enjoy the movie.Lastly , just a pet peeve for other reviewers who complained that Telemachus ' double spear throw defied physics ... HELLLO !!! last I checked , three headed monsters defied biology ! . . and that whole Hermes flying thing , totally bogus eh ? People . . this would be a FANTASY with GODS and GODDESSES , not the new BBC special `` Walking with Odysseus ! '' Sheesh !
 Considering that this is a TV Mini-Series I am impressed with the overall quality of this movie . The actors are terrific , especially Armand Assante as Odysseus and Greta Scacchi as his wife Penelope . The direction is swift and competent and the special effects are just that , special . I have been teaching The Odyssey for more than 10 years now and I 'm glad that someone finally made a film of the story that can show the more visual aspects and intimate scene within this great tale . The old film with Kirk Douglass was awful . I enjoyed this film and so do my students when I have time to show -LRB- it is very long -RRB- .
 what else should I say ? Well , it is just a wonderful , long adventure traveling through the ocean that has fantasy elements . When I say `` fantasy elements '' , I mean that the cyclops does not look very real , but a sea serpent does in this movie . I do n't exactly know if the story of it is so much of an epic that it has been handed down from generation after generation , but it is a pretty neat story of the certainly specific greek gods like the water god Poseidon and the goddess Calypso . They are just 2 examples who do n't have very big parts , and I 'm guessing it is not only them , but they all have SOME significance in the legend . It has to be some sort of a legend , otherwise , I would not care much for `` The Odyssey '' because it might not be at a big budget . Come to think of it , `` Creepshow '' could be a low budget horror film , but that 's another story . At least rent this to see what I mean . Believe me , it 's not as horrible as it is overally rated by other reviewers who probably do not have any respect for this movie 's story and the `` epic '' of it . I 'm quite interested .
 Armand Asanti does a wonderful job portraying Ulysses . He brings the character to life almost as if he were Ulysses . I have used this video in my Language Arts class but needed to edit several parts out that I felt students did not need to see . The movie did deviate from the story a little and several interesting chapters were omitted . All in all , well worth the purchase if you are a fan of Greek mythology or Armand Asanti .
 Excellent Action Movie At first when I heard about the movie I thought it was going to be a total `` guy movie . '' I was very wrong . Yes , it was gory and bloody but it was action packed . Everything was so realistic and very well put together ! My favorite characters were Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- and Hermes -LRB- Freddy Douglas -RRB- . I would definetly recommended this movie if you are looking for action . The monsters in the movie were very cool . They looked so realistic . The war was neat to watch and the journey they went on was very fun to watch because it was cool to see the enemies and what they would actually look like . If I were rating this movie between 1 and 10 , I would give it an 11 . Odysseus was really fun to watch because he was so brave and was ready for any obsticle . He won all the battles he fought and still lived to tell his amazing story . Odysseus was also persistant because for many years he was gone on his voyage and he never got to see his son nor his wife for such a long time . I would of gone crazy and killed myself . But Odysseus kept going . He would not give up . The Trojan War was also neat because you get to see the Trojan Horse . You get to see how they used it and what it looked like on the inside . That was interesting to see that . I truly would not of been interested in the movie if I did n't have to watch it . It was really neat .
 The Odyssey ... I thought that this was an excellent movie . The movie beganwith the main character Odysseus who had to go fight in the Trojan waron the same day that his son was being born . His sons name wasTelemecus . Odysseus and Telemecus were both brave people . They bothknew how to fight really well . After the war was over Odysseus wascursed by the God of the Sea Poseidon and Poseidon was going to givehim a horrible trip home . Along the way Odysseus and his men ran intoand met many different kinds of creatures . Some of the creatures werehelpful and some of them were very bad . There were many characters inthe story . My favorite character was Odysseus because he had the mostexciting part in the movie . The other characters that I liked wereTelemecus -LRB- Alan Stenson -RRB- and Calypso -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- . I reallyliked how they created the Underworld and how the fire was fallingfrom the ceiling onto the water . Near the end of the movie Odysseusreturned home and met up with Telemecus . A lot of men had come intothe palace because they were trying to become Penelope 's newhusband , because everyone thought Odysseus was dead . At the endOdysseus and Telemecus killed all of the men in the palace becausethey were very bad people . This was my favorite part of the movie . Ithought that they did a great job making this movie . The way thepeople dressed and acted looked a lot like they would actually dressand act back then . I really enjoyed this movie and I recommend it foreveryone to watch ...
 I saw this movie for first time having missed it when it first aired . I thought the special effects were amazing and my favorite sequence was the cyclops . The scene where the ship goes over the edge was very amazing , after that the story just seemed to grind to a halt . Much to long and boring after the first hour and a half . But well worth the rental if you like special effects .
 Well firstly , ignore all the reviews of one star that are a few pages down , they all appear to be of arrogant students -LRB- I 'm a student myself -RRB- ! Anyway , after reading the poem by Homer , I found the film to be a pretty damn good translation . Sure , there are some bits missed out -LRB- like the Cannibals , drug addicts , Ajax and others in the underworld -RRB- , but it does manage to squeeze in a helluva lot . The effects are pretty good considering this is a TV movie.And people who complain about the inclusion of the Trojan war ? Well how else would you explain the reason for Odyssus sailing home . It did add a new ... scene ... where he curses the gods , which is innaccurate , as in the book he angers Posiedon by bliding Polyphemus , then taunting him . And I would have preffered a bit more focus on his meeting with the Phoenecians , as that is practically half the book ! -LRB- so are Telemachus ' wanderings -RRB- But overall , a fantastic translation . Shame it couldnt make the big screen , with a huge budget . It would have been a box office smash
 Entertaining and they did n't add `` extra '' stuff , but a lot of details & characters are missing . I let my students watch selections from this film before reading The Odyssey . It was an effective motivation tool
 I first saw this movie last year in 7th grade when we were studying Greek mythology . The movie was pretty accurate , but that was n't what captured my classes ' attention . The movie itself was just wonderful ! The plot was great , the special affects were awesome , and the casting was excellent!One of my favorite parts was when Odysseus and his men were held hostage by Circe -LRB- but I 'm probably biased because I LOVE Bernadette Peters -RRB- . My class and I were either laughing or speechless during that scene.I reccommend this movie to anyone who loves Greek mythology or any of the actors in this film . It leaves you hanging on the edge of your seat and wanting to watch it again !
 Homer 's enchanting tale is brought to life in `` The Odyssey . `` I , a student , first saw this movie while studying Ancient Greece with my class . On the first day of Ancient Greece , my teacher popped the video in the VCR and made us take catagorized notes.Since it was our first day we had no idea about Greece 's history , gods and goddesses , heroes or political science.However , the Odyssey told my class and I a great deal about Greece.One of the reasons why I reccommend this movie , is your -LRB- or your child , for that matter -RRB- do n't know too much on Ancient Greece , you put the movie in the VCR , and 2 hours done with the credits rolling , you will know so much about Ancient Greece.It occured to me that in this movie The Odyssey about Odysseus leaving Ithaca for the Trojan war and fight the curse of Poseidon , underneath it all there is the political science and the goddesses and gods history and way of life and the scenery.Over all this is an amazing movie .
 I first watched this mini-series when I was 11 years old and I have loved it ever since . The series begins near the end of Homer 's The Iliad and then continues through Homer 's The Odyssey . I read The Odyssey and I have studied mythology for years . When watching a movie or mini-series , differences are expected . Given these considerations , the epic and the series are extremely similar . I do not believe the differences diminish the affect of the series in this case.I do not recommend this series if you expect Homer 's exact epic in cinematic form . However , if you like mythology , the references and the story of this epic will keep you enthralled . If you do not like mythology , you may be interested in the action of the series . Either way , I believe it is an excellent choice for entertainment and learning purposes . I hope you enjoy .
 The Odssey was written by Homer in 1300 B.C. . The movie starts out with Penelope birthing her son Telemachus . That same day Odysseus had to leave to fight in the Trojan war . While sailing Odysseus talked to the god Athena . She told him all of his men had some flaws , but Odysseus said that they where like brothers and he could not let them go . When they got to Troy now known as Turkey Odysseus fought with a great warrior called Achilles . They fought for them hard years and Odysseus thought of the Trojan horse . They sent it and said it was a gift for the Trojans because they gave up . So they brought it in side of their walls and after a night of wine and women the Trojans began to rest . Then the men came out of the horse and destroyed everything inside the walls . Then Odysseus said that he did it all without the god . That made Poseidon angry , so he told Odysseus that he would never make it home to Ithaca . I think this movie was a great way to learn about the gods and the Greeks . I also thought it was a great idea film it in Greece . My favorite charecter was Calypso because she was a lovely lady that had not seen a man in a hundred years . This movie also taught me that the Greeks believed in Polytheism which means they believed in many gods . Another thing I learned was they ate with their hands . Another thing I noticed was they brought gifts to everyone they visited . That is my movie review on the Odyssey , have a nice day.By
 When the Trojan War breaks , the King of Ithaca , Odysseus must help defend Greece . The same day , Penelope gave birth to their son , Telemachus . While sailing to the War , Odysseus meets his patron goddess , Athena . She warns him of his crew , telling him of all their flaws . But Odysseus does n't heed her warning . When Odysseus and his crew reach Troy , they fight . The men fought for ten years . The Greeks finally win when they build a giant wooden horse . The Trojans take the horse into the town and party . When all the Trojans are asleep , the Greeks slip out of their wooden steed and ruin Troy . The day , Odysseus yells to the Gods , saying that a mere mortal distroed Troy by himself . This is when the Odysseys really starts . The journey back to Ithaca starts out fine . But Posiden does n't want Odysseus to go home . The first event of the trip is Odysseus and his crew 's meeting with the one-eyed Cyclops . Odysseus , being the smart and sly king of Ithaca tell the Monster that his name is nobody . he then blinds the monster . he and his crew then said to an uninhabited island where they meet with the god of wind , Aeolus . He gives the crew a gift of wind . The crew then sails and meets Circe who turns the crew into animals based on their personality . They then travel to the underworld . When leaving the underworld , they meet Scylla , who kills half of the crew . The Odysseus found Clypso 's Island and stayed there for five years . Odysseus then returns home . Not only is the was the Odyssey a good movie , it was historically accurate . The movie shows occupations of the Greek people , the food they ate and the clothing that they wore . Everything was accurate , down to the smallest detail of sacrifices to their god . Men wore tunics and women wore dresses . Did you know that the Greeks at e goat cheese , drank water , and used olive oil to cook with ? Some of the occupations of the Greeks were farmers , leader , and council members .
 Casey DuVall , 8th grade , B3 , D2 Okay , you are standing in a movie rental store , and you have narrowed down your choices to two movies and you can only get one . In one hand you have The Odyssey , one of the two epics written by Greek poet Homer retold in a TV movie , and in the other hand Jackie Chan 's newest action-adventure . Part of you want to see Jackie lay the smack down on some international terrorists and the other half knows that The Odyssey will help you academically . You decide that your parents and teachers would be proud if you rented The Odyssey , so you decide that that is the movie you will rent . But , do n't you think that you are in store for one major snore fest , The Odyssey is a wild movie with off-the-hook special effects that will keep you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end . We start off in Ithaca , where the main character , Odysseus , has decided to head out with his Greek allies to fight in the Trojan War . Odysseus must leave to fight on the day of his son 's birth , and tells his wife Penelope that if he does not return by the time his son is a man , to remarry . On the way to Troy we meet all kinds of characters ! We meet all of Odysseus ' men , Achilles , and Hector . Achilles is a warrior that can only be harmed in his ankle tendon , and Hector is Troy 's general . The war wages on for 10 years , when finally , Odysseus comes up with a plan that will defeat Troy 's armies for sure . He plans to build a giant , hollow horse that the Trojan 's will wheel inside their gigantic walls , and after the party all night , Odysseus and his men will take over the city and win the war . The plan was going according to plan but a lone prophet believed that the Greeks were up to something , so Poseidon sent a sea serpent to dispose of the troublesome prophet . After the Greeks win the war , Odysseus states that he defeated the Trojan 's without anyone help . Poseidon grows very angry at Odysseus and says that he will never go home . After Odysseus and his men set out , Poseidon sends them to an island whose only inhabitant is the giant-one eyed Cyclops ! Just wait until you see how they escape , it is very exciting . Odysseus then goes to another island and meets Aesol , God of the wind and Poseidon 's cousin , who bottles up all the bad wind into a giant sack . He said that the good wind will carry them home in 9 days , but that would be to easy ! Ithaca is finally in sight when one of his men opens the sack and sends them across the globe to Circe , a mean witch who 's honey potion changes men into animals . She changes all his men into animals . The trick would have worked on Odysseus , but Hermes had given him a special , poisonous weed that protected him from her potion . He stays there and gets a royal treatment from Circe and her maids , but instead of staying there for 5 days , she stays there for 5 years ! Circe tells him he must go to the Underworld and ask the blind prophet Tiresias to find the way home . After he sacrifices a ram he also finds out that he will meet two monsters , the Scylla and Charybdis . After their encounter with the two beasts , Odysseus had lost all his men , and was staying afloat by a single piece of wood from his ship . He floats along the sea , desperately trying to swim towards land , and he does . There he meets Calypso , a goddess with witch like powers , and all her maids . She plans to marry him , but Hermes brings news to her that if she does not release him , Zeus will send her island to the bottom of the sea because it is not his fate to die on her island . He builds a make-shift raft and sets out in search of Ithaca . Poseidon then unleaches monstourus waves upon Odysseus that destroyed his boat . He tells Odysseus that men are nothing without gods , and until he understands that , he will never return to Ithaca . Meanwhile in Ithaca , many suitors from around the world came in search of Penelope 's hand in marriage . They tormented her servants , pilfered his food and drink , and demeaned Penelope herself . But , back to Odysseus , who after his fight with Poseidon , was washed on the shore of Phoenician . After they found out who the stranger was , they sent him to Ithaca , and while on the way , finally understand what Poseidon had said . At Ithaca , instead of making his precencs known instantly , he was transformed into an old beggar to discover who his friends were after all these years . When Penelope stated the challenge , the suitors thought that it was easy . They had to string Odysseus ' bow and shoot it through 12 axe handles . After everyone tried , and failed , the old man completed the task and transformed into his old self . Then Odysseus and his son , Telemachus , killed all his wife 's suitors in a gory battle . Then they all lived happily ever after .
 The movie `` Odyssey '' was very good . I did not want to stop it . Odysseus had a son on the same day that he was called to war . Before he left he told Penelope -LRB- his wife -RRB- that she should remarry when his son had grown a beard . He went and fought in the Trojan war for ten years and then he told the god Poisedon that he had won the war without the gods . So Poseidon curses him to roam the seas until he realizes that humans are nothing without gods . He then goes to the Island of the Cyclops but does not know that the Cyclops is there . He goes into a cave and he eats goat cheese which was common for the time . He also drinks wine and gets the Cyclops drunk . He stabs him in his one eye . Odysseus goes on to fight a witch but ends up taking her to bed . He stays with the witch for five years . He then goes to the underworld and finds the old prophet who tells him how to get to Ithaca his home . He sets out on the journey again when his ship is attacked by a three headed monster . Before he can catch his breath he is attacked by a tidal pool monster who eats the ship . Odysseus catches a branch but later falls and floats to and island with Calypso and her virgin nymphs . He stays there for two years and then goes to sea again . He sees Poisedon and tells him that he understands . Poisedon then lets him go to his home and kill all of the men who were staying there . He is soon reunited with his wife and they live happily ever after .
 In my social studies 8th grade class we watched a movie called the odyssey . The odyssey took came out in 1997 . In my opinion the movie was very good . It had a lot of detail to it . I was amazed at how the cast members dressed like the Greeks from back in the day . I enjoyed the part of Odysseus he was a well pro former , who you could tell was serious about his work . I also enjoyed the part of odysseus 's son Telemachrus . He knew his father was alive and was not going to give up on finding him , even if it meant looking for him , himself . The odyssey was written by Homer . Homer wove ancient tales of gods and heroes into parts of epic poetry like he did with the odyssey .
 Hi my name is Kymberly Nicholas and I think `` The Odyssey `` was a very interesting movie , Especially when Odysseus went on his long interesting journey . And on his journey he came to the 3 headed creature that ate three of his men . And the witch that turned one of his men into a pig . And if you are into things that has to deal with the ocean this is just the movie for you it has some very good and nice pictures for you in it . And the food they ate was things like goatchesse , goatmeat , and goat milk . They traded the gods for a goat because the land that they lived on was very rocky and water was everywhere and they could n't grow alot of crops . And everyday they would have something like a party when all them sit around and drink wine and watch the pretty girls dance . The type of clothes they wore , they wore these kilts and the queen had to wear something that covered half of her face . And Odysseus had been gone for 15 years and he told his wife if he was n't back by time his son was a man that she should remarry and that what she was going to do and the man that she was going to marry had to shoot a arrow through six of these little holes things and the only one that could do it was her husband . And Athena helped him to descise hiself and after he shot the arrow he came back to his old self . and the saddest part of the movie was when his mother killed herself .
 The Odyssey The Odyssey -LCB- cast by Andrei Konchalovsky -RCB- is a pretty good film to watch , but youve got ta pay close attention to it to really understand whats going on . It is mainly about a man naned &Ograve;Odysseus&Oacute; going on and completing something like a journey.He is fighting in the Trojan War . But in this journy he was trying to be stopped by the voices , and faces of Posiedon -LCB- Miles Anderson -RCB- But Odysseus was determined not to give in on his journey . Odysseus had to go to war on the day of his sons birth . So he had to leave his new-born son , and his wife &Ograve;Penelope&Oacute; -LCB- Greta Scacchi -RCB- . My favorite part in this movie was when Odysseus and his men had to stab Cyclops -LCB- Reid Asabo -RCB- to escape from his den . I also really liked the graphics , the music , and how everything looked real . And the way that they dressed was neat too . My favorite characters are ; Hermes -LCB- Freddy Douglas -RCB- because he helped Odysseus out alot during his journey . And Calypso -LCB- Vanessa Williams -RCB- because she was kind enough to take Odysseus in . And I really felt her pain when she had to see Odysseus leave , or better yet ask him to leave.This movie is full of action , and very interesting.Derryck Anderson
 Classic TV version of the Odyssey is hard to find . I found it here and paid what I thought was a fair price . Video is standard , service was fast and timely .
 I loved this movie/mini series . I 've watched it time and again . I 've always wondered about the soundtrack . . I just CAN NOT find it anywhere . -LRB- There is a link on amazon music . . waiting for the seller to respond if what he/she has is the real thing -RRB- If anyone knows where to get the soundtrack , pls do send me a mail.ThanksChet
 ARMOND IN JUST ONE OF HIS B-E-S-T PREFORMANCES IN THE MOVIES G-R-E-A-T ACTOR AND THIS IS A G-R-E-A-T MOVIE
 I purchased the movie for my 10th grade World History classes . We were studying Ancient Greece and I wanted to show them The Odyssey . My students really enjoyed watching it . One of my students was eager to see the way the movie ended .
 This video is great to use as a resource for teaching The Odyssey . The students find the video entertaining and helpful . However , the movie does not exactly follow the original Odyssey . Of course , the directors took some creative liberty on certain scenes . On the whole , the movie does a great job in giving students an account of the journey of Odysseus .
 I loved this movie ! The special effects were great and Armand Assante did a great job acting the part of Odysseus . My daughter even sat down and watched it with me , which does n't happen very often . However , I loved it as a movie , not necessarily as an adaptation of The Odyssey , which is one of my favorite books .
 The Odyssey was a thoroughly enjoyable film experience.It not only adhered faithfully to Homer 's epic poem , but it brought that work to life in the most amazing ways . The director 's attention to detail was awesome and the special effects were done flawlessly!My favorite performance was by Armand Assante as Odysseus . He gave a wonderful portrayal of a man who was , at first , arrogant , then defiant and , finally , humbled by the gods.The ending is glorious but you 'll just have to watch it yourself to find out what becomes of Homer 's hero .
 I used the DVD of The Odyssey in conjuction with the class study of ancient Greece . I liked the fact that the DVD made it easy to edit out parts , and the scenes are accessible to easily fit class time available . The representation of daily life in ancient Greece were accurate enough to give light to the subject , and since the movie was filmed in Greece the students and I were treated to authentic view of the country . I will certainly use this again ! -LRB- My computer DVD player hooked up to the lcd projector gave a wonderful , huge , clear picture . Great stuff ! -RRB-
 The OdysseyI think The Odyssey was an okay movie . There were a few parts that I did n't like . I think that Armand Assante played Odysseus very good . Odysseus was the ruler of Ithaca . Vanessa L. Williams was one of my favorite characters . She played Calypso very well . I felt sorry for her when Hermes played by Freddy Douglas forced her to let Odysseus free . Odysseus came across many creatures and gods . Most of the gods did not help Odysseus but one god did his name was Aeolus played by Michael J. Pollard . Aeolus was god of wind . Odysseus came across another god Circle played by Bernadette Peters . Circle was a witch . She got men to drink the Potion and it would turn them into animals . I think that the cast played there characters very good . They dressed like the people would in Ancient Greece . The women wore long flowing dresses . The men wore short tunics . The tunics were made from wool . They believed in many gods With there religion they would sacrifice goats for the gods . The movie was filmed in Greece so you would see what it looked like . There occupations were fishing , herding , warmer , sailors , and ship builders . One of the social lacks was to bring gifts for the person who was giving you food and shelter .
 The OdysseyThe Odyssey was a very interesting movie . It was also comical in many places . In this story Odysseus was the main character . He had to fight in the Trojan War.l After this he tried to go on his journey home . On this journey he ran into many troubled times . In Odysseus was played by Armand Assante . One of the funniest parts of the story to me was when he blinded the Cyclops . In this movie they dressed in a very unique way . It was just as if they were the real people . During that time if you were a visitor you must bring a gift . He had many task on his way journey home . He ran into some troubling females . One in which was name Circe -LRB- Bernadetta Peters -RRB- . When men went to see her if you drunk her wine you would turn into swine . But since a messenger came and warned him , and also gave him some grass to eat . Therefore he did n't turn into swine . He also ran into Calypso -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- , who kept him on her island for two years . That was the one most important hardest time that he faced with a women.By Seaunte
 This movie , The Odyssey , was a wonderful movie . The main character was Odysseus . He was played by Armand Assante . His wife was Penelope , played as Greta Scacchi . It started out in 1300 B.C. . The movie started out with his son , Telemachus , played as Alan Stenson . Then , Odysseus was sent out to fight in the Trojan War . The Greeks won . Before he left he told Penelope that she would have to promise him that if his son had grown a beard before he returned , then she must marry someone else . After ten years at the Trojan War , Odysseus and his men were headed back home to Ithica . Many different things happened to them on the way home . First of all , the God of the Wind , Aeolis , gives Odysseus bags of wind . A curious guy on the boat named Anticlus , played as William Houston , let out all the bad winds . The boat switched and headed another way . Hermes , the messenger god , told Odysseus and his men that the witch needed them . Hermes gave Odysseus leaves to eat to keep the curse away . Odysseus climbed the mountains to the castle of Circe . She turned Odysseus men to animals . She -LRB- Circe -RRB- fell in love with Odysseus . She made him sleep with her , and it ends up he stays there for five years . After that , they got into their boat , and rode it into the Underworld . He sees his mother in the Underworld . In the Underworld , he went to see the blind phrophet . The phrophet tells Odysseus that he will fo fight two bad creatures , the Silla and the Curiptus . They meet up with Silla -LRB- mythological creature -RRB- . It had several heads . It looked like a giant worm with heads and teeth . The Curiptus had a big mouth . The Curiptus shut its mouth and spewed water on everyone . Odysseus fell into the water . Back home , Penelope , was making a death shawl just in case Odysseus did n't come back . Her idea was to thread all day , and take it back out at night time . Then , it would be longer before he would have to choose another man to marry . Then , Odysseus ended up at some sort of place in the middle of the ocean . The lady , Calypso , played as Vanessa Williams . She kept him there for two more years , but then she was sad , because she had to let him go . He headed back home to Ithica . On the way , Odysseus met up with Poseidon , God of Sea . He -LRB- Poseidon -RRB- had been trying to teach Odysseus a lesson . Poseidon told him that if it was n't for gods or goddesses , then humans would n't be here . Back home , Penelope and Odysseus mother were sqeezing olives to make olive oil . Finally , Odysseus makes it back home to Ithica . A lady there turns him to look like an older guy . Only his son , Tiresias , could recognize him . The men waiting for Penelope 's hand in marriage were getting ready to find out who her next husband was . Odysseus sat back watching . The men had to shoot an arrow through twelve hoops . No one could do it except Odsseus . Then , all of a sudden Odysseus stepped u and shot the arrow through all twelve of the hoops . He turned back into his old self again . He killed all of those men . Odysseus and his family lived happily ever after . In this movie , my favorite character was Calypso played as Vanessa Williams . She played it really good . I felt sorry for her , because she had to let Odysseus go back home to Ithica .
 If you love Armand Assanti he 's awesome in this movie . The acting is wonderful and the special effects are very good . I also own it on VHS but just had to have it on DVD .
 I must admit that I do n't care for most TV `` Event '' miniseries of the classics , since most stray from the story and pad out the running time -LRB- especially in the second half -RRB- , but THE ODYSSEY happily is an exception . Beautiful location photography and a cast of exceptional actors led by the ever capable Armand Assante , tell the tale as it should be told with just the right amount of drama and spectacle.Fans of adventure and the classics will enjoy this and young children especially should watch and be encouraged to read more .
 In spite of lacking the Cattle of the Sun and the Sirens -LRB- I guess you ca n't have it all in one film , eh ? -RRB- , Konchalovsky and Coppola do an excellent job in this production , staying very close to the text , in most significant ways , and bestowing on all such scenes a rendition worthy of the bard 's timeless song . Although the plot follows a chronological order -LRB- including even a concise narrative-with-highlights condensation of the Trojan War -RRB- , rather than the in-medias-res order of the poem , the overall world of Homer 's classic hero is conveyed not only by the gorgeous Mediterranean film locations but also by the daily activities of the bronze-age Hellene , such as sacrifice to and commune with the gods , which play such an important part in the ethical world of the original , since as Homer 's classic notes , `` All men need the gods '' -LRB- 3.48 -RRB- , a statement which the film dramatically iterates when Odysseus most eagerly entreats the sea god Poseidon to help him `` understand . '' Also significant is how the film notes the sway which the gods hold over such pertinent issues herein as guest relations , which in the original , Odysseus makes known to the brutal Cyclops , saying , `` Respect the Gods ! ... strangers are sacred -- Zeus will avenge their rights ! '' -LRB- 9.269-71 -RRB- , to which the Cyclops responds , `` I 'd never spare you in fear of Zeus 's hatred '' -LRB- 9.277-78 -RRB- . Perhaps most important though is the relationship between Odysseus and Athena , the protectress , who never forsook Odysseus , as `` He followed in her footsteps -- man and Goddess '' -LRB- 2.406 -RRB- . The film adds grace to the belief that her divine favor was bestowed on this `` man of twists and turns , '' the archetypal epic adventurer who , through his loyalty , bravery and ingenuity , proves himself worthy of such divine intervention .
 I love this movie and might I say that Telemachus -LRB- alan Stenson -RRB- is incredibly gooooooooooooooood looking : - * gawd I love him ... even though that this is just about his only movie -LRB- or atleast the only one I have read about -RRB- I love him .
 As a part of teaching 7th graders ancient Greek history every spring , I have the privilege of introducing to them Homer 's `` Iliad '' and `` Odyssey '' . They think they know what real adventure is till they learn about Odysseus ' grand voyage home from the Trojan War . And then -- when we watch this movie , the students have a much greater appreciation not only for real adventure , but real literature!Filmed on location around the Mediterranean , the film captures the perilous journey of Odysseus back to Ithica and his beloved Penelope . The glaring weakness of the script is attempting to condense the Trojan War into a half-hour . Nevertheless , Achilles ' slaughter of Hector is awesome , and after all -- the film is n't titled ` The Iliad ' . While the 7th graders enjoy the mysterious Aeolus -LRB- and his bag of winds -RRB- , and less so Vanessa Williams ' seductive Calypso -LRB- which gets a bit ` steamy ' -RRB- , there is simply nothing to compare to two scenes . First , the Scylla and Charybdis , which evoke all the surprise , blood , and special effects which today 's teenager expects -LRB- without overdoing any of the three -RRB- , and second , the concluding sequence where Odysseus is revealed to the wicked suitors who have '' ... stolen -LRB- his -RRB- world '' , and violated the most sacred of ancient Greek customs -- hospitality . The bloodletting here is intense , but Homer would certainly have applauded the interpretation presented.Not all of Odysseus ' ten adventures are included in the film . For example , we do not see the lotus-eaters , the slaughter of the cattle of Helius , the rescue by the sea nymph Ino , etc. . But what we do see is wonderful ! One will never forget the belching and monstrous cyclops who -LRB- again -RRB- pictures for us the unavoidable punishment Greeks felt was certain to befall the inhospitable ! Also missing is the death of Odysseus ' faithful dog Argos upon beholding his master 's return.Finally , also missing is what would have been a great visual scene -- Odysseus bound to the mast of his ship as he experienced the wonder of the deadly sirens ' call -- and lived to tell about it ! I also found it just a bit disconcerting that although we see King Menelaus of Sparta , we see nothing of his wife Helen whose beautiful ` face launched a thousand ships ' and started the whole darn Trojan War in the first place . And where is Paris ... ? -LRB- Oh yes , I forgot again -- this is `` The Odyssey '' ! -RRB- For me , the highlight is Odysseus ' trip to the underworld to seek the blind prophet 's direction on how to get back home . Though combining two of four rivers of the underworld into one -LRB- the Styx , and the Phlegethon -- river of fire -RRB- , the sequence loses none of the magical mystery of the Greek conception of the afterlife . Even included is the haunting meeting of Odysseus and his mother who committed suicide , in believing her son would never come home.Bernadette Peters ' Circe sequence is as humerous as it is clever , and watching Odysseus ' men turn back into men from animals is memorable . Nevertheless , character development is often sacrificed at the expense of trying to cover the many adventures , but I guess one ca n't have it both ways!The special effects are great -- especially the face of Poseidon in the waves as he strives to punish Odysseus for blinding his son -LRB- the cyclops -RRB- , and -LRB- as one of my students pointed out -RRB- in reality , ends up making our hero a better man , by crushing his hubris , and teaching him the ultimate Greek lesson
 After watching this movie , I realized how tedious it would have been if the director had filmed feast after feast or all the details of the original story . He focused more on the adventures . Listening to 11 compact discs to hear the entire story is quite an odyssey itself , so if you do n't have a lot of time , the movie will save you a few hours.The recording is about 12.5 hours in comparison with 165 minutes for the movie . There are many differences between the movie and the recorded book version . For one , Odysseus ' son leaves to look for his father early in the original story and in the movie , he seems to leave much later . The movie focuses more on the suitors and sailors.The adventures of Odysseus are dramatic , exciting and interesting even to a contemporary audience . It is a story of a great warrior who is cursed by the gods and must wander the seas for years after the Trojan War.It is also a story of how a man wishes to return home to his faithful wife all while he is `` forced '' to enjoy the pleasures of the islands . Although goddesses of great beauty take care of him in the islands , he does not seem to really enjoy being away from home.Odysseus seems to have a girlfriend on every island and yet we forgive him and admire his wife . While he is enjoying the pleasures of the islands , his wife sits at home defending her very existence from a group of suitors bent on pursuing her to the end of time.When considering a critical analysis of this movie , I had to look at the `` acting '' and `` special effects . '' There is beautiful scenery in Turkey and of course you have ships at sea and goddesses and gods causing havoc with the humans . Some of the more complex scenes were filmed in Malta . This was where they had a huge tank set up for the sea adventures . What they did with the special effects is pretty impressive.The acting gets better as the story progresses . What you will notice is some `` overacting '' when the characters emphasis their emotions so strongly that the effect only causes you to laugh . Imagine a bunch of wrestlers hugging and crying . Yes , that funny . You should not be laughing when characters are crying , however , that is the effect because the overplaying of emotions becomes almost comical.Andrei Konchalovsky 's obviously had a vision for how he wanted the emotions to be played out onscreen although I think he dipped too far into extravagance and the viewer might consider it more insincere than tragic . However , if you consider how the individuals really might have acted , this is perhaps more true to ancient life . It is true that in the original Odyssey , men cry pitifully -LRB- passionate sobbing -RRB- and show their feminine side freely.I especially loved seeing all the gods and goddesses in the movie . I loved Isabella Rossellini as the `` clear eyed '' goddess Athena . She was definitely a highlight in this movie . It seems she is rather fond of Odysseus , the king of Ithaca -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- and with a twinkle in her eye , she sends him off to be brave . Her eyes are just amazingly beautiful in this movie . Some of the goddesses in this movie had dark hair and in the original they were `` fair-haired '' goddesses.There is a creative use of waves to display the anger of Poseidon when Odysseus does n't give the gods credit for his successes . He is cursed and must wander on the ocean until the end of time.Another highlight is the horse and ships . The Trojan Horse makes its appearance and is very well made , as are all the ships which were built in England . You will also be amazed by the special effects in Hades . As Odysseus descends into `` hell/Hades '' he is almost overwhelmed with the heat.Some of the most bloody scenes I 've ever seen occur in this movie , although they are not quite `` horror . '' Imagine bodies being gobbled up by hungry sea creature and blood splattering on a wooden deck or a Cyclops tearing a body apart to devour it . Because it happens during the daytime , the effect is not as intense.The scenes in Troy are also fairly violent . There is also a fairly long scene at the end where men are locked up in a room and systematically slaughtered . This is for revenge so seems to have a point.What I kept waiting for was a scene where Odysseus is bound to the ship 's mast as the sirens call to him and his men . This is a very short section in the original story , so they must have felt it was not as significant . However , it would have been spectacular on film.Recommended to those who love Greek Mythology or who want to have a visual reference in your mind when ready or listening to the translation of The Odyssey by Homer.If you are trying to decide if you like the Odyssey or the Iliad
 As a freshman English teacher , I am very greatful for this movie . I am also a huge fan of Homer 's epics , and this movie is very well done ! The transitions between what goes on at home and Ithaca and Odysseus ' travels are excellent.My and my students ' only complaint is some of the potentially interesting and tense stops on the journey are cut ; my kids complain that the Sirens are cut from this version . Also , I am a little dissappointed that his adventures are not in the same order as he encounters them , so I end up having to wait until after my students read the story to show the movie.It 's a very good story !
 THE ODYSSEY is based in the book THE ODYSSEY by Homer . It tells the exciting tale of Odysseus , the king of Ithaca , who , on the day of his son 's birth , was called to fight in the Trojan War . However , the movie is not about Odysseus fighting in the Trojan War . The real plot begins when Odysseus begins his journey home after the war . As the war ended , Odysseus happened to anger a very vengeful god named Poseidon , who is the god of the sea . Poseidon decided to make Odysseus ' journey home as miserable as possible . Now Odysseus must make it home to Ithaca while avoiding Poseidon 's wrath . During his long , hard journey , Odysseus and his crew encounter many strange creatures . Some creatures are friendly and try to help Odysseus and his men . Others are not friendly and try to destroy Odysseus and prevent him from reaching Ithaca . Here are some of the main characters
 I saw this movie in my social studies class . I thought it was going to be boring , I mean , we were in school , but it was great ! It was an excellent movie , great for learning and amusement . The scenes from the war were very gory , but seemed VERY realistic , I thought it was cool . If you didnt know , the Odyssey is based on the epic poem by Homer . It begins with a reference to the Iliad at the Trojan War , a ten year mythical war between Troy and Ithica , to give you background into the story . It 's mainly about Odysseus long journey home back to Ithaca to see his wife and son . Little does he know , that insulting the great god , Poseidon , will make his journey even longer and harder . The Odyssey also references many Greek gods . Gods played an important and unique role in everyday Greek life . Odysseus personal god was Athena . She helps him and his son with Odysseus journey home . The clothes in the movie were awesomely realistic . Original clothing of the Greeks were made out of linen . Ordinary people usually wore white clothes , but the wealthy would wear elaborate colorful robes . The movie also showed Odysseus crops and herds of sheep . They both played a vital role in their life . Sheep gave milk , food , and clothing . Olives , the main crop of Ithaca , made olive oil . You can see Penelope -LRB- Odysseus wife , played by Greta Scacchi -RRB- pressing them to make oil in the movie . These were the main sources of food for the people of Ithica , and they were very important in their lives . I thought that the director did a good job making everything in the movie look realistic . Mythology comes alive when you hear the roar of Posiedons voice , the wail of the Cyclops -LRB- Reid Asaita -RRB- as he is blinded by &Ograve;Nobody&Oacute; , and the flicker of the bright-gloomy flames of the under world . I thought the movie was excellent ! Enjoy it , youll love it !
 As a 9th grade English teacher who covers substantial portions of The Odyssey every semester in my classes , I always show this movie to my students . Even though some of the monsters are clearly the stuff of lower-budget Hollywood , the acting is noteworthy , and the coverage of the epic as a whole is well-executed . -LRB- Covering a story of this magnitude in two hours is no small feat . -RRB- Students who struggle with the language of the epic enjoy this visual representation , and it also makes for a good comparison/contrast to the epic , as many scenes are presented differently than they are in the text . For example , the movie moves chronologically , whereas much of the epic is told as flashback . Certain scenes -- such as the death of Odysseus 's men on Helios 's island and Penelope 's test of the bed at the end -- are omitted , while others -- such as the Lotus Eaters and the witch-goddess Circe -- are combined . Additionally , the movie portrays Odysseus much more positively and much less flawed than the epic . But all of this makes for excellent discussion with my students , and that 's what matters to me . Beyond educational purposes , the movie is fast-paced and enjoyable . Highly recommended .
 In my Classical Mythology class my students have an opportunity to write a paper comparing the recent theatrical film `` Troy '' to not only Homer 's `` Iliad '' , but all of the other classical sources regarding the story of the Trojan War . Students find plenty of differences between the ancient stories and the film and the same would be true if they were to look at the recent mini-series version of `` Helen of Troy '' or any of the old movies that dealt with the Trojan War . Students then have to evaluate the differences and similarities to render a judgment as to whether `` Troy '' is an appropriate adaptation of Homer and the others . You would think that a similar paper could be written regarding this television mini-series version of Homer 's epic poem `` The Odyssey , '' but it would not be worthwhile because this is the most faithful adaptation of Homer to date . Yes , to anyone familiar with the original text there are differences . For example , when Odysseus comes home his faithful dog does not drop dead and Penelope does not test him regarding the bed with the headboard made from a tree , but I always thought that last one was a bit much given everything he had just done to prove he was Odysseus come home at last.When it comes to Homer I maintain there are `` Odysseus '' people and there are `` Iliad '' people , and I am firmly ensconced in the latter camp . This is not only because I found the character of Achilles and his wrath to be more interesting , but also because what I thought was the best part of `` The Odyssey , '' the ten years of adventures that kept Odysseus lost , were the shortest part of the epic . But the teleplay by Christopher Solimine and director Andrei Konchalovsky -LRB- `` Tango and Cash '' -RRB- takes care of that concern as the visits by Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- to the islands of the Cyclops -LRB- Reid Asato -RRB- , Circe -LRB- Bernadette Peters -RRB- , Calypso -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- , and the rest assume a greater part of the narrative . Meanwhile , back at home Odysseus 's queen Penelop -LRB- Greta Sacchi -RRB- has to put up with all of the suitors who want to marry here and take the throne of Ithaca since they believe Odysseus to be dead , and their son Telemachus -LRB- Alan Stenson -RRB- goes off on a journey to prove his father is still alive.While Jim Henson 's creature shop creates the mythical monsters for Odysseus and his men to encounter , what is more important is that Assante 's character reeks of hubris . Not only does he stand on the shore thumping his chest and proclaiming he is greater than the gods for having brought down Troy through the stratagem of the Trojan Horse , he continues to thumb his nose at Poseidon even as things get worse and worse . The scene where I decided to round up on my ranking for this mini-series is when Odysseus is floating in he sea being buffeted by waves sent by Poseidon and the arrogance that has doomed him and his crew to ten years of wandering and death are beaten out of him . Odysseus was not a hero to the ancient Greeks , who considered him more of a pirate than anything else -LRB- remember , the first thing he does on the way home from Troy is to stop and raid a village -RRB- . His is wily Odysseus from start to finish , but Assante is given a character arc to play and he follows through with it . His love for his wife and his son are core to his character as well , and while I questioned this particular bit of casting when I first heard of it , Assante does make a convincing Odyssues . There are no problems accepting Scacchi as the personification of faithfulness in Penelope and having Irene Papas show up as Anticlea , the mother of Odysseus was a nice casting decision.For me the most problematic element in the mini-series is the performance of Alan Stenson as Telemachus , although Michael J. Pollard as Aeolus the Bronx god of the winds was a bit much even with the nudge-nudge wink-wink way he is presented . But Telemachus rants and raves too much as the headstrong kid who refuses to believe the father he has grown up without is still alive . I should really not be enjoying it when he gets beaten to a pulp , but notice that before his father tells him the right time has come for him to be agree , this kid is pretty much frothing at the mouth . The recounting of the Trojan War is reductionalistic in the extreme and they gloss over the story of how Agamemnon got the king of Ithaca to go to war when Odysseus was pretending to be insane and plowing a field with salt , but these are legitimate choices given that the focus is on Homer 's poem and not the attendant myths.Granted , the story of `` The Odyssey '' is told here as pure entertainment , which is seen not only when Calypso turns one of Odysseus 's soldiers into a talking pig and during the slaying of the suitors when they go flying through the air when hit by arrows and spears , but in the -LRB- predominantly -RRB- playful way the gods are presented . Poseidon is the exception since he is really , really ticked off at our hero , but Hermes -LRB- Freddy Douglas -RRB- is certainly mischievous , and gray-eyed Athena is certainly played with a twinkle in the blue-eyes of Isabella Rossellini -LRB- who I thought actually could have been in the story a bit more -RRB- . I also thought that giving Eurymachus -LRB- Eric Roberts -RRB- more to do as the spokesperson for the suitors was a good move . All things considered , it is amazing how faithful this telling is to Homer given how much fun they have in telling the tale and with such low expectations going in `` The Odyssey '' certainly exceeds them .
 Armand Asante does an excellent job as Odysseus . As with all movies , there will be some significant differences from the original Homer . After having seen the recent release of Troy , I 'd have to say The Odyssey is a better movie . If you prefer to watch a movie that remains faithful to the original classic with good casting/acting , this is for you . If you want cool special effects and big name stars in a story that is loosly based on a classic tale ... then see Troy .
 OdysseySarah Wilcox , Goochland Virginia 8th Grade When somebody says something about an educational video , you dont really think of the movie as interesting , or something that you would want to watch again in your free time . Well , I have a perfect example of a movie that is not boring at all , and is something that I would love to watch again in my spare time . I recently viewed the movie the Odyssey . The Odyssey is one of Homers epics . The Odyssey tells the story of Odysseus and his trip home from the Trojan War . The Trojan war lasted for 10 years and when Odysseus and his men were on their trip home they encounter many horrible things . Odysseus eventually arrives home to Ithica after 20 long hard years . I wont tell you what happens , or all of the details , because I dont want to spoil the movie for you . I believe that the director couldnt have picked better actors . I think that they played their roles very well and really made their characters personalitys come to life . The special effects were wonderful . The underworld special effects really let you get a good picture in your mind of what they underworld was betrayed to be like . The monster special effects were also very good , it really made you fell like you were being eaten by the monster too . The movie really helped me to get a better understanding of what the Odyssey was all about . I think the Odyssey was a great movie , and that Homer would be very proud .
 I love Greek History and mythology . When I heard a mini-series of the Odyssey was being created I was anxious for two reasons ; I was dying to see it and was terrified of how badly it was going to be butchered . This was a delightful surprise.To my amazement the writers took some minor literary license with the story but all in all it worked . What is even better ... it was a lot of fun to watch . I would recommend that anyone thinking about buying this do so ... but also buy the book . Turn your brain off watch the movie , engage the brain again and read the original story . Either way you are promised a good time .
 Given that this is such a good production I wonder why there is still no DVD version . Comparible productions like Merlin and cleopatra or available on DVD already.Shame on that studio !
 I thought that the movie The Odyssey was great . It starts off kind of confusing , but follows the poem by Homer closely . My two favorite mythological characers were Scylla and Carybdis who wrecked Odysseus 's ship . I thought the best scene was when Odysseus shot the arrow through twelve battle-axes and the other men saw he was really Odysseus . Also , when Poseidon took his anger out on Odysseus on his way home . This was really an awesome and interest catching movie . I thought Isabella Rosellini did a great job as Athena and the director did an awesome job capturing poseidon 's wrath over Odysseus in the turbulent waters . The director and actors did an excellent job depicting the mythological beasts , gods , and goddesses . All in all I give this movie 5 stars .
 This was a great movie . The beginning was a little rocky , but then it smoothed out a little bit . The movie had great special effects and a great cast . Some of my favorite characters were Odysseus -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- , Telemachus -LRB- Alan Stenson -RRB- , and Calypso -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- . This movie was very gory , but in a way I think that made it better . In this epic poem by Homer , my favorite part was when Odysseus shot an arrow through the axe handles . Overall , my opinion of this movie is that its a masterpiece .
 This movie , The Odyssey was a wonderful way of telling about Odysseus and his journey . I would highly recommend this movie . The cast was great . Vanessa Williams played Calypso perfectly . She made me feel sorry for her when she had to let Odysseus go . This funny little Aeolus , the god of the wind was my favorite character . Though he was a bit part , he was one of the few gods who actually helped Odysseus . The special effects were the best I 've seen in a movie for school . The monsters were so life like . The way they showed the underworld was unbelievable . It was so bright and real looking . The gods and goddesses looked exactly like you would usually picture them . That 's why I liked this movie so much . The reasons I did n't like it were few and small . I would have put more of the Trojan war in it . The little the director , Andrei Konchalovsky , put of the war really did n't tell the story that well . The only other thing against it was the fact that I did n't like Odysseus 's mother . Irene Papas played her well but the character was mean . However that 's the only reason I did n't like this movie . So all in all I 'd give it two thumbs up .
 This movie was great . Unlike many book-based movies , it pretty much adhered to the story line . The visual effects are fantastic . I would reccomend this video to anyone who is currently reading `` The Odyssey '' and would like a visual aid to go along with it , or to anyone that enjoys a good movie . Also , it has a couple of hot guys and gals in it . Alan Stenson -LRB- Telemekos -RRB- is a hottie and Vanessa Williams -LRB- Calypso -RRB- has never looked better .
 I loved the special FX and the cast was great . Especially Hermes , whoever played him . WOW !
 This is a beautiful three hour film version of Homer 's ` Odyssey ' . The film captures the essence of Odysseus 's adventures and misadventures following the end of the Trojan War . I enjoyed watching it with my four and a half year old grandson who loved every moment of it . We have watched the film several times , discussed it and have now begun to read the book .
 My son needed this video to watch for a suppliment to reading the book in his English class . I paid a little extra on shipping . I ordered it on Thursday afternoon and had it in had Friday for him to watch over the weekend . Great service !
 This is an awsome movie if you are into Mythology ! it is both happy and tragic . I highly recommend this DVD !!!!
 it was exactly what i wanted and it was exactly how the item description was .
 I do n't show all parts , but it is a nice compliment to my 7th graders reading of the Odyeesy . They really enjoy it . Some parts are not suitable for 7th graders , so I use the disk menu to skip around . I found it a nice supplement to my teaching .
 The Odyssey is a movie that makes you think of what it was like in our past . It also teaches you the mythology of the times . It also shows how ones love for someone last for a lifetime and beyond . One ting that I admired was the way it protrayed by the actors ... they made it believable.I would highly recommend this movie for those into mthy and gods . It gives some historical views about them .
 The story of Homer 's Odyssey is quite faithfully told in this grand production from Hallmark , considering the length of the epic poem and the necessary story parts taken from the Iliad , Homer 's companion poem about the Trojan war . The acting is good quality , and special effects are very good . My only complaint is that the disc itself , advertised as new and sealed , showed scratches and fingerprints when opened . It did not play very well at first , but that was rememedied by a 5-minute resurfacing .
 We ordered this DVD from Amazon to help my 9th grader with a long 6 weeks assignment he had in an advanced placed English class . We were having difficulty understanding the book `` The Odyssey '' . Although there were some differences between the book and the movie , this DVD definitely helped my child get an overall better understanding of the story , which in turn helped greatly with his class grade . I recommend the movie even if not to assist with a school project .
 Thrilling battles , heroic feats , and passionate reunions -- this adaptation of The Odyssey has something for everyone . Although it focuses on only the most famous portions of Homer 's epic and oversimplifies some of Odysseus 's internal struggles , this film captures the spirit of The Odyssey and will help introduce a new generation to the Cyclops , Scylla , and a host of sexy enchantresses . Armand Assante embodies Odysseus -- his swaggering bravado , his compassion for his men , his longing for home -- and the effects are pretty impressive for a television adaptation . Great for teachers as a companion to the text
 There are three highly rated films in this box and if you like at least 2 of the 3 , you have a very good value here . For me , the outstanding film was Donnie Brasco whichhad terrific performances by Pacino and Depp . The comments by Joe Pistone -LRB- whose story is being told in the movie -RRB- about how the movie and reality differed -LRB- in small ways only -RRB- was quite interesting . For Bugsy , I wish the movie had coveredmore of his early life -LRB- his rise -RRB- and cut back on some of the later material -LRB- less of Jack Dragna and Hollywood -RRB- . Snatch was a bit difficult to get a grip on withits close mix of comedy and crime . In this it bears a close resemblance to CottonComes to Harlem.Please see the reviews of the individual DVDs for more details .
 He still can belt out a tune . For me every song was good . No buyers remorse here .
 Stupendous account of all Cocker 's greatest hits , plus some miscellaneous tracks that Cocker management hoped wlould launch a second cemback for the Sheffield-born `` monster voice '' who brought down the house at Woodstock way back when , but in recent years he 's been more of a Heritage Rock act , that is , if people remember him at all . Even John Belushi 's imitation of him has lost some of its punch for we are n't accustomed to seeing the two-ton powerhouse flail spastically , his head bobbing up and down towards the skies , then back to the footlights , on our stages on a regular basis . Be that as it may , Cocker 's comeback did n't really take . `` Across From Midnight '' is a sturdy enough tune but it wo n't set young hearts afire -- middle aged ones either , and I do n't think you 'll harm yourself by skipping forward this one on the DVD.The amazing this is the power this man generates at age 55 . Mehtinks he 'll be going this way at age 80 , astonishing when we thought he would never live till he his 30th birthday . He seemed like one of those mutant freaks like Rondo Hatton born to have an early disabling death . And here he is still going strong when seemingly healhier specimens have long retired or even gone to their graves to push up the daisies.I always thought putting Joe Cocker in THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA would be a good idea.He has the angelic beast sounds that you need for a good rousing rendition of MUSIC OF THE NIGHT.Here he moans his way through CRY ME A RIVER with much of the power of the old days , and puts Leon Russell in the shade with his majestic , tormented DELTA LADY , which he might try reviving now for Katrina Relief , I think it would go down a storm . I saw him in 2002 and he had sensibly enough dropped the failed `` Across from Midnight '' from his set list and was once agaion concentrating on the old tried and trues like THE LETTER , UP WHERE WE BELONG , SUMMER IN THE CITY and of course , WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS . More power to him and long may he gargle !
 I recently saw Joc Cocker at the state theatre in Sydney and it was brilliant , one of the best concerts i 've seen live.And watching this live dvd it was the same feeling when i saw them live .5 stars all the way
 great cocker show , the hightlight being perhaps the best tribute to princess diana , the dedication ` you are so beautiful ' . most of his hits are here including the 9/1/2 weeks ' ` you can leave your hat on ' .
 Always been a Cocker fan and this one will not disappoint . Given the age of this concert the sound and picture quality is OK ... would rock in blue ray however !
 You got ta luv the recording of this event - great selection of music from musicians that have all earned their ` chops ' . If you 're a fan , I highly recommend this for your library .
 Enjoyed it immensely . The sound is best in stereo . The DTS and 5.1 mix are both done poorly imo . But , the stereo sound is very good !
 Great audio and video with many hits . Only gripe would be that they turned up the audience clapping very loudly after each song and a little too loudly during the songs . This is only a small criticism , however . Buy this DVD .
 Beautiful concert with a great definition , and the unbelievable Joe 's voice . All people take the flame to illuminate the night and Joe sing her best hits and some covers like `` Could You be loved '' and `` do n't let me be misunderstood '' -RCB- Beautiful DVD
 In response to an earlier review by Antonio Schemkes I ask
 This is an extremely well produced DVD , the audio and video are stunning . Although it is not 5.1 I found the stereo so good that I could not ask for more . A fantastic selection of songs delivered by one of the best vocalists in the business , add a great band and stage setting and you have a winner . In fact it is on par with Hell Freezes Over and Fleetwood Mac 's The Dance , which are both excellent , this is some achievment considering this was a live concert performed in Germany and not on a studio soundstage . Highly recommended .
 Excellent concert . Joe has mellowed alot from his earlier days ... his stage presence and delivery is not as wild as it used to be.Video is excellent , great close ups and the lighting is very good . Joe `` sweats '' to his oldies . Puts his heart and soul into the tunes . The band and back-up singers are fabulous . You 'll recognize every song . The sound is wonderful.It is a concert dvd I would watch over and over again . I 'm not a HUGE Joe Cocker fan , so that should speak volumes.If you 're looking for lots of action during the concert ... you 'll be disappointed , if you 're okay with the singer standing in front of a mike and belting out their hits with their heart and soul , you 'll love this dvd . The setting of this concert arena is very pleasing .
 I do n't know about all the techical mumbo-jumbo . I only know when I play this DVD through my big TV and big sound system it kicks . Joe Cocker is awesome and this DVD made me feel like I was at the concert . The production is fabulous ... probably 7-8 cameras involved in the shooting and you had to look hard to see any of the production crew during the video . Maybe I 'm easy to impress but this was great .
 I felt like I was taking a chance on buying this disk . Guess I was , but immediately knew it was better than I expected . This guy looks like he might have just walked off a trawler or come up from a coal mine . But what a song-myster he is !!! ... The different arrangements on a couple of the tunes were also very good.This DVD is a KEEPER.I noticed the drummer is the same guy that played on the Tina Turner Amsterdam show .
 Ok so the guy has aged a few years and he sweats like a stuck pig before slaughter during most of the show -LRB- damn could n't they at least have given the guy a towell -RRB- but then for those of us that buy this DVD we probably suffer from the same problems and , at that age , we probably could n't sing worth a damn.Cocker serves us his most popular hits with each one being a memory for me and probably most fans of his . During the more than solid one and a half hour live show , backed up by an exceptional band that knows how to rock Cocker does not hold back . Although I noted that he could n't quite hit the high note screams in ` With a Little Help From My Friends ' but then who would even attempt that piece after an hour long concert.The technicals and the sound quality of the DVD are exceptional for a live outdoor concert and I reccommend this performance toanyone that enjoys rock in its purest form ...
 But I have many concert DVDs and this one is one of the top 12 . Excellent production quality , great musicians , great outdoor setting . I buy many DVDs and I watch them and if they are not worth watching again I get rid of them . This one is an inspirational view !
 FOUND THIS DVD TO BE A GREAT VIEW . SAW JOE AT CHINOOK WINDS CASINO - LINCOLN CITY , OR 3/4/05 AND HE WAS STILL AS GREAT AS EVER IN PERFORMING .
 For the avid cocker fan ... . This is excellent Joe cocker . It may not be 5.1 but it is super . Highly recommened . Songs could not be of better choice . Buy It now .
 The older I get the more I enjoy watching concerts on DVD . This Cocker concert is filmed well and the audio is outstanding . Even if you are only a marginal Joe Cocker fan you will be impressed . If you a huge Joe Cocker fan you will find that this DVD gets better every time you watch it !
 I like this movie . I like the part when Moby Dick attacks . I think the captain is weird .
 Always nervous about purchasing a VHS tape ... but wanted to see this version of the movie and it was the only format in which I found this version available . In exactly the condition as advertised . Played perfectly .
 I prefer this update to the Gregory Peck version , although I could wish it had been more faithful to the original book . My question is this
 I love the book , Moby Dick . Yes , that does make me a freak of nature.One of my favorite characters is Ahab 's harpooner/attendant demon Fedellah who was completely ignored in the John Huston/Ray Bradbury movie version , but , alas and alack , this Fedellah not only does not have a great white mane worn like a turban on his `` Persian '' head in this movie but he is a bald Asian with a Fu Man Chu mustache.I know . Picky , picky , picky . And Flask has a pipe not Stubb . Alas . Still , it has fairly wonderful production values and if you do n't have a Fedellah fetish , you 'll probably like this one . Queequeg rocks .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . Not having read Melville 's book , this movie gave me much more of an understanding of Ahab and his tortured soul than the Gregory Peck version . Excellent acting by Stewart and the rest of the cast . My only complaint is with Moby Dick himself - the rubber whale used in the scenes is not very convincing .
 Obsessed Captain Ahab scoures the sea in search of Moby Dick , the white whale that took his leg . Through the duration of his personal hunt , Ahab acknowledges nary a thought of responsibility or regard to his ship and crew . Directed by Franc Roddam -LRB- who also adapted Melville 's novel for this screen version -RRB- rearranges many of the sequences of events from the book , and even mixes up the dialougue between the characters in some spots . Nevertheless , despite these odd changes , Roddam 's effort is an entertaining piece of work . Patrick Stewart is simply remarkable in his portrayal of Ahab . Ted Levine , Henry Thomas , and Hugh Keays-Byrne also turn in fine performances . Originally aired on USA Network as a three-hour miniseries . The DVD version of this movie comes in at 145 minutes . The first VHS edition had a running length of 120 minutes and was later re-released at 145 minutes . Gregory Peck , who played Captain Ahab in John Huston 's 1956 film version of the novel won a Golden Globe Award here for his cameo role as Father Mapple .
 THIS MOVIE IS A CLASIC AND I THINK I ENJOYED THIS VERSION MORE THAN THE FIRST . I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT TO ALL !
 I guess I 'm in the minority , but I enjoyed this production quite a bit and highly recommend it . Patrick Stewart makes a terrific Captain Ahab , seething with a personal obsession with the white whale , and the rest of the cast is quite good , too . The film is faithful to the book and the production values are excellent . Highly entertaining .
 Patrick Stewart did play a great Captian Ahab , almost ` but not quiet like ' Gregory Peck in the original , but did show more of a Fatherly and compationate side in this making ... However much was cut out in this Hallmark remark which surprised Me being Hallmark puts out some terrific movies , The Oddyesy , Jason and the Argonaughts , Cleopatra , Arabian Nights etc. . . I did give it 4 stars however because the creaters of this version were tastful enough to give Gregory Peck a guest appearance as Father Mapple which He did this role just as stern and feirce and hard as when He played Captain Ahab in the orriginal ... which was perfect!Still though , it is worth getting this movie , as I stated , Patrick Stewart does an excellent job saving the movie and also brings out a differant side of Ahab with out ruining it , just more less enhancing a side We havent seen so to speak , because He is still hard and sea-battered tough at times just like Gregory Peck was in the original when the part called for it ... Enjoy !
 Movie was great but the sub-titles were `` off '' and distracting -LRB- but hilarious at times ! -RRB- Just finished reading the book , and the movie was pretty acurate . Anything with Patrick Stewart is `` quality '' in my book and I was n't disappointed here . It was great to include Gregory Peck , also , and liked the special features with him after the movie .
 The classic epic film adaptation of a great story of good vs. evil . A real nailbighter .
 The original Moby Dick book is in some cases better than the movie ... . that 's true ... . but the actors -LRB- instead of Patrick Stewart -LRB- normally i really love him -RRB- his role was good , but tooo nervous and toooo crazy ... it did n't sypathize with the other roles ... e.g. Starbuck , Ismail ... -RRB- the whale was stupid and awful , like in a very low budget film ... could be much better ... but it 's worth to buy it and to watch ... ! that 's my opinion ... bye and enjoy the time you see moby dick
 I thought Patrick Stewart did a fantastic job . He showed great feeling towards `` The great white whale '' . I have seen this movie 3 times and I still enjoy watching it . It was much better than I was expecting . I wish this movie had been around years ago when I had to read the book in school , it would have given me a better perspective of it . also it would have made the book easier to read . I loved the movie !
 I though this was a great film mainly because of the acting , Patrick Stewart , best known as Captain Picard from Star Trek the Next Generation , fits the Character of Ahab perfectly . Though the film looses a star for the quite dodgy special effects , Herman Mellville 's story and A cast of great actors lift it up into a classic .
 I find it puzzling at how much people love the 1956 film version of Moby Dick , and bash the 1998 film in its favor . Franc Roddam 's version of Moby Dick is not a remake of Huston 's highly overrated film . To say so is like saying that Herman Mellville did n't write the book . This movie is better than most other made-for-cable flicks I 've seen , and though it is not without its flaws , it has more dramatic punch and stronger performances than the Huston version . Gregory Peck can be a teriffic actor -LRB- To Kill a Mockingbird -RRB- , but Ahab is far from being his greatest performance , let alone among his greatest roles . It 's one of his worst , in fact . Come on , who would believe Ahab as an enemic , muttering -LRB- and as Pauline Kael put it -RRB- stock company Lincoln ? Patrick Stewart is much more convincing in the role , and puts more energy into his work . Roddam changes the sequence of events in the book , but it 's told in more detail and is truer to Mellville 's book , whereas Huston skims over the material and leaves us with a rushed and unsatisfying story -LRB- people who say it is much more faithful to the novel have either never read it , or are relying on what they read from some abridged junior edition -RRB- . If a person who 's not seen the 1998 version , and reads the numerous reviews in favor of Huston 's bland film and Peck 's awful performance as Ahab , here 's a review with a differing viewpoint .
 I was a bit concerned since this version comes out of Korea , but I must say the technical quality of the DVD was fine . it was very easy to turn off the Korean subtitles -LRB- I do read Korean and speak it a bit , but I find the subtitles distracting -RRB- , and from that point on , it was technically a fine DVD.In terms of the acting , this is my favorite version , with Gregory Peck 's version a close second . Peck is more of a smoldering , deep Ahab . Stewart is a fiery , charismatic Ahab . When Quequeg comes out of his death trance and crawls over to Ahab and proclaims , `` Me sabe . You god . You god '' it 's totally believable . Stewart has that kind of presence . Even though everyone on board the ship thinks Ahab is crazy , they are willing to follow him to the death . It made me think of the power Adolph Hitler must have had in 1930s Germany.There are of course a few artistic liberties - variations from Melville 's original story . But I do not think any of these detract from the essential story . If you have read Melville , you will enjoy this re-telling . And if you have never waded through Melville 's prose , you will find in this version why Moby Dick continues to be a story that is told again , and again , and again . Even if you have the Gregory Peck version -LRB- and I hope you do -RRB- , you will want to buy this one . It 's a great version and much superior to some which have come later , IMHO .
 I was recovering from a nearly-fatal illness in 1998 , and I needed cheering up - this film did it . MOBY DICK -LRB- 1998 -RRB- is a fine , fine version . It is a perennial favorite and I like alternating it with the Gregory Peck version I grew up watching - the only shame is I can not get the John Barrymore ` prequel ' to MOBY DICK -LRB- 1930 -RRB- on DVD.In short , Patrick Stewart is perhaps the only weak link here . An atrocious choice for Ahab ; Stewart is not that great an actor in my opinion . Henry Thomas as Ishmael is a revelation and as close as I 've ever seen anyone get to that role -LRB- the biggest insult was seeing Ishmael presented as an old codger in THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMEN -RRB- . Piripi Waretini is brilliant as Queequeg , and one actually can envision a romantic relationship between Waretini and Thomas -LRB- which was one of Melville 's intentions -RRB- . The inclusion of the slithery Chinese crewmen and the the Indian Tashtego -LRB- Matthew E. Montoya -RRB- were an added delight , as was the initial confrontation between Capt. Bilibad -LRB- John Lee -RRB- and Capt. Peleg -LRB- Harold Hopkins -RRB- , and Queequeg.Norman Golden II as Pip was even more delightful , and I was at a loss to express my joy at Ted Levine as Starbuck , Hugh Keays-Byrne as Mr. Stubb and Shane Feeney Connor as Mr. Flask . The big show-stopper was a cameo by Gregory Peck as Father Mapple , and BOY - did his sermon give me goose pimples the way Peck performed it . Made the original Orson Welles performance seem amateurish!The usually hilarious Aussie-man Bruce Spence -LRB- ROAD WARRIOR and MAD MAX
 This is an incredible movie . Patrick Stewart is amazing , and Gregory Peck 's performance is incredibly powerful , even if it last but a scene ... I watched it with my kids -LRB- 6 , 12 , and 16 -RRB- , and they too , were enthralled by it all .
 i really enjoyed this movie . i think stewart did an excellent job as captain ahab , it was great from begining to end . it had action , humur and all that good stuff . It made me feel like i was actually on board the ship and part of the story . i would tell anyone to buy this who wants a complete dvd collection!peace
 The other fellow said Patrick Stewart hammed it up too much , but I actually liked him in this part . I read to book too , and it is mostly `` everything you ever wanted to know about mid 19th century 's understanding of whales ... and more . '' Limited action in the book . But I thought they did a pretty good job of creating the movie around the action in the book , and followed the story well . I have not seen Gregory Peck 's version of Ahab , but I thought Patrick Stewart made a good madman .
 Once again Patrick Stewart shows us there is more to him than Jean-Luc Picard of Star Trek
 Eversince my dad bought this movie four years ago , I have been hooked . Hookline and sinker . It is a wonderful , emotional movie that leaves you dreading the moment that it will come to an end.Captain Ahab -LRB- Patrick Stewart -RRB- is a man that is waging a constant war with his inner demons eversince the day that his leg was bit off by his arch Nemesis Moby Dick . Believing Moby Dick to be satan in disguise , and he , Ahab , Gods own avenger against such a creature . Ahab charters a ship , whose crew must unknowinly follow Ahab on his journey through the hellish darkness of his madness.There is one man who dares to defy the utter madness of Ahab , and that is Starbuck -LRB- Ted Levine -RRB- who pleads with Ahab to forgo his passion for revenge . The Quaker in him being struck senseless by such a blasphemous outrage against God and nature.It is a mariners tale of men against nature , and forces that he can not , and should not try and control . It is a story of how deep one man 's madness can influence others . It is a tale of one 's man desire to become a god , to hold the life and death of a scant few people in the palm of his hand.But his madness does not lead him to glory , or even the menial triumph of his victory . Instead , it leads him and his crew to a watery grave , Ahabs lust for revenge nothing more than a death sentance for those that needed not die . A wonderful , but sad movie nevertheless . The music also gives it depths that could probally be not achieved otherwise . Definitaly a must see .
 Note
 Just like any movie produced from a book , if you compare it to the book , it will most certainly fall short . If you take the movie in the context that its a dramatic movie made to enthrall you for a couple of hours , than you 'll find this movie exceptional . I watch it about twice a year and find it one of the better movies in my personal collection .
 The obsessed Captain Ahab travels the sea in relentless search of Moby Dick , the white whale that took his leg . Through the duration of his personal hunt , Ahab acknowledges nary a thought of responsibility or regard to his ship and crew . Directed by Franc Roddam -LRB- who also adapted the script from Melville 's novel -RRB- , this newest screen treatment of Moby Dick rearranges many of the sequences of events from the book , and even mixes up the dialougue between characters in some spots . Nevertheless , despite these odd changes , Roddam 's effort is an entertaining piece of work . Patrick Stewart is simply remarkable in his portrayal of Ahab . Ted Levine , Henry Thomas , and Hugh Keays-Byrne also turn in fine performances . Originally aired on USA Network as a three-hour miniseries . The DVD version of this movie comes in at 145 minutes . The first VHS edition had a running length of 120 minutes and was later re-released at 145 minutes . Gregory Peck , who played Captain Ahab in John Huston 's 1956 film version of the novel , won a Golden Globe Award here for his cameo role as Father Mapple
 Basically , I wanted to say that of all the dvds I have purchased , this film has the richest sound . I thought that to be very odd because this was a made-for-tv movie . I was wondering if anyone else experienced this ?
 this movie may not be getting the credit it deserves . True , Gregory Peck played a great role in the earlier version and people have been disappointed with Patrick Stewart 's portrayal of Captain Ahab . The truth is , Mr. Stewart 's character is more in line with the Captain of the Essex from which this story originated . Gregory Peck was far more aggressive in character than Captain Pollard of the Essex . Read the books about the Essex and then watch both versions of Moby Dick . I think you will have a better opinion of this later version .
 Ted Levi Henry Thomas and Captain Ahab are absolutely great , I liked the flavour of the australian actors , the movie does lookslike a `` cruise '' sometimes , but its much more realistic environment at sea , ...
 Patrick Stewart handles Ahab admirably , and Gregory Peck as the minister giving his blessings and warnings at the outset provides continuity to the version in which he himself played Ahab.Two points to consider :1 . Queequeg is played with considerable energy and earthy humor , but the actor risks veers close to a `` John Belushi '' homage -LRB- which has its own charms -RRB- .2 . I found the English subtitles -LRB- for those of us who need help hearing -RRB- contain an unacceptable number of errors - from simple misspellings -LRB- e.g. , `` thoudsands '' for `` thousands '' -RRB- to text that appears to be the transcribed notes of a non-native English speaker -LRB- as heard by his/her ear and written out by sound -RRB- . I highly recommend that Amazon contract with an editor to review the English subtitles , edit appropriately , and that Amazon find a way to insert corrected text . The errors are so distracting that I would even ask Amazon to send corrected versions to those who request a swap-out -LRB- such as myself -RRB- .
 Captain Ahab -LRB- Patrick Stewart -RRB- is a hard driven man , you can see it in his eyes . There is no question he has the resolve to complete his quest at all cost -- to kill that cursed white whale that took his leg . `` I 'll chase him around Good Hope , around the Horn , around the Norway maelstrum , and around Perdition 's flame before I give him up . This is what ye have shipped for , men , to chase that white whale on both sides of land and over all sides of Earth till he spouts black blood and rolls fin out . `` Fishes live in the sea as men do on the land . The great ones eat up the little ones , -- Willian Shakespeare .
 Great story line -LRB- yes , it 's a book -RRB- , and Patrick Stewart is pretty good in this movie , as he is in most all roles . Not often does he take on an antagonist role , but he does it well here .
 There are several adaptations of Melville 's novel available now . I know of two made for TV versions , this miniseries included . It 's a wonderful adaptation . I think it also helps knowing that no whales were killed in the making of the film though the models sometimes do look like models . I 'm willing to overlook that , however , because of the excellence of the cast and the rest of the production . I gave it 4 starts instead of 5 only because I think the Gregory Peck version that came out in the 50 's is still superior . Stewart 's version , which includes Peck as Father Mapple - a great nod to his version of Ahab , might be more accessible to a younger audience .
 I would say Stewart is acceptable as Ahab , and the narrative has the advantage of including more of Melville 's book , but I would think the film equal to the Peck/Huston effort from decades ago . It 's a American classic story , obviously , and so it 's good to have several interpretations .
 Who could every truly do justice to Melville 's masterpiece ? Moby Dick is a novel that resists adaptation . In order to rein it in , one must make sacrifices . Franc Roddam 's for-TV version is arguably the best attempt to present its source material in a digestible way while still preserving the author 's intent.Again , there is always something lost in adaptation , but there is enough here to examine some important themes . In fact , I teach high-school American literature , and I use this adaptation as a basis to examine themes of God , life and destructive obsession as well as characteristics of Dark Romanticism . My teenage students are for the most part not prepared to tackle the complexity of the novel , but this adaptation is quite manageable , and it is nice that they typically find it enjoyable as well.This mini-series was produced for TV in Australia in 1997 , and at times it does show its age . Some of the whaling scenes in particular are not very convincing , and the background scenery at times looks fake . Still , the effects are quite advanced for 1997 , especially for TV , and it does n't look too bad today.The Emmy Award-winning soundtrack by Christopher Gordon is outstanding . It is epic and Wagnerian without becoming tired and repetitive . Incidentally , the soundtrack alone makes for enjoyable listening , even apart from the context of the film.Gregory Peck won a Golden Globe Award for his cameo appearance as Father Mapple . This was his last role , and I am sorry to say that here is where I part ways with most reviewers . Peck 's Father Mapple is too warm , too approachable to do justice to the role . This is a poignant moment in the novel , introducing the theme of a disinterested God . A touch more of the fire and brimstone might have helped , but an iciness like the coldness of the sea would have been even better . Besides , Gregory Peck was a fine actor , but he does not even seem to be trying here . He could have been reading the part for the first time . Again , I understand this is not the general consensus , and I welcome any comments to the contrary.As for the other actors , there are certainly some , well , flawed performances . In the interest of accentuating the positive , I will not dwell on these flaws . Suffice to say that by the end of the film , there are certain members of the crew who I was happy to see go down to Davy Jones ' locker.On the other hand , Henry Thomas makes a convincing Ishmael and Ted Levine shines as Starbuck , giving the second-best performance in the film . Needless to say , Patrick Stewart is perfectly cast as Ahab ; his background in Shakespeare coupled with his experience on the small screen lend to his success in this role . He delivers the Shakespearean monologues sans melodrama , and his effort binds and sustains this film.It is easy to nitpick any adaptation of Moby Dick . The 1956 adaptation was too short and featured a too-young Gregory Peck as Ahab . This adaptation has been criticized for being a long , incohesive mess . It is important to remember that upon its first printing , the novel itself was heavily panned . At the end of the day , there is no perfect adaptation of Moby Dick , and there will never be a perfect adaptation of Moby Dick , but if you look here , you will find an exceptional soundtrack , a fair attempt to tackle important themes in the novel and some fine performances . For what it 's worth , I can appreciate that .
 I realize the movie is a few years old but it is a period in time when whaling was high adventure and the men who risked their lives and returned successfully were local heroes . It was hard work and dangerous business . The classic book and movie tells the story of such an adventure . The captain is obsessed with hunting the whale that took his leg . Defying his business owners he leads a crew around the world on his quest , hunting the white whale . I loved the story for the view of a sailors life , the culture and the characters who tried to respect their captain and gave him their faith to lead them . That type of loyalty is no longer easily found in our modern culture . To respect a leader even though he might be a bit crazy they still believed he had their interests at heart .
 When I first saw this movie had no idea that JCVD was going to be in it.I knew that Sho was.Sho always does great movies . Sometime they are alittle `` campy '' but the fight scenes are always good.JCVD really out classed Sho in this one.I give them both 10 's anyway.The way that they interact make you think that they should make more together , but that was at the end of Sho 's movie days and the beginning of Jean 's . I think that anyone who wants to see a good movie will like this one.It 's not just a martial arts movie .
 From the end of the Cold War comes a movie that was probably written at the height of the Cold War , went through several years of production and finally came out right at the end of the Cold War and this probably killed any chance it had at success . I mean , who wants to watch a movie about Russians spies fighting US spies when you can get down with that sexy East German girl in your chem class while listening to the Scorpions ' song `` Winds of Change '' or that cool Jesus Jones ditty , `` Right Here , Right Now '' ? As a result , this enjoyable action movie is a hidden gem that few people remember . On to the plot ... SHO KOSUGI , Star of tons of Japanese Ninja films , plays a CIA spy who is called into action when a secret US plane , an F-111 , goes down in the waters off Malta . This sequence is probably the cheapest of the entire movie as we only get to LISTEN to the plane going down instead of WATCHING the plane crash . Guess they had to spend that extra money on Jean-Claude 's body wax . Speaking of JC , Mr. Van Damme plays the Russian martial arts expert / body guard who is brought in by the KGB to try to steal the top-secret warhead off the F-111 before the CIA can get it . The only catch is , first they both have to find where in the ocean the plane crashed ... Along the way , Sho kills multiple Maltese citizens and various KGB agents all while Jean-Claude romances a young lady on the KGB 's tugboat . In fact , all of the killing makes JC 's character a lot more sympathetic than Sho 's , which I 'm sure the producers did not intend . Anyway , lots of action and things blowing up later there is the final showdown with Sho and JC which ... well , you 'll have to watch the movie to see what happens . Take my word , though , it 's a great fight scene.As the movie progresses , the viewers are treated to scene after scene of the gorgeous Maltese countryside
 Low budget Martial Arts movie of late 80s early 90s . Plot isnt the best but certainly worth getting for the 2 main fight sequences between Kosugi and Van Damme . Highly enjoyable !!!
 This movie has the most intense action . There has been nothing like it since The Last Action Hero . Van Damme 's style is breathtakeing . The only negetive is the usless casting of the lead character 's sons . The writing is amazing . Who wrote this work of art ? I want more of his/her movies ! This movie brings in the tension of the Cold War with the brilliance of Hollywood .
 Most people who have not heard or seen Van Damm 's movies are in for the treat of their lives . The second Van Damme hits the screen the energy level goes through the roof ! the fight scenes are something out of a true life Rocky film . Sho Kusugi takes the cake in the final fight scene in a harrowing fight to the death with the multi-talented muscles from brussels . In the end the film lacks the emotional element to make it a true Van Damme film , but I think you will like it just the same . Thankyou for watching one of my all time favorite shows and thank you for listening .
 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen . It is non-stop action . Van Damme makes the mest movies in the world and his fight-scenes rules .
 Sure , Van Damme for all his grace and patented flexibility does n't make it to the end , but there 's a whole lot of entertainment , along the way , from both himself and Sho Kosugi . All in all , good stuff !
 In this espionage action film , a Japanese ninja fights the newest genius to hit the big screen , Jean-Claude Van Damme . They fight with high kicks , jump kicks and twirlies ! Van Damme has shown the next best thing since sliced bread , the 360 degree kick . Breath-taking choreography . Sho Kosugi is brilliant and his two sons and kick some stern . Do n't mess with those tigers ! The `` Black Eagle '' played by Sho Kosugi , must uncover a secret base that a secret government is hiding . Originality ! I was intrigued with this film and Van Damme 's performance . A new deity .
 sho kosugi and jean claude van damme aregreat as a cia agent and a kgb agent tracking a top secret laser tracking device that can control the world . this is van damme 's second film . a side note , kosugi is also best known for a short live tv villan in lee van cleef 's the master . this is a must see for fans of the martial arts and van damme .
 I 'm not one to write reviews but it drives me crazy when people put down movies because they 're similar to others ! I really enjoyed this Van Damme movie . I see it getting put down because of the similarities to Blood Sport , and yes there are similarities BUT it 's not the same movie . I gave the movie 4 stars because it was very entertaining and kept my full attention the entire time . There were plenty of action scenes and I loved the plot . DEFINATELY A MOVIE TO SEE !!!
 This DVD is a great overview of taiji qigong . It begins with stretching and warm ups then progresses to standing meditation and finally to stationary and walking taiji qigong sets . Everything is demonstrated by Dr. Yang with very good form from two angles . The narration is clear and offers helpful descriptions and tips on what is being demonstrated . There is also a graphic denoting when to inhale/exhale during the technique . The techniques that make up the qigong sets are shown individually for learning and then the set is shown in its entirety . This DVD also covers the internal connections/structure needed to lead qi or express power . This progression of skills , with practice , will improve and develop the viewers ability to increase mobility and relaxation , regulate the mind and breathing , and sense/lead qi . In summary , I think this DVD offers very comprehensive coverage of taiji qigong and I recommend it for all tajiquan practitioners and also people who are after the numerous health benefits of qigong -LRB- such as increased immunity , mobility , stress release , whole body strengthening and coordination , etc. -RRB- .
 I wholeheartedly recommend this dvd in conjunction with Dr. Yang 's book of the same title . Once again , he goes far beyond what the average instructor offers . Qigong is a necessary aspect of tai chi chuan , whether you are studying for health or martial arts.Qigong , used by many as only a warm up , is far far more . It will increase your flexibility , balance , and believe it or not , your strength . An intimate knowledge of qigong will improve your form greatly . From a martial perspective consider the value of body awareness , which will improve by leaps and bounds through constant practice of qigong and form.For someone with an interest in increasing their knowledge of qigong and tai chi chuan you might also want to view Dr. Yang 's Understanding QiGong series and works by Ramel Rones .
 After learning a form you have a foundation in taiji . This would be a good way of taking what you have learned to a higher level instead of immediately trying to learn another form . By concentrating on what I had already learned and incorporating these QiGong exerises into my daily practice I developed a better understanding of taiji . I was able to apply this when I branched out and leaned new sets . However ... a beginner might become overwhelmed with advanced routines without first building a foundation in taiji ?
 I would have appreciated a French sound track.What is great in this DVD is the dual display for many movements -LRB- front and side -RRB- but sometimes the two are not synchronized making it difficult to analyse .
 As a martial art enthusiast i bought this dvd without much idea of Taiji qigong . In isolation , this dvd appeared informative but not 100 % impressive . when i learnt more and more about chinese martial arts , its techniques , philosophy etc and saw other dvds of YMAA production by dr. yang the importance of various exercises shown in this dvd was understood propoerly .
 This DVD has the following sections that cover the different aspects of Taiji Qigong : The purposes of Taiji QigongTraining ProceduresImportant PointsStretchingWarming upWai Dan Standing Still MeditationMoving TaijiquanPURPOSES OF TAIJI QIGONGThis course follows the same general approach as Dr. Yang 's book `` Taijiquan Theory '' , which teaches that a student should regulate in the following order : Regulate the bodyRegulate the breathRegulate the mindRegulate the chiRegulate the spiritExplanations are given as the material is presented . The stated goal of Taiji Qigong is to lead the student into the domain of emptiness , represented by the concept Wuji . At this point Body Qi and Mind Qi become one and all desires disappear . Fortunately , for the many of us that might not reach this accomplished a level , the journey trying to get there is still wonderful and filled with many body , mind and spirit health benefits.TRAINING PROCEDUREThis section talks about regulating the body by being relaxed , centered , balanced and rooted . When we line up our bodies properly with the earth/ground , it becomes much easier to begin to relax our bodies and mind since we are no longer fighting the effects of being out of balance . This causes our Qi to circulate and avoid stagnation.Once we learn to regulate the breath , then the mind can lead the Qi effortlessly , as explained by Dr. Yang , Jwing Ming . Each of the five regulations are covered using explanations and demonstrations by Dr. Yang.WARMING UPThis is a very thorough presentation of well thought out exercises that assist a student/practitioner in loosening their body , muscles and joints . The exercises in this section teach how to connect the parts and move as one unit . Some of the exercises massage and move the internal organs in a beneficial way.The goals of the abdominal exercises on the DVD are : Regain control of the muscles in the abdomenLoosen the lower dan tian so Qi can flowImprove and smooth the Qi circulation in the small and large intestinesImprove and smooth the Qi circulation in the kidneysloosen the kidney areaEliminate Qi stagnation in lower backLoosen muscles , stomach , gallbladder , liver & spleenImprove Qi circulation in these areasUse the mind to lead the Qi from the lower dantien to the solar plexus areaDr . Yang then teaches chest exercises , arm exercises , loosening up the torso and the internal organs , loosening the wrists , coiling forward and backward , settling the wrists , rotating the ball , and pushing to the sides . For each of these sections , an explanation is given of what the goals should be for each exercise . Dr. Yang is shown split screen with different views of him demonstrating the exercises.A sign of quality material is when the `` warm up '' or `` basic '' exercises are so well designed that they truly have all the secrets of the art , and alone would still be worth the cost of the video . If someone practiced only these warm up exercises , they would still be of great value . As a beginning student , I recall wanting to skip the warm up exercises and go straight to the Taijiquan form.My teacher taught many Taiji exercises using a Taiji staff that measured from the ground to the armpit . This staff work , I realized many years later , to be of great value and well worth the extra effort of making them a part of the daily Taijiquan practice , along with the form , push hands , etc. . . The wise student will enjoy spending time learning these exercises . So do n't skip these exercises when you watch this video . Spend a lot of time in this section to truly develop a strong foundation in this Taiji Qigong ability.IMPORTANT POINTSThis section delves into the theory and concepts of Taiji Qigong , with the goal being to return your spirit to its origin , nature . Advice is given on diet , life style and the best time of day to practice.STRETCHINGThis section teaches three or four different types of stretches , while encouraging one to stretch slowly , gently , no tensing of the muscles , no holding your breath , but rather to breath naturally . Dr. Yang recommends ten repetitions of each of the demonstrated stretching techniques.WAI DAN STANDING STILL MEDITATIONDr . Yang demonstrates this Wai Dan version , but for the Nei Dan version of standing still meditation , the practitioner is referred to the book `` The essence of Taiji Qigong '' , the companion book for this video . Tips are given for the correct practice while showing Dr. Yang demonstrating the form . This form uses the following postures : Embracing the moon on the chest -LRB- arcing the arms -RRB- Holding up the HeavensSTATIONARY TAIJI QIGONGStand still to regulate the breathing -LRB- martial artists use reverse abdominal breathing -RRB- Big python softens its bodyThe Qi is sunk to the dan tianExpand the chest to clean the bodyPour the Qi into the Baihui -LRB- top of the head -RRB- Left and right to push the mountainsSettle the wrists to push the palmsLarge bear swimming in the waterLeft and right to open the mountainEagle attacks its preyLion rotates the ballWhite Crane spreads its wingsAt this point Dr. Yang demonstrates the complete set in continuous movements , repeating each of the forms six times , which would be less than normal.STATIONARY TAIJI QIGONG COILING SETThis sets purpose is to lead Qi to the surface of the skin and the bone marrow through the use of coiling motions , as taught on this DVD . Reverse breathing is recommended for this set due to its benefits of strengthening the guardian Qi and the skin listening Qi . These two types of Qi are used in the martial arts . The postures are : Stand calmly to regulate the spirit and breathingWhite Crane relaxes its wingsDrill forward and pull backLeft and right Yin and YangWater and Fire mutually interactLarge Bear encircles the moonLiving Buddha holds up the heavensTurn Heaven and Earth in front of your bodyGolden Rooster twists its wingsTurn your head to look at the moonBig Python turns its bodyUp and Down coilingsAt this point Dr. Yang demonstrates the complete set in continuous movements , repeating each of the forms six times , which would be less than normal.All of these movements come from the Taijiquan form and should be familiar to anyone who practices Taijiquan . They are excellent for the practitioner when performed with the concentration and focus as demonstrated by Dr. Yang.STATIONARY TAIJI QIGONG ROCKING SETThese exercises helps one to link all the parts , to realize the opposites and how they work together.Embracing armsWard offRoll back and pressPushRotating the ballWALKING TAIJI QIGONGThis involves practicing one movement while stepping continuously , as when you do Cloud Hands and do ten to twenty repetitions without changing to other postures . The set is as follows : Wave hands in cloudsDiagonal flyingTwist body and circle fistsStepping legBrush knee and step forwardRepulse monkeySnake steps downI was pleasantly surprised when I saw some of the exercises on this DVD , as I had developed some of the same exercises , like the walking Taiji Qigong series , as a great way to learn and become comfortable with movements in the form . I frequently have advised students to take a movement and turn it into a mini set . I would usually pick whatever posture was giving me a hard time , and I would create a left and right , continuous way of doing the posture , which would enable me to begin to understand and learn the movements.These exercises are very beneficial for being able to do the movements both on the left and the right , as well as learning how to make the movement circular , in that it can return to its beginning and begin anew.Well , the title sure sounds simple enough . But in reality this is one loaded DVD , with enough material to keep a student busy for a long time . It 's nice to be able to have your Qigong set come out of the Taijiquan movements , as they then become more of a complete , whole system.Enjoy !!!!!
 Qigong , or `` energy work '' is an ancient method of longevity exercises designed to maximize the generation and flow of inner energy -LRB- `` chi '' or `` qi '' -RRB- in ones body.There are literally hundreds of systems , schools and methods of qigong , but Tai Chi Chuan -LRB- Supreme Ultimate Boxing -RRB- is probably the most easily recognized -LRB- if not fully understood -RRB- of these.This DVD from Dr. Yang , Jwing Ming incorporates many movements from Tai Chi Chuan , as well as various `` stand-alone '' qigong exercises , linking them into several exercise programs . Each program is designed with a different result in mind -LRB- relaxation , stengthening organs , martial power , etc -RRB- . Broken up into short , easily understandable sections , the session flows smoothly from a brief overview , to warm-ups , stretching , then proceeds to specific energy exercises by body part and/or chi channel.The quality of instruction is superb , as each section opens with a stated goal , then leads the viewer through the sequences -LRB- with both a front and side view , shown simultaneously -RRB- . `` Essence of Taiji Qigong '' is one of those truly rare videos that enables a dedicated person to actually learn physical movement by watching and practicing along with the instructor.This is an excellent example of what a `` workout '' video can -LRB- and should -RRB- be .
 I love this DVD , and I have hundreds of books , tapes , dvd 's about the Martial Arts . Other reviewers have listed the sequence of sets , so I will not repeat . Instead , I will tell you what I like about the format of this material . First , the narrator has a very strong , yet soft voice . Clear to understand his instructions and explanations . Second , the music track is relaxing and not grating like some other dvd 's . Sets the mood for a great practice session . Third , this is a split screen so that you can see the movements for the front and side . Fourth , there is a prompt for inhale and exhale for those who want to follow the pace set by Dr. Yang , Jwing-Ming . Fifth , there are goals that are described for each movement , so you know what it is that you are working on . Last , but certainly not least , the Qigong sets , as done by Dr. Yang , Jwing-Ming are powerful , yet easy to follow.There is a bonus in the DVD case . Look under the liner ads and you will find a wonderful chart showing the Seven Pairs of Corresponding Qi Gates.If you value your health , get this DVD and the matching book and begin your practice . Wishing you strong , peaceful chi !
 `` The Essence of Taiji Qigong
 If you previously read my reviews regarding Taiji or Qigong , you know that I am a fan of Dr. Yang . Once again Dr. Yang provides us with a very interesting and informative DVD regarding these martial arts . This complements his book of the same title and demonstrates the movements in an easy to follow manner . More than that , he explains the purpose , the training and the importance of proper technique and forms.Dr . Yang does indeed explain the `` Essence '' of these art forms which helps the student understand the fundementals and reasons behind the movements and lifestyle . He explains how these movements help regulate the body both internally and externally . Breathing techniques , regulation of body and mind and the history of the art form are fully and interestingly expounded upon.While the title may be interpreted as being for beginners , advanced and intermediate students will also learn a great deal from this DVD . It is an excellent discourse of the basics of Taiji Qigong and anyone with a interest will be rewarded and receive a better education regarding this beautiful style of martial art . Personally , I fully enjoyed learning the reasons why I train , meditate and try to live according to the principles which Dr. Yang explains in his usual interesting style.This DVD is another `` must '' for the serious student .
 I am new to Taiji Quigong but after watching this video I am willing to give it a try . The video was of Dr. Yang doing the forms and techniques and a voice over guy explaining the things to look for and the history . I liked the concepts of teaching the healing , martial , and rooting body movements . I do n't think enough martial arts look at the concept of using the entire body when teaching technique or form . I also liked that you had flashed across the TV screen breath and exhale to show where in the technique this is best done . Like I said before I am a newbie to this martial art but it looks to me like anyone newbie or pro can get something out of this video that will help them .
 For quite a while I had been trying to develop -LRB- or find -RRB- a comprehensive routine that incorporated stretching , warm-ups and qigong exercise to develop and improve my qi energy for taiji practice , health and vitality . YMAA 's `` The Essence of Taiji Qigong '' DVD is exactly what I had in mind.This comprehensive qigong program - designed for beginners as well as intermediate and advanced practitioners - is a complete system for building and developing qi energy within one 's body as an internal foundation for taijiquan . The program is also designed to train practitioners to properly use breath , body and mind -LRB- yi -RRB- to cultivate strong qi for strength , vitality , relaxation and concentration - with the ultimate goal of leading the practitioner into the domain of spiritual cultivation -LRB- the `` no extremity '' state or `` wuji '' -RRB- . The DVD program is designed to be used in conjunction with the YMAA companion book of the same name . The DVD demonstrates proper execution of the stretching , warm-up movements and qigong sets - while the book focuses on the theory governing the movements . That said , the DVD contains enough theory , explanation and commentary that it can stand alone as a complete qigong program.Along with stretching and warm-ups , the program introduces and demonstrates Wai Dan Standing Still Meditation , Stationary Taiji Qigong -LRB- Primary , Coiling , and Rocking Sets -RRB- , and Walking Taiji Qigong . The individual movements - most of which are very easy to perform - are demonstrated by Dr. Yang , Jwing-Ming with both front and side views and should n't pose difficulty for beginners . The more complex movements are extracted from the traditional Yang style taijiquan form and will be familiar to taiji practitioners.Personally I 'm very grateful to Dr. Yang and his staff at YMAA for producing a DVD program of such physical , mental and spiritual benefit . I highly recommend this 5 star qigong program to anyone interested in improving health , strength , vitality - and their taiji - through the practice of qigong .
 This is the knowledge most people , I think , are searching for when they begin to investigate Tai Chi . They hear about Qi/Ki/Chi and how Tai Chi can be used to develop and channel these energies . Yet , the neophyte lacks the necessary proficiency to actually sense these energies at their source . If you ca n't pin point the starting place of these energies ... how can you ever hope to properly channel them?Qui Gong is the practice of locating Qi and refining your ability to recognize and proficiently access this force . If you are new to the practice of Tai Chi you may be better served by starting here.I , personally , discovered Qi Gong in the late ` 90 's while suffering a severe back injury . The style came from Korea and was not as flowery as that taught by Dr. Yang . But the healing energy was very effective in aiding my recovery.Dr . Yang is an excellent instructor and I am one of his fans . In this DVD there is only demonstration from him without his verbal insight . That is left to the narrator . This is the only deficiency in what is still a great learning tool . -- It 's just that ; if you 've ever heard Dr. Yang give a lesson or a talk on a particular topic ... you kinda hope you will get that very same benefit on his next DVD . His insight and ability to convey knowledge to a student is the gold standard in internal arts training .
 As a first time reviewer and having not taken any formal Qi Gong training , I felt this DVD might be too advanced for me . However , I was pleasantly surprised because it spoke clearly so even a novice , like myself , could understand and partake in the activities.The DVD is listed at the highest skill level -LRB- third -RRB- so the second time viewing it I tried doing several of the exercises ; and it did n't take long to get the feel that this was truly an in-depth art form.As an aging ` baby boomer ' I am searching for a type of exercise that is easy on my joints , yet effective with results . Qi Gong is the answer and I 'm surprised that it -LRB- and Tai Chi -RRB- are not more popular . For myself , this practice is something I would want to do in private -LRB- or with a group that was doing the same thing -RRB- since the first series is learning the correct way to breath which , to an on-looker , can appear quite odd . However , Dr. Yang 's explanations throughout are very clear and make a lot of sense . The goal being to regulate your body by being relaxed , centered , rooted and balanced.There are five sections to this course and each section is clearly presented . The participant can choose which component is beneficial to them ; whether it be a posture towards the left , right or using a circular movement . Each movement is shown at two angles so it 's easier to tell if what you 're doing is correct.I definitely would recommend this video to all those wanting to learn about the Taijiquan form and I plan to incorporate this into my weekly routine .
 This Video is full of So much information , and easy to follow breathing methods that you can watch over and over again , always gaining and learning something new . Studying this has helped me bridge many gaps in my Taiji , understanding and internal essence , aswell as feel . This is not a combat video , this is all revolved around internal arts . This Video is for anyone who wants to improve themselves . another gift of knowledge from Dr Ming .
 Video was great , played great no skipping and it came right on time , this is how I like to do business.Thanks !!
 A great film with a great actress in DIANE LANEThis is one of the most entertaining and enjoyable films that I have seen all year . The acting by Oscar nominee DIANE LANE -LRB- Unfaithful , Perfect Storm -RRB- is magical and she deservedly won a Golden Globe for her performance in this great movie about finding a second chance . It is so well mad and so well observed . The humor is very good and there are several hilarious bits and some very touching and powerful bits too . I loved this film and felt that it passed the two hours so well and nicely . The story was heartwarming and the visual style and scenery was breath-taking . This is a great movie with the great DIANE LANE in great form . A brilliant movie that is n't too slushy . Just right !
 What a fun movie . It 's so pretty to watch as well -- bright and full of color -- and that 's not just because of the flowers and the stunning hillsides , the actors bring plenty of color to the film as well . Diane Lane is especially enjoyable in this one , playing a character we all knew she would be a perfect fit for , because let 's face it , Diane Lane can do very little wrong.She plays Frances , a newly divorced writer who becomes so miserable in her life living in an apartment complex for divorcees that she decides to take her friend 's offer to go on a romantic tour of Tuscany -- a gay romantic tour of Tuscany . Not that this matters at all in the film -LRB- because it really does n't -RRB- , but this is the reason she decides to leave in the first place because she 'll have no chance that anyone will hit on her while she 's `` Gay And Away . `` Taking yet another chance , Frances buys an adorable little villa called Bramasole , which is just as picturesque as can be . Soon we get a plethora of interesting characters -- two ethnically mis-matched teens in love , a guy who never talks that ca n't stop shaking when he 's around Frances , a goofy rotund contractor , a crazy blonde actress and more . This all equals a fun movie that no one should miss.Okay , so some cliches are employed here , but just think of how many movies do this . It 's hard to create a truly original film without using some of the elements that audiences have come to love in a love story . Cliche is perhaps afterall a much overused word in the movie business . What matters is that a movie is fun to watch with fun characters and a plot that will no doubt make you smile . That 's what 's truly important . So get this movie and smile , just like Frances learns to do .
 I was so surprised at just how good this film was . I had heard good things about it and had seen the positive reviews . I also thought that Diane Lane was a great actress . But this movie is a small wonder . It is a gorgeous film that is so beautiful and inspiring to watch . A beautiful , lovely and very funny film !
 Under The Tuscan Sun is a spectacularly beautiful film . Diane Lane is amazing and the story is charming and involving . The characters and locations were also great . A beautiful film that I whole-heartedly recommend .
 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN was a really beautiful movie . It has a lovely story , a wonderful setting -LRB- the Tuscany scenery is fantastic -RRB- , and great performances -LRB- especially Oscar nominee DIANE LANE `` Unfaithful '' , `` Perfect Storm '' -RRB- . The movie is also very funny , sexy and charming and you will want to watch it more than once .
 Diane Lane gives an Oscar worthy performance in this beautiful film . The film is funny , sexy , stunningly beautiful , entertaining and enjoyable . This is the real-deal ... a great allround movie ! Highly recommended ! 5 stars !
 This may be the first total chick movie i 've enjoyed . Watched the whole thing through and fell in love with it . I 'm in the Navy and I 've lived in Europe for 5 years , 3 of which were in Italy . I 've been to Tuscany several times and can tell you this movie is very authentic in what it portrays . The friendliness of the locals and all . I did n't care for the story MUCH although it is a very happy movie out of a sad time in a woman 's life . Diane Lane was absolutely gorgeous in this movie , even to an 18 yr old . All in all , it 's got comedy , heartbreak , romance , recommended to anyone .
 Diane Lane is great is this nicely crafted story set in the beautiful Tuscan country side . After watching the DVD extra 's where the director talked about how it rained the entire time they filmed this in Italy I had to go back and watch it again - what a great job disguisung bad weather.This is just a nice story with no bad language , no violence and lots of gorgeous scenery .
 I loved this movie . I do n't usually watch too many movies but a friend loaned me this one and am I glad she did.It is about a woman betrayed and how she goes on with her life . It made me think that I too could do something exciting with the rest of my life.For the scenery of Italy alone , this movie is worth watching . Just beautiful.I had never seen Diane Lane in any performances but I will seek her out now . All in all I give this movie a 5 star rating .
 Not having read the book , I enjoyed this movie with a no preconceptions . It is engaging and humorous , beautiful countryside and made me want to follow in Frances ' footsteps . I saw it at the Sneak Preview and will see it again for sure .
 I was blown away by how wonderful this moving and funny film was . It has everything you could want . Drama , comedy , great acting and beautiful landscapes and music . Diane Lane should win another Oscar nomination for her great work here and the supporting cast were superb with their often quirky portrayals . The film is sweet but not cliched and there is nothing at all the fault it on . A faultless and beautiful film . The best of the year in my opinion . It 's a 10 !
 Diane Lane buys a run down house in Tuscany called Bramasole -LRB- longing for the sun -RRB- . This film is a celebration of Italian life . The countryside will make you want to pack a bag and abandon everything you have for a new life in Tuscany . It is a wonderful tale of a woman who 's life crumbles underneath her and how she recovers such devestation as she discovers the beauty and simplicity of life in Italy . I laughed , I cried and I laughed some more . It will make you crave the tastes , smells and pleasures of the Italian countryside . A fantastic film that I could watch over and over again . If you like the movie , pick up the book and it 's sequel Bella Tuscany .
 I loved this film so much . It is one of the best romantic comedies I have seen and the acting by Diane Lane was incrdeible . The scenery was fabulous and the movie is infused with fun , comedy and drama . A great movie . A stunning masterpiece of the genre . 5 stars .
 I saw this movie at a sneak preview and will see it again when it comes out just because I know a few people who need to see this movie . This movie is a tune-up for the soul . If anyone has been down on thier luck or not so lucky in love this movie will pour some sweetness into that bitter place . I laughed , I cried several times this movie evoked that youthful part inside me that needs to be awakened every so often . With the beautiful cinematography and portrayal of the people you want to leave your seat and hop a plane for Tuscany . I heard so many people saying that as they left the theatre . Go see this movie and laugh and cry all at the same time .
 Great to watch with a girlfriend -LRB- Chick Flick -RRB- . Any movie with Diane Lane is Great !
 I have not seen this in a wile . But what I remember this is a very good one . I love this movie . If I could only pick about 30 movies that I could have this would be one of them.-Raymond Day
 I loved the story . It shows the journey that a woman may go through in discovery of herself . One of my favorite romantic movies .
 Self empowerment ! Overcoming what life throws at you . Love yourself . Diane Lane is a great actress . Is she playing the part or is the part about her ? Great story , Great character , Great scenery & location !! Just an all around positive movie to watch and get into !
 I love this movie . I am a Diane Lane fan . The scenery is breathtaking , the charactors are interesting and it makes you want to be there . Funny , lighthearted film .
 I really love this movie so much I watch it all the time I see it three time dAY.i
 Under The Tuscan Sun is a gorgeous film that makes one feel immersed in the beautiful Italian coutryside and it 's warm hearted people . It 's a story of working through devastating times in life and realizing there is joy on the other side if you know how to look for it .
 The order came faster than I thought it would . The product was in MINT condition and I 'm very happy with it . I love this story .
 Under the Tuscan Sun transports you to another place - not just to Tuscany , Italy , but to the place in your mind where dreams turn to reality , and anything imaginable become possible.This movie is filled with beautiful scenery and adventure . The subtle sensuality of the film is a treat for the senses . Frances starts life over fresh , after a divorce . She takes an exciting journey of discovering life anew in a new part of the world . She finds she can live life at a pace where she can appreciate the full depth of her relationships and all of life 's joys.It 's worth watching for the stunning visuals alone , but Frances ' journey of self discovery and self creation , make it a trearsure .
 When my friend got divorced , we went to see this movie . It is a great movie and lifts you up to feel like you can get through and conquer life ! Especially after what Diane Lane 's character went through in this movie , life seems like you can do whatever you want !
 `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is a rare commodity in films today - a thoughtful , mature , and elegant romantic comedy which is tastefully written and exquisitely performed . The profusion of obscenities and graphic sexual exploits found in most recent `` comedies '' thankfully are absent in this splendid movie.This movie is rich with gentle humor and accurate insight into the human condition . We have all experienced joy and sadness , loneliness , and the yearning to be loved and accepted by others . The central character , played by Diane Lane , is an intelligent and attractive thirtyish writer who has suffered a heartbreaking divorce . She decides to make a fresh start and relocates from the U.S. to the lush countryside of Tuscan , Italy . She buys a dilapidated villa and plans to have it renovated as her new home.As the villa is transformed by a construction crew of rather eccentric Polish immigrants , Lane 's character also undergoes changes . She becomes more of a risk-taker and forces herself out of her comfort zone so she can meet and mingle with the locals while absorbing their language and customs along the way . She learns more about herself in the process.Our heroine 's spirits get a major boost when her best friend -LRB- drolly represented by Sandra Oh -RRB- comes to live with her in the villa . The best friend is pregnant , and she has been deserted by her female lover . Lane 's character and Oh 's character find strength and comfort from their long friendship . They understand each other even if nothing has been said . They have a special bond.There are so many delights in `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' not the least of which is the bright ensemble of actors with Diane Lane 's textured , sympathetic performance especially memorable . She makes you really care about this decent and kind wounded soul who is trying so hard to move on with her life after the trauma of divorce from a seemingly happy marriage.Too many movies today are mindless , exploitative trash . A movie like `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is a reminder that there are a few talented , conscientious artists still around who are able to create movies that are intelligent and have a heart . We should celebrate and encourage these artists . Audiences have been deprived long enough .
 Great movie about a middle-aged woman coming to terms with life after her divorce .
 After seeing this movie once , I knew I had to buy it . The scenery and the story line are both amazing . Diane Lane is an incredible actress , and her role as Frances is really relate-able , to almost anyone . The movie is a romantic comedy , and by the end you fall in love with the characters , and the setting in Italy .
 I just love this film . It is a great balance of heartbreak , romance , comedy , drama , friendship , and culture . Diane Lane shines portraying a broken woman picking up the pieces of her life . Not only do you fall in love with beautiful Tuscany , you get a taste of Italian custom and culture as well . With a plot that holds true to real life situations if you are brave enough to take chances , this story is a perfect tale of casting aside your fears and insecurities and taking chances even when you feel like giving up . Frances takes a leap of faith and buys a rustic villa in Tuscany in serious need of a fixing up after a life altering event ... a dreaded divorce . After a failed relationship Francis yearns to find love again . She meets a couple different men that help her on the way . As most of us know , you learn from every relationship before finding `` the one . '' While she hopes to find the forever kind of love she keeps busy renovating a house she has many dreams of building a life in . You meet great and somewhat quirky characters , while Francis builds friendships that we all hope for . She grows into woman who is living a life she could only dream about and getting everything she never knew she wanted after many challenges along the way .
 this movie is a great movie ! although it isnt entirely like the book , which i have read , no books are exactly like the movie . people who are so obsessed with politically-correct-ness or whatever need to chill . she has an asian best friend and who cares if they casted an asian woman for being politically correct or not ? she was clearly a good person for the part . this was an awesome movie that is getting an awful bad rap .
 Dianne Lane is wonderful as are all the cast members in the warm , touching , inspiring movie . This movie is more complex and unpredicatable than the trailer would lead you to believe . I 've watched three times and I 've only had it a month . The director 's comments about the making of the movie are interesting and really make me want to escape to Tuscany .
 I really enjoyed Under the Tuscan Sun . Diane Lane is wonderful in this movie . Sandra Oh is great as her friend dealing with motherhood . Watching the scenes of Italian countryside is wonderful . Watching Diane Lanes character as she gets over her divorce , and moves to a foreign country by herself is inspiring .
 Although the movie was cute I was a bit disapointed as I expected it to be like the book . Not even close .
 This is a perfect film - Superb , sexy , funny , enjoyable , entertaining and sweet ... Diane Lane is fantastic -LRB- Oscar worthy -RRB- and Raoul Bova is the sexiest man alive !
 It really was a wonderful movie in the tradition of Chocolat . A moving tale of the restoration of a Tuscan villa that parallels the restoration of the protagonists life . Diane Lane is finally getting her much deserved leading roles and she is brilliant in this part . A subplot involving her Polish team of contractors is rewarding , particularly the Romeo and Juliet like storyline , showing that a pure , true love can exist . This movie is so lush and visually stunning that it is like taking a two hour vacation . Written and directed by women this film has a very welcome feminine touch .
 What a great movie ! Entertaining and enjoyable with some very , very funny moments and great acting by Diane Lane . The film is so beautiful to look at on the bigscreen and the story is beautiful and avoids any cliches or sentimentality . A great movie . Very recommnded indeed ! 5 stars .
 I saw the movie last night in a preview showing . I found it to be very charming . The best part of the movie by far is the cinematography . Tuscany and Italy in general are both places that I have never been before but just seeing this movie makes me want to go there all the more . I felt that the story line of this movie has a few holes but otherwise is very entertaining . My reccomendation would be to see this movie in a matine or wait until it comes out on video .
 The landscape of Italy is so spectacular , I redecorated my kitchen because of this movie . Unfortunately , the kitchen now looks more like an Olive Garden Restaurant than the actual thing . Ha!Maybe because in real life , I 'm the same age as Diane Lane . Maybe because I 've done that , been there in the divorce arena -LRB- though not that nastily -RRB- . I feel a real bond with this movie . Are n't we all in some state of self-discovery every day ?
 This movie is great to watch on a rainy day . The Italian countryside is beautiful , and the camera tinting really helped to make it feel all warm and glowy -LRB- ? -RRB- It 's nice to finally see a movie that is n't gloomy , and the plot-line that 's simple and sappy but gives you a good feeling and ends right on the line . Some feel-good movies do n't end very well at all , so I give credit for the book and the director for the tie-ins at the end . I the starred reviews , and I think that some people like to pick and pick at things . I 'm surprised that they have a whole list of complaints about this movie , when it is obvious that noone can expect much out of it anyways . I mean come on , it is very very rare to have a good romantic comedy when the story line is such as it is . I guess the reason why they are top reviewers is because a lot of people agree with them , but , here 's one person who likes to escape for one , and not be realistic . Besides , that 's what movies are mostly for , to escape from things mostly and leave you with a good feeling .
 Unlike so many `` women 's '' films which offer a self-indulgent whining approach to growth and development , this warm and beautiful film has a light touch which keeps the film moving forward . I like the principal character Francis portrayed by Diane Lane . She is likeable , funny and yet vulnerable , her openness and journey is one I enjoyed thoroughly . I picked up the book some time ago and never read it because I had a tough time believing I could empathize with a woman who buys a villa in Italy to get over a divorce . I mean HELLO - if I could afford to not work and just buy a villa in Italy I could get over anything - but the movie plays well and you genuinely like Frances .
 I saw this film last night , and I must say , it is one of my favourite films of 2004 already!It 's a REAL girlie film -LRB- I am NOT a girl -RRB- , but I still adored it.Diane Lanes character is going through a divorce , and is given a trip to Tuscany by her good friends , to help her get over the split.When she gets to Tuscany , she is immediately taken by the beauty of Italy.She reads the ` signs ' early on , and on an impulse buys a Tuscan villa , which is in dire need of renovation.The rest of the story concentrates on her rebuilding her life , the people she meets , and the difficulties that that presents especially in a foreign country.This is a real feel-good film , and I loved the strength the character displayed.The film offered no surprises , you know exactly what will happen throughout , but sometimes , that 's exactly the kind of film you need!A wonderful , heart warming , inspirational , touching and genuinely lovely film . -LRB- And it was a real reminder to go back to Italy soon - the filming of the scenery was stunning -RRB- The DVD extras?Adequate ; 3 deleted scenes which are always nice , and a nice documentary.HOWEVER - I found a hidden extra - and a REALLY good one it is too!Clue - its hidden on the special features page , and its a very interesting film on the making of ` Zeus ' underpants -LRB- he was originally naked and they had to add pants to lower the rating - interesting ! -RRB-
 Another job well done from Amazon.com . When I need a book or cd or a movie that I ca n't find locally I always go to this site and know that I can get it . Under the Tuscan Sun is a movie that I enjoy watching and hope someday get to travel there . This is a site I trust and the shipping time is pretty quick .
 Fun to watch ... great vegging out flick ! I love the characters and the story line of friendship , love and the chance to change the direction of ones life . Also the rental price $ 1.99 is great too !
 I am not nearly as well educated nor nearly as well written as others who have written their ideas of how much they loved this movie , but after all these years I still love this movie and the way the character is portrayed and evolves is just wonderful even now after all these years , I 'm happy . I 'd love to see the house that is used in this movie in Tuscany . I 'll bet it has not changed since the making of the movie . this movie has always taken me to a happy place , one that my beloved mother visited before she passed .
 I love this movie and have seen it many times . I recenty had cararact surgery and had to spend the day with my eyes closed . Had my husband set it up to play as I know the plot by heart so I just listened to it . Bought from Amazon .
 I had been to Italy this summer and our tour guide kept mentioning this movie . I had several LOL moments and also enjoyed the views of Tuscany and Positano ! It was wonderful !
 Fun and light but , a bit unrealistic . Just let go and enjoy ! Diane Lane and Sandra Oh are great ! Linsay Duncan steals the movie !
 Great movie and so many identifiable moments . The film is beautifully shot in Tuscany and makes you want to get on a plane today and just go there . Loved it .
 Well , this was a perfect ending to a long busy day . I ordered the movie under the Tucson Sun to sit back and relax . It was very very enjoyable . I 'm saying all this in a long-winded way because this review requires I write 20 words . This is actually kind of a pain because I am turned off about writing anything about these . But it was a fine purchase .
 This movie was well paced and entertaining . The actors were good and the setting and great . Good chic or couples movie .
 From the beginning of the picture , Diane Lane was charming and intriguing . She made every emotion seem so real , and carried us throughout the story . The writing , the editing , and the cast combined , created an amazing and inspiring film . Nothing was too predictable , yet the story never took us where we were n't excited to go , thanks to brilliant acting and filming . If the story itself was n't inspiring enough of life , love , and inner strength portraid by many of the characters , the scenery of Italy captured in the movie left us breathless and over the top . In the end , we knew it was over , but still hoped for more . We just could n't get enough of Diane Lane!After leaving , I was inspired about my own life and , after weeks , have still been unable to forget every moment . FIVE STARS PLUS !!!
 My wife and I saw Under the Tuscan Sun at a sneak preview screening and enjoyed it tremendously . Fans of the book should n't have too many issues with the creative license taken , although I felt like I would have liked to have seen more about the culture and the house worked into the story , and less emphasis on some of the added characters such as the eccentric lady in the village.The movie kept me laughing and even stirred up a few tears , and only crossed the line into camp a couple of times . Overall it is a good solid romantic comedy with integrity , good performances , and beautiful photography . Warning
 Diane Lane is a solid actress who has always found herself attached to strangely unsatisfying films . This one suffers from that syndrome as well , or perhaps it actually benefits from it.Most modern `` women 's '' pictures are about sex . If a woman is unattached we are to assume she will have her legs wrapped instantly around a man who will moreover be her `` soul mate '' though he or she may need some convincing . The strange thing is you see `` Mr. Darcy '' largely from frame one . Jane Austen would be horrified and amazed how her formula had been distorted.Here we even have `` the best friend '' asking has Lane met `` him '' yet . We are to assume that if you go to Tuscany you are bound to instantly find True Love . But this film does not deliver . I understand many liberties were taken with the book . Wow , they made a book into a movie and they changed it . Do tell.Though it is not a great film , this is the movie that could . I laughed , I actually cried - at first because the countryside is SO beautiful and then because it got to me.Sure there are strange flourishes with the supporting cast that make little sense . The lady who plays the former prot&eacute;g&eacute; of Fellini is so odd I thought our heroine had a stroke and was seeing ghosts . But overall it was a delightful experience . To those folks who are jumping all over Ms. Lane because she 's `` past her prime '' I say
 In a way , I liked this movie a lot more than perhaps I ought . For one thing , I am a guy , and this is very definitely a chick flick -LRB- hint for the guys
 I adore all things Italian and I admire the work of Diane Lane , so it was pretty much a done deal that I would also enjoy this movie.I saw it when it hit the theaters and enjoyed its peaceful , serene , `` writer-ly '' tone . I enjoyed witnessing the changes within Frances as she goes from `` Respected Reviewer , College Professor '' to `` Camp Divorce Camper '' to `` Tourist '' to `` Doing Something Completely Insane Simply Because There is Nothing Left to Do '' to `` Re-focusing '' to `` Loving Community Member , Whole and Ready . `` I enjoyed the montage of characters echoing the montage of Tuscany in backgrounds , in people , in food - Yet the second time around , via DVD at home , ohhhhhh - even more magnificent.I do n't think there is a single poor performance among any of the actors . So many fresh faces -LRB- to me , because so many cast members are Italian -RRB- so much emotion , fire , passion.I watched the movie and then watched it with the commentary of Audrey Wells , the Writer/Director . She adapted Frances Mayes memoir beautifully - it met with Frances Mayes ' approval - not only that , I felt like Wells was an artist wanting to tell a multi-layered , richly textured story.Subtleties , too , such as the lighting changing in the Villa from darker to lighter throughout the film , to one of the supporting characters actually being named Chiara -LRB- the very name taken from `` chiarascuoro '' - a painting technique involving moving from the darkness to the light.The deleted scenes were treasures , too - so glad they were on the DVD as well.I adore this film - the scenery delights , the variety of characters and languages . The interwoven bits of wisdom from Federico Fellini , all beautifully choreographed into a film I know I will watch over and over and over again .
 I saw this movie today and personally , I really liked it !! I dreaded watching this with my mother at first , but it 's not your typical chick-flick movie ! A heartbroken woman escapes to Tuscany , Italy to restart her life . Now , some of you may call this an unrealistic way to face your pain . But IT 'S A MOVIE , for crying out loud !! I do n't know about other people , but I like to watch movies to ESCAPE from reality ! I face enough of reality as it is . I do n't care to watch it embedded into the form of a film . It 's pretty sad when we watch so much reality t.v. that it sucks the imagination out of our closed off minds ! And while this movie may not have a direct plot , I think that it teaches a few good lesons . For example , what you wish for may not always come in the form that you want it to -LRB- Pawel 's wedding , Patti 's `` family '' -RRB- . And also , just like an earlier review states , it truly is possible to move on after tragedy ! Overall , this is just one those movies that gives you a little something to think about afterwards . And God forbid we actually think about what we 're watching every once in a while !!
 Under the Tuscan Sun provided the viewer -LRB- me ! -RRB- pure entertainment and a couple hours away from the `` everyday '' of my life . I enjoyed the film immensely , not only for the beautiful cinematography present in every frame - but to also watch a woman that has been crushed by a divorce she clearly did n't see coming -LRB- who are we to judge ? -RRB- , rebound and find joy again in the very little things we hurried souls take for granted in life.I viewed the film with an open mind , not expecting earth-shattering epiphanies to appear for the viewer over every word of dialogue . I have watched Diane Lane in movies as her career has progressed , and applaud her for jumping in with both feet to portray this beautiful - and after the divorce fragile , and yet ultimately showing a woman 's great strength as she regains her confidence and realizes those things she has wished for HAVE come to her , albeit subtly.I 've never cared for critics , and would have missed out on many a great film if I had listened to them . Yes , this film is a `` chick-flick '' to those I see that have reviewed it , but ... who cares and why does it matter ? If you are looking for a film to watch on a lazy Saturday/Sunday afternoon -LRB- after church , of course ! -RRB- that is beautifully shot , heartfelt , sensitive , romantic and uplifting all rolled into one , Under the Tuscan Sun will surely `` fit the bill '' . Enjoy !
 I love the full screen edition of the movie . I do not like the movies that is half screen . I like this movie because it reminds me that there is life after divorce or any other life altering event . But we have to move forward to achieve it .
 I had a problem with starting the movie initially , I went to the live chat and told him the screen was just black , I was sorry I purchased a movie on line at first . I am not a computer geek . He told me to shut down my computer and restart it and see if that works . I thought I just wasted 2.00 but low and behold it worked great !! I will do it again!Good movie !! No problems after that !! Thanks for the `` live chat ''
 Thank you for having available this awesome DVD . Came very quickly , plays with no issues and is part of my personal library now of great pics .
 Okay , I am a sucker for traveling , adventure , love stories , good wine and well , Italian trees too . After watching this film , you 'll have an attitute like why not and move to Italy , buy a house , fill it up with people , make them your family ... This movie gives a good life perspective to thouse who are found at some kind of dead end . It is kind of like an ice breaker of our society . Portrays very well how many people can live in darkness not realize that happiness is just within reaching of hand . Just like the character of the story , stuck in San Fransisco , mild town , with grey streets and boring , busy people , who only mind their own business . She is dipressed ... not until she goes to Italy and radically changes her life by making a sudden choice that most people in San Fransisco would name mad !
 Diane Lane gives a great performance in this romantic/fantasy driven movie . I know many people dream of going to another place to escape the pressures of daily life and this movie does that for you . If you like romantic movies in a far away land then this movie is for you .
 This is a movie that grows on you . I first saw it at the theater and was not that impressed by the story , although beautiful scenery . Seeing it again on rented DVD the story finally made sense , especially when seeing the extra deleted scenes . It harbors many emotions and aspects of life in the movie . Must see .
 Absolutely loved this movie . Great message ... unbelievably good things can happen ... even later in life . Breathtaking views of Italy ... This movie never loses its magic .
 i LOVE this movie . it 's refreshing , modern , and wonderful to see a woman who comes out from a sad divorce and back to her self or even better , by mid way of the movie.i love the villages you see them driving through . the way the culture is portrayed , of the area those people live in . diane lane does a wonderful job portraying the character . y' just feel happy for her when she finally reaches that point -LRB- where she 's dancing up and down on the bed :-RRB- lol.i 've rented it 3 times now , i should 've just bought it :-RRB- i highly recommend it :-RRB- & hearts ; & hearts ;
 Under The Tuscan Sun is one of those special films that comes along once in a while . It is funny , uplifting , inspiring , beautiful and above all entertaining . This is one of the most enjoyable films I 've seen for ages and the acting by Diane Lane and the lovely scenery make it a modern-day classic ! 10 stars !
 What starts out as an Italian `` Money Pit '' with all the attendant broken pipes , crumbling walls and incompetent handymen makes a turn for the better about a third of the way through
 I am peturbed that Amazon would spotlight two bad reviews . This was an awesome movie that kept me watching it from beginning to end . I have n't read the book , but after watching that movie , I do intend to . It 's amazing how uplifting this spirited movie was . Diane Lane was supurb without coming across as trying too much . We never get to see her husband `` Tom '' who screwed her over royally in the divorce , which I think was a good decision . The movie stays in the present looking ahead to the future with a sense of hope and promise . Pick up this movie for an excellent movie night - even if you 're not a chick !
 We 'll I 'm not usually one to go to see comedy-romance films but my girlfriend insisted and I was persuaded by the fact that Diane Lane -LRB- one of my favorite actresses -RRB- was starring in it . Honestly , this is a very good movie . It is one of the best surprises of the year . The film is edited in a way that never makes it seem boring or long-winded and the film is very -LRB- I mean very -RRB- entertaining , with some great dialog and some excellent comedy and well-timed laughs . A few times I was uncontrollably laughing it was so funny . The acting was amazing with Diane Lane giving one of her best performances in the lead role as Frances Mayes . The film looked great and had an excellent soundtrack as well . I recommend this film very much indeed , even to guys because it is n't cliched and slushy in the same way other romantic films are . It sure makes a great date movie - Under The Tuscan Sun is a marvel !
 Not a good movie to watch at the theatre , but great to watch on a grey rainy wet day . Escape to Italy , and enjoy the golden countrysides . I just have one thing to point out , the point of the movie was n't for Frances to go to Italy to find a guy and live happily ever after . It 's to show how even if she was n't with someone , she can still be happy and her life can still be filled with flavour . That 's why all the potential guys in the movie entered and left the screen . Also , it just goes to show that if she can get herself out of her depression , she could enjoy life more , and eventually things will turn out fine .
 This film was a very pleasant surprise . I picked it out as a movie for my girlfriend and I to watch , since I had heard good things about it several years ago . This IS a chick-flick type of movie , but it definitely does not follow the same VERY tired romantic-comedy formula script that Hollywood loves to crank out . Yes , I suppose Under The Tuscan Sun is a romantic comedy , but it is a GOOD one , and it is fairly original in its approach.First , I should say the beautiful Diane Lane is a really great actress , and plays her part perfectly here . You truly believe in her character , which really adds to the believability of the film -LRB- suspension of disbelief is important to enjoying a movie -RRB- . Most of the supporting cast does an excellent job as well -LRB- with the slight exception of `` Stone Face '' Sandra Oh , her face always seems devoid of emotion to me -RRB- . Probably the most important member of the supporting cast is the SCENERY . The landscapes showcased in this movie are gorgeous and pretty astonishing . The excellent cinematography takes full advantage of the beautiful scenery Italy provides , and the movie is all the better for it.While the film is not outright original per se , it does take a rather fresh approach to romantic comedy , and you wo n't be able to predict what is going to happen far in advance -LRB- when 's the last time you could say that about a romantic comedy ?? -RRB- . The script is very good , with quite a few laughs and excellent pacing , and the dialogue is sharp . All in all , a VERY GOOD movie that both men and women can enjoy.A couple of other things
 Frances -LRB- Lane -RRB- is a writter who makes a living as a book critic . She finds out the hard way that her husband is having an affair and gets a divorce , although she ends up losing her house to her ex -LRB- he ` pays ' her for about half of it -RRB- , so she decides to follow a friend Patti 's advice -LRB- Oh -RRB- and travel to Tuscany . While visiting the little town of Cortona , Frances has a `` terrible idea '' and decides to buy a Villa.The Villa needs a lot of repairs and Francesca -LRB- as the locals start calling her -RRB- hires a band of misfit Polish workers . As time passes and work on her Villa goes on , Frances ' life changes completely . She gets absorbed by the `` Italian '' way of life - not worrying so much about everything , enjoying life and not lingering on sad memories.This is a fine romantic comedy . Perhaps one of the best of the last couple of years . It 's a shame that it was n't noticed by more people -LRB- it 's box office was barely over 43MM -RRB- . Diane Lane shines in her role and Sandra Oh is really funny in the few moments she gets -LRB- she is the scene stealer of the film -RRB- . The rest of the characters are perfectly cast with what I 'm assuming to be European actors.But the one thing that makes this movie worth watching -LRB- I could go so far as to say owning , but nah ! -RRB- are the gorgeous Tuscan landscapes . The beautiful little towns , the fabulous Villas , the pebble paved streets , the beautiful flower covered fields . There 's also the little town by the sea where Marcello -LRB- Frances ' love interest -RRB- lives . Unfortunately I did n't catch the name , otherwise I 'd be taking a plane there right this moment . Keep an eye of cinematographer Geoffrey Simpson -LRB- Shine , Little women -RRB- , because he shot a gorgeous looking movie.The only downside I found is that there 's a couple of scenes in which the movies turns to magical realism . I did n't feel those scenes fit with the rest of the movie . Maybe it 's just me .
 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN , based on the non-fiction book of the same name by Frances Mayes , is one of those fantasies of escape likely to appeal to those leading lives of quiet desperation.Diane Lane plays Frances , who 's just undergone a bitter divorce made more insulting by the fact that ex-hubbie buys out her share of the house using money supplied by his new woman . Frances moves into an apartment block that specializes in sheltering the recently divorced . The lawyer next door sobs a lot . Then , two of Frances 's lesbian friends gift her with a ticket for a tour of Tuscany . So , off she goes , ultimately to impulsively purchase a run-down villa in the hill town of Cortona . Mayes spends the rest of the story overseeing the restoration of her new digs by a local contractor employing three expatriate Poles , and searching for a new lease on Love.My wife liked this film more than I , but admitted it 's a chick flick . I 'm giving it four stars chiefly because both Diane Lane and the Italian locations are gorgeous . The whole point of the film is to get the demoralized Frances to the point where she can again say , `` I 'm emotionally OK and ready to boogie . '' A disclaimer in the ending credits states that some characters were altered to enhance the dramatic action . Perhaps buffed up too much in some cases , and not enough in others.For me , the film would have been a much better story had it focused on Frances , the villa 's reconstruction , and the engaging personalities of the Poles -LRB- Pawel Szajda , Valentine Pelka , and Sasa Vulicevic -RRB- , and created a relationship with her helpful real estate agent , the sensitive and maturely handsome Martini -LRB- Vincent Riotta -RRB- . However , the screenwriters have Frances involved in too many other subplots requiring an excess of supporting players . There 's Katherine -LRB- Lindsay Duncan -RRB- , a flamboyant ex-actress and Fellini protege , who 's only purpose in the storyline seems to be to dance in a fountain and advise on how to find men , in this case equated with ladybugs - essentially , `` lie down in the grass and let them come to you '' . Then there 's gay pal Patti -LRB- Sandra Oh -RRB- , who shows up to have a baby . And hunky Marcello -LRB- Raoul Bova -RRB- , straight off the lurid cover of some bodice-ripper , who admittedly goes a long way in restoring Mayes 's sexual self-esteem . -LRB- My wife thought Marcello totally necessary to the plot . -RRB- Indeed , one of the best scenes has Mayes doing a private victory dance to celebrate the fact that she 's still `` got it . `` Diane Lane 's last outing -LRB- UNFAITHFUL -RRB- garnered her a well-deserved Oscar nomination . Her role in UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN is nowhere near to being as accomplished a performance . But for this viewer , who 's been in love with Ms. Lane since her appearance in 1989 's LONESOME DOVE as the sweetly vulnerable prostitute Lorena , it more than sufficed as an endorphin fix .
 American author Frances Mayes , was best known for published poetry work and also being the Professor of Creative Writing , director of the Poetry Center and chair of the Department of Creative Writing at San Francisco University.But in 1996 , Frances would release her memoir , `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' , based on her experience of purchasing an abandoned villa in rural Cortona in Tuscany , Italy . The memoir was a success and was number one on the New York Times Best Sellers list for over two years.The memoir would eventually receive a film adaptation in 2003 courtesy of filmmaker/writer Audrey Wells -LRB- `` George of the Jungle '' , `` Shall We Dance ? '' , `` The Game Plan '' -RRB- . And the film would star actress Diane Lane -LRB- `` The Perfect Storm '' , `` Unfaithful '' , `` Jumper '' -RRB- , Sandra Oh -LRB- `` Grey 's Anatomy '' , `` Sideways '' , `` Hard Candy '' -RRB- , Lindsay Duncan -LRB- `` Alice in Wonderland '' , `` Star Wars
 I 've said with regard to other movies that it is vital to be able to accept the basic assumptions of the movie ; If you can accept the basic assumptions of this movie you 're in for a fun ride . Just feel the movie and enjoy the scenery ; a man can do that too if he is willing.The movie picks up on an all too common theme , what to do with oneself after a divorce ; this is the story of Frances and how she handles that challenge . In some regards the movie reminds me of `` A Year in Provence , '' the renovation of the old house , the gradual making of new friends , and the language challenge are major themes in both movies . In both of these movies the frustrations , challenges , and opportunities result in a happy , fulfilled ending that leave you feeling good about things . That 's not bad!Frances is a sympathetic character to me and I found myself rooting for her to make a go of it ; Diane Lane does a compelling job of playing the part of a vulnerable , yet determined woman with lots of inner strength.As a guy , I too like the action and adventure movies , but , thanks to my wife , have had the opportunity to discover that I can also enjoy some of the more romantic and gentler movies.In summary , if you can let yourself be charmed by an attractive and sympathetic woman trying to live her life , beautiful scenery , interesting supporting characters , and a happy ending I think you 'll enjoy this movie.We certainly did !
 The subject matter probably does n't have wide appeal -LRB- a woman 's recovery from divorce -RRB- but the actors give good performances and I think that the film has n't gotten the credit that it deserves . If you do n't tend to like things in the `` chick flick '' category , you probably wo n't like this movie - but if you like movies where everything turns out all right in the end , then this is definitely worth a watch !
 This is just one of those movies I can watch at least once a year . Why more films are n't made about ditching your crummy life and moving to Tuscany , I have n't figured out . It 's my ultimate fantasy.In addition to that , Diane Lane gives a gracious performance fraught with uncertainty and humility - she does n't have it all figured out , and she does n't pretend to . As a recent divorcee , she is sad and struggling to find herself and figure out what she wants out of life . The bursts of sadness and loneliness she experiences throughout the movie are heartening and lend credence to her plight-she is a middle-aged woman , who has lost her home and has been tossed aside by her uncaring husband - and she is clearly not going to get over it just because she has moved to a -LRB- soon to be -RRB- fabulous villa in Tuscany . I appreciated this detail because in many movies , the actors behave in a way that is totally inconsistent with how real life would play out.Grab some popcorn and your girlfriends , maybe a Kleenex or two , and enjoy !
 As a guy I was not sure if I would enjoy this film or not . It had Diane Lane in it who I like alot . It had good reviews in the newspapers and magazines . But it also did n't really appeal as subject matter AND I had never read the book either . Having said all of that - I did really enjoy this film . It is funny and enjoyable and has a pleasant , uplifting tone to it . Diane Lane was sexy and again gave a great performance like last years ` Unfaithful ' for which she was Oscar nominated . The supporting characters in the movie were very entertaining and the Tuscan hills looked spectacular . This is a very good movie that I would recommend even to other guys . Give it a try .
 Under The Tuscan Sun is a very special kind of movie . It is n't just a movie ... it 's an experience in which the viewer is immersed in a magical and special place and a wonderful woman trying to find her feet after heartbreak . Compelling and inspiring . I was hooked ! 5 stars !
 This probably my new favorite movie . While the story line is different from the book , it was very entertaining and the Italian countryside scenes were superb . I would recomend this movie to everyone , but mostly to those who have visited Italy .
 Love the story and the setting Under the Tuscan Sun is a great movie . was worth the price . would buy it again .
 Excellent movie . I loved all of it , what a treat ! I love Italy so this really touched my heart . Funny too ! : -RRB-
 I 'm in love with Diane Lane . I honestly wish that her career post-Oscar nomination would have been slightly better -LRB- or a whole lot better -RRB- than what it was , but I 'm just happy that she 's still working , and she really does bring a lot to what she does . The year following her Oscar nominated turn in ` Unfaithful ' -LRB- where she should have won in a cakewalk -RRB- she put out one of those standard chick-flick type rom-coms that get made every other month . Basically the ` Eat Pray Love ' of the 2000 's -LRB- just far less muddled and unfocused -RRB- , ` Under the Tuscan Sun ' is basic and predictable and yet elevated thanks to Lane 's dedicated performance that the focus brought to fleshing out the depth in the story.The film follows Frances , a middle aged married woman who is under the impression that her life is fine until her husband leaves her . It was sudden and depressing yet she picks up -LRB- at the urging of her friends -RRB- and moves on , halfway around the world , to Italy . She buys a villa , that needs a lot of work , and then sets off on an adventure of self-re-discovery as she chases what she thinks she needs and ultimately finds what has been eluding her all along.If you can get past the idea that this is yet ` another one of those movies ' you can see the magic in every frame . Lane is a revelation , delivering a great performance that truly lifts the film to places it could n't have gone without her . The cinematography and mere sets alone are spellbinding -LRB- having just been to Tuscany I can say that it really is as magical as these films make it look -RRB- and the way that the story develops is also quite admirable because it does n't exactly follow that generic formula -LRB- especially when concerning Frances 's love interests -RRB- . It is well worth a gander , especially if you are a fan of these types of chick-flicks . It may be nearly ten years old -LRB- man , how the time flies -RRB- but it still holds up upon recent viewings and is the perfect film for a cozy night in with your significant other and a tall glass of wine .
 There were streaming issues with the frist round . . called support and they had me start it over again and it played all the way through with no issues . Thank you .
 Love this one and have seen it many times ... When you want to watch something sweet and uplifting that makes you smile when it is over - this is the one !
 Diane Lane is perfect . Plays the full range of female - bold , timid , snotty , exuberant and everything in between . Watch it !
 This was a great movie we have watched over and over . . Great value for the price . Most of the movies I 've purchased have been from Amazon and have had no problems .
 This movie makes me want to go back to Tuscany . Wonderful and heartwarming ! Great addition to my video collection . Recommending to my friends .
 My wife and I have seen this a few times , it 's one of those that you can enjoy over and over . Diane does a nice job reinventing her life and moving to Italy indefinitely . Her challenge is to fix up a very old villa , and to find someone to love and to be loved by . Along the way she makes unexpected friendships , and becomes instrumental in helping others find happiness in love , and she does some excellent food preparations for the workers on the villa . Very mouth-watering and colorful Italian dishes that look fantastic . There 's comedy , some tragic elements , but in the end there 's hope and celebration for life and love in this nicely done movie . A chick flick ? Yeah , but I enjoyed it also .
 I THOUGHT THIS WAS A GREAT MOVIE . MY GIRLFRIEND AND I WENT TO SEE IT THE OTHER NIGHT AT THE CHEAPO THEATRE . IT WAS FANTASTIC I THOUGHT . IT WAS N'T ONE OF THOSE GIRLY TYPES OF MOVIES I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ... IT WAS REALLY SWEET , AND I THOUGHT IT HAD A LOT OF NICE PARTS TO IT . I LEFT THE THEATRE WITH A SMILE ON MY FACE , AND SO DID MY GIRLFRIEND.WE WILL FOR SURE GET THE DVD WHEN IT COMES OUT ... I JUST HOPE THAT IT WILL HAVE SOME COOL EXTRA FEATURES . MAYBE SOME INTERVIEWS AND COMMENTARY OR SOMETHING.GREAT MOVIE ! SEE IT !!!
 In this movie we see Frances , a book critic played very well by Diane Lane . Frances goes through a very traumatic divorce and decided she needs to take a vacation to Italy . Unable to face life back home in San Francisco she buys a villa and sets about restoring and modernizing it with the help of some Polish labourers . This movie is a gem and is worth watching for the beautiful scenery alone . PLUS for once you get a very good voice over narration which adds to the charm of this movie . Frances is such a classy and gracious lady that she still believes in the Power Of Love although she has yet to find it herself . 5 stars for this must see movie .
 I do n't know of ANY film that has a word for word adaptation of the original book it is `` based on '' ... in fact some films say either '' based on '' or even `` inspired by '' . This does not detract from the film , nor does it detract from the book ; it simply means that the end product in book or film is the product of a rich piece of material.Bottom line is that this film is an excellent watch , which will probably inspire you to look at the book.If you are going to be pedantic enough to look at the discrepancies between book and film , or to see how `` unbelievable '' some of the cliches are , you might want to realise that books and films are different mediums , and a film in a hollywood format is , for the most part , an escapist work , and so is going to be brim full of things that are separate from reality.Anyways , great film , and if you missed it , the Italian Lover is a very famous Italian Cinema star , and is also a co-star in ALIEN VERSUS PREDATOR which , imo , shows his diversity.ENJOY .
 I must say , i avoided this movie like the plague for a year . It was deemed to me to be just a sacchrine `` chick-flick . '' Now I have to ask myself ... what were you waiting for ? This movie which I now own , definitely deserves more praise and should be essential to anyone intrested in high-art . It 's a magical and uplifting tale set in some of the most beautiful locations in Italy . Diane lane sparkles ! She carries the film so well you forget she 's only acting . A remarkable movie , filled with poignant characters and a heartbreaking story-line . It 's message is one that transcends time and gender . Watch and learn ... it 's fabulous !
 What starts out as an Italian `` Money Pit '' with all the attendant broken pipes , crumbling walls and incompetent handymen makes a turn for the better about a third of the way through
 Until watching this dvd , I was not familiar with Diane Lane . After seeing this film , I am now a fan . I thought the writing of this movie was clever , the acting was believable and I LOVED the scenery . I think the real chemistry was between the married guy and Diane Lanes character -LRB- watch the movie and see if you agree -RRB- . Anyway , I do n't think the movie is a chick-flick . My husband and I watched the movie together and we both enjoyed it .
 After reading some of the previous reviews , I found myself wondering if we 'd seen the same movie . I loved it ! Everything about it was wonderful . I thought the acting was fantastic , everyone was very well cast . There were quite funny parts during which I laughed out loud and a couple of times when I had to pause the movie to weep . I suppose I am a sentimental sap , but I would n't wish to be any other way . I guess it all depends on who you are , your personal beliefs and experiences , and where you are in your own life whether or not you 'll truly feel this movie . I felt it to the depths of my soul . Although I am not , nor have ever been in the exact same situation as Frances , it is very easy to relate to her . There were moments when I felt the movie was made just for me . I thought one of the most beautiful parts of the movie is the relationship between Frances and Mr. Martini ... the dialogue , the unspoken thoughts , the subtle physical gestures of the actors ... wonderful . In summary , it has become one of my favourite movies . It reminds us that though we may feel trapped and that the world has caved in on us and we ca n't possibly bear the pain , life is still there to be lived , and yes , amazing things will happen even when we least expect them . God , I love this movie !!!
 This is the most uplifting and inspiring movie I have seen in quite a long time . Despite the fact that it does n't carry the typical American Hollywood `` happy '' ending , you still walk away happy and inspired with how the movie progressed . The acting was superb and the scenery alone is worth owning the movie . I highly recommend this film to anyone who is even a little interested in the plot line . It is truly a magnificent find !
 Just a note
 Why ca n't all movies be as involving , entertaining and enjoyable as this one . The acting is fantastic and the scenery is superb , but it is the heartfelt and human story that pulls you in and does n't let go . Beautiful !
 This is a lovely movie set in the stunning beauty of Tuscany . It deftly explores several types of relationships from that of a recent divorcee , to the break up of a gay union to young lovers in a Romeo and Juliet type romance . The divorcee finally discovers that a meaningful relationship does n't depend on one person but a variety of people . Well worth seeing - you will enjoy it !
 Loved the movie ; loved the scenery ; loved the acting ; loved the music ; loved the story line . This is NOT the chick flick that the trailers make it out to be . Okay , they do n't blow things up -LRB- although they almost demolish her house ... does that count ? -RRB- . It 's also not the cut and dried story line that you are expecting . But it does make you feel good at the end . And for that alone , when Hollywood is churning out such dribble as ANGER MANAGEMENT , it gets my vote ! This is one of those movies that makes you want more ... I want to come back in a year and see how Frances is doing ... how many movies can say that ?
 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN starring Academy Award nominee DIANE LANE is without doubt one of the most pleasant and likeable films this year . It is very endearing - it is funny -LRB- hilarious even -RRB- , touching , beautiful and wonderfully acted and written . The dialog is witty and the characters are well rounded . A really beautiful , pleasant and entertaining film . Very enjoyable !
 So entertaining and enjoyable . A masterful and beautiful comedy that is heartwarming and inspiring . Beautifully acted and shot . Wonderful . 5 stars !
 I loved this movie ! It reminded me of the wonderful feeling of being in Tuscany and the all the lovely people ! This is a movie that is fun , funny , sad , happy , romantic and the men are so damn hot !!! =-RRB- I will definately see this movie again and again !!
 One of the most enjoyable movies I have ever seen . This sweet and entertaining movie is a marvel from start to end , all anchored by another Oscar worthy performance by star Diane Lane . In terms of entertainment value , you CAN NOT DO BETTER THAN THIS !
 This movie is wonderful ! I just loved it . I laughed , I almost cried , it was soooo beautiful ! Raoul Bova is so much my dream man ! Move over Brad Pitt and EVERY OTHER hot man out there - give me some more of RAOUL !!!!! You HAVE to see this movie , it is FANTASTIC !!!
 Welcome to Tuscany - a region of Italy known for its breathtaking old-world scenery , charming people , and the plumpest grapes , which are used to produce the finest bouquet of wines this side of Napa Valley . This is also the place where a recently divorced , down on her luck writer , Frances -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- retreats -LRB- at the request of friends -RRB- to begin a life anew , free from her recent setback ... or so Frances thought . Our young writer 's problems really begin to take shape as soon as she purchases a 300 year old house , located on the edge of a fairly modest village in the Tuscan countryside . Once settled in , Frances finds that she gets more than she bargained for , including a relationship with a suave , handsome Italian corner store owner -LRB- Raoul Bova -RRB- . Frances ' relationship with this attracive young individual is one of the most touching moments of `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' . Sandra Oh gives a rather dramatic performance as Frances ' best friend , who , is as surprised and as shocked as anyone , when she learns of Frances ' decision that she has bought an old , broken down slum of a dilapidated heap of a house , therefore wondering if Frances ' brain was on autopilot when making such a spur-of-the-moment decision ! Ah , but as is sometimes the case , there is indeed a silver lining tucked beneath this ominously dark cloud , for our temporarliy displaced writer does not travel this journey alone . Also along on this Tuscan sojourn , are a family of Polish immigrants -LRB- who work cheaply and dilgently in struggling to get the house in order -RRB- , as well as a worldly English woman -LRB- who , like Eric Idle 's character in `` National Lampoon 's European Vacation '' , pops up unexpectedly -RRB- . There are also other living things on this journey as well - in the form of arachnids and slimey reptiles . Blecch ! With so much taking place in its two hours of undisputed mayhem and glory , `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' combines the melodrama of a soap opera , with the wit and wisdom of an intellectual novel -LRB- upon which this picture is based -RRB- . You 'll need a handkerchief handy while sitting through some of this film 's most touching moments . Like Tuscany 's many winding pathways contained in many of its villages , there 's always a maze of adventure and excitement just waiting `` under the sun '' . Reserve your ticket -LRB- at a bargain basement price -RRB- at a theater near you soon ... that is , while supplies last ! Oh , and the Tuscan cuisine is mouth-watering , too .
 Diane Lane 's new movie is a fabulous movie with a lot of heart and soul . It has everything that a comedy should have - it 's funny , romantic , enjoyable , entertaining and moving . Great all round entertainment . 5 Stars !
 Love and family are two important life lessons to grab on to and not let go . Love and family do not always come in conventional packages . Diane Lane plays Frances Mayes a real life writer and recent divorcee . A divorce that she never saw coming . Her friends convince her to go on a tour of Tuscany . On a whim , she buys a Tuscan villa . Immense , and needing lots of work , one has to wonder what came over her . The contractors are a rag-tag group that slowly becomes her friends and her family . Frances immerses herself in the local community . Trying to start over , she falls in love with a stranger . In despair one morning , she wishes that there was family to fill her house , and that a wedding would take place there . Once the repairs on the house are done , the contractors leave . Her very pregnant lesbian friend from the States comes to stay with her . She encourages two young lovers to follow their hearts and get married . Somewhat bleak and depressing at first , you feel her desperate need to find herself , and to feel loved once again . Frances makes a choice , seemingly the oddest choice she could make , but it turns out to be the best one she ever made .
 Yes , you get lovely views of Tuscany and yes , she is renovating a run down villa . Otherwise , it is pretty much a new story . For those who loved the book , just make that mental adjustment and start with a fresh slate and you will enjoy the parallel blossoming in the movie of the woman and her house.I took off one star since it put my husband to sleep , but I found it a pleasant enough romance with good scenery . The main character is lovely and the various subplots such as the Polish laborer romancing a local girl expands the story to pull in the younger audience , I presume .
 When they were showing preveiws of this , i thought it looked boring , boring , boring . Then , when it came out on DVD and video , my mom really wanted to rent it . I obliged - It would be a way to pass the night . But , after the amazing scenery in the opending of the DVD menu , I was captivated . I love love LOVE this movie and everything about it - the subplots , the acting , the SCENERY - i mean , i could almost SMELL the food and culture . It made me laugh out loud in some parts , and almost cry in others . This is a MUST SEE movie !
 This is the story of a recently divorced writer -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- , who decides to `` deal '' with her separation by taking on the invitation of her friends to go on a `` Gay & Away '' tour of Tuscany , which makes her fall in love with a Tuscan villa and decide to stay there . -LRB- some spoilers ahead
 `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is at turns a delightful and sad romantic comedy romp full of a number of clever and unexpected twists and turns . San Francisco writer Frances Mayes -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- discovers her husband 's affair and the discovery shatters her life . When he seeks alimony , she 's forced to sell him the house that they renovated together with her mother 's money . At first she takes residence in an apartment building where it seems everyone is lamenting a lost love or smarting over a divorce . As the first anniversary of her `` freedom '' looms , a lesbian friend takes her out to dinner and makes her an offer she ca n't refuse . She gives Frances a ticket to Italy . Frances is afraid of finding new romance . It 's not something she 's likely to do on the trip however as the tour is for gays and lesbians and her friend is unable to go because she 's pregnant.While out and about on her own , she sees a picture of a villa for sale . On the spur of the moment she decides to purchase it . She wants to radically reshape her life and sees this as the opportunity to do so . With the blessing of pigeon poop on her head -LRB- evidently a `` sign '' to the elderly owner that she deserves the old and crumbling villa -RRB- , Frances earns the right to purchase the place . What ensues is beautiful scenery , a series of comedic and sad events as she remodels her new villa culminating in an unexpected second chance at romance.Based on Frances Mayes ' best-selling book , Audrey Wells has fashioned a memorable and unpredictable romantic comedy about second chances . If you 're a fan of Mayes ' book you may be disappointed . The basic premise is similar but , beyond that , the film has little to do with Mayes book . My advice , get it over it and enjoy the movie for what it is not what it is n't . Filled with memorable character actors from Italy , American and the UK , `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' eschews the typical formula seen in Nora Epstein 's movies in favor of a series of unpredictable and interesting plot twists . Diane Lane gives a marvelous performance as Frances Mayes -LRB- which I should note is a fictionalized version of the author as the book has little to do with the novel beyond the setting and basic premises -RRB- a soul who has lost her way in the bitter aftermath of divorce . The renewal she finds with the renovation of her new villa and friendships she establishes along the way makes for a rewarding and touching film experience.The widescreen anamorphic transfer looks lovely capturing all the crisp , bright colors of Italy . There 's no analog artifacts whatsoever and virtually no edge enhancement problems . `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' has been lovingly transferred from film to video without any of the usual analog to digital problems . The sound mix is as warm and sunny as the Italian landscape . While the 5.1 sound is n't used as successfully as say , an action picture , there 's plenty of subtle detail to be heard and appreciated . The feeling of Italy envelops the listener with this carefully prepared transfer.There are the usual deleted scenes , some of which add a bit of additional character touches . The making of featurette `` Tuscany 101 '' provides a nice glimpse into the production and thought process of the writer/director Audrey Wells and her star . There are also cast and filmmaker interviews and a glimpse into some of the challenges and rewards of shooting in Italy.Writer / director Audrey Wells provides an insightful and informative commentary track . It 's a pity that Diane Lane and some of the Italian actors were n't included in the process . It would have been very interesting to get the Italian actors take on an American romantic comedy.A delightful and touching film , `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' will provide an evening of great entertainment . Diane Lane is , as usual , marvelous in the lead performance . Great care has been taken to preserve the look of the film and the transfer is truly spectacular looking .
 This movie is very warm toned and sincere . I really give a lot of credit to film makers who can create a romantic comedy that is not contrived and unoriginal . Under the Tuscan Sun is a fresh romantic comedy that has a heart.Of course this is not a masterpiece that will change your perception of life and leave you breathless , but it will leave you smiling for at least a half an hour after it is over.Also , it has a really good point . So many times we force things to happen in our lives and and become totally frustrated in the process . It is indeed so much easier to just `` fall asleep and let the ladybugs crawl all over you '' . You will see what I mean when you watch the movie.Highly recommended enterntainment .
 My only complaint is the length of time it took to arrive . Could not use a gift as planned . Somehow , shipping needs to be speedier !!!
 I never actually got to watch this movie . It got lost on the trip from my mailbox to my dorm room on campus . I went ahead and gave you 5 stars anyway because I know it would have been in excellent condition .
 i first saw this movie when i was a teenager and i thought it was boring . but i saw it again and i liked it . it 's about a woman whose husband left her , her heart is broken and her friends convince her to go to tuscan italy and buys a villa that needs repair . this is n't the conventional boy-meets-girl movie , it has romance in it but the message is that you can still live a full happy life after your heart is broken , you can move on and be happy . it was refreshing to see that , this a good message for anybody . diane lane was beautiful and the cast was great , diane lane did good in this role . plus , the scenery was beautiful and so was the villa . i loved how the villa was designed .
 I had seen this movie before and loved the characters and the message the movie represented . It also has some incredible scenery of Italy and the Tuscan countryside . I bought it for friends as a Christmas present because I knew they would also enjoy it .
 A chick flick if there ever was one . But pretty high quality stuff about a divorcee who finds a new life in Tuscany . Of course , actually buying and renovating an old house there would cost a fortune in reality , so this is clearly a movie . Worth watching for the scenery .
 Great girlfriend movie ! Lots of inspiration and very similiar to the eat , pray , love book .
 Just watched this on tv -LRB- Perth , Australia -RRB- and I must say for a movie that I had never heard of , it 's fantastic.This film is a masterpiece of a genre rarley seen anymore . Bravo , Viva !!! By the way , i 'm going to order it on Amazon right now .
 This is one of the most beautiful films I 've ever seen in my life . Everything about this film is cool , entertaining , enjoyable and stunning to look at . The scenery is gorgeous and Diane Lane delivers one of the years best performances . I hear Oscar calling !? This is a stunning film that is not only different from the normal rom-com , but a refreshing and enjoyable ride through what life is to all of us . Well done to everyone involved ! Stunning !
 There is seldom a GREAT romantic comedy . More often than not they are just good to very good or just plain awful . This is one of those GREAT films that has everything in it for everybody . It 's not too sappy and it has an integrity that many films of this type lack . It has a great lead performance in Diane Lane -LRB- Academy Award nominee for last years `` Unfaithful '' -RRB- as France Mayes , and the scenery and atmosphere is superb in every detail . This is one beautiful looking picture that needs to be seen on the big screen . All in all `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' is a beautiful , joyful , uplifting film with a great setting . It is the ultimate feelgood romp through Tuscany , and it is a trip worth taking and taking and taking again ... 5 stars all the way !
 The exhilaration of the Tuscany landscape just compells you to say Il tuo sorriso e ' il sole della mia vita -LRB- Your smile is the sunshine of my life -RRB- . . Diane Lane gives a deeply endearing and enrapturing performance as a heartbroken writer remaking her life and a villa in Italy . Based on the literary travel memoirs of San Francisco journalist Frances Mayes , Under the Tuscan Sun is a testament to one of the most lion-hearted things the human heart can do - have the courage to love again despite the scars of betrayal , abandonment , and traumatic sorrow . In the blink of an eye Frances Mayes ' world is turned upside-down when a seemingly happy marriage ends in divorce . Life as she knows it is in tatters and Frances switches scenery to recover from a shattering experience . From the salt air of San Francisco to the kiss of the Tuscan sun rays does Frances slowly recuperate the fragments of her heart and a villa in need of some repair . On the way she re-experiences the magic and miracle of romance , a new love , and a life in Italy that she never imagined . If ever there is a doubt whether Italian -LRB- instead of French -RRB- is the language of love ... Under the Tuscan Sun settles the debate once and for all.If this book inspires your own trip to Italy , the following phrases will come in handy though they may not be in your travel phrase book
 Pop the popcorn . Open a bottle of wine . Call your girlfriends and to come over and watch this movie and have a little party . This is a great girl movie !! Diane Lane is great in this movie and it really is all about her ... and she carries this movie so well . You will enjoy meeting the people that come in and out of her life on her journey through life and her journey to Tuscany . Call your friends and let this movie entertain you !!
 San Francisco based writer , college professor and book critic , Frances Mayes , hits the emotional skids when she is informed of her husband 's extramarital affair and finds herself immersed in a divorce that lands her in a dismal hotel complex inhabited by sad and scarred victims of separation . Even though she is caught in the tailspin of her own disappointment , she accepts the gift of a trip to Tuscany from friends and embarks on a journey that will gradually fuel her life with optimism . On impulse , she purchases a ramshackle farmhouse in the countryside near Cortena and sets upon the seemingly impossible task of its renovation while simultaneously reinventing her own sensibilities and her lifestyle in general . As she toils under the Tuscan sun as an outsider to the town and its people , she finds herself becoming one of them , seeing each of the lives she encounters as an individual quest for La Dolce Vita so poignantly captured in Fellini 's film and echoed by the aging Anita Ekberg wannabe who attempts to and advises Frances to retain a childlike innocence and exuberance when viewing any situation in the big bad world.With a lead like Diane Lane playing Frances , there must . of course , be a man , in this case a delicious hunk of Italian that cavalierly convinces Frances and the cameras to follow him from the ochre magnificence of Rome to the tiered splendor of the Amalfi coast . These sequences explode with so much visual pleasure the viewer sighs , involuntarily blinded by the sensual overload of color and sound and as expected , glimpses of both Lane and her lover as they frolic to the tune of the campanile 's bells.For those who have read the book of the same name , there is no comparison . These are completely different stories . If you are expecting the idyllic sweetness of the book with its anecdotes of Italian life , forget it . The movie-Frances dwells on her divorce which springboards her into asking some of life 's big questions , while the book-Frances has already worked all this out prior to writing the first page and immerses herself in the simple lovely indulgence of following the course of a sweet life of which she has already mapped out . The `` Ed '' that Frances finds at the end of the film , is with the book-Frances from the very start ; in fact , they renovate the house together , content from the outset.I entered the theatre expecting this film to be mediocre based on the ubiquitous trailers seen on television which try far too hard to make the film seem cutsy rather than stimulating . My advise is to watch none of these sugary confections which take words of dialogue out of context to appeal to a certain audience ; if you like all things Italian and are indeed , searching for a dolce vita of your own , go see the film . Disregard the obvious contrivances in the plot and prepare yourself to fall in love with the lush scenery that gently lulls that annoying sense of American expediency out of existence , for at least the two hour viewing time . Above all , view the film with the childlike pleasure of the Italians for whom every experience is a new one to be savored . Then go out and buy a copy of the book La Dolce Vita offered on Amazon.com to begin your own quest for the sweet life .
 When I go to the movies , I go to relax and enjoy a break from everday life . Who cares if it is realisitc or not . Being a romantic comedy buff , I found this movie entertaining and refreshing . Anyone who wants to enjoy a light movie will enjoy this film .
 From the top it is how to get over a nasty divorce . Do n't just live in a singles furnished apartment building but try to push yourself to experience passion and regain your innocence . The scenes of rural Italy are literally breathtaking . There are several places where fields of brightly covered flowers accent the hills and sky . The transformation of the brokendown house into a warm home is inspiring to anyone who has tried their hands at just such a task.Her passion for food , friends , and romantic love is obvious and attractive . The best part is the supporting cast , from the crazy blonde acting out youthful movie fantasies , to 3 polish migrant laborers , to a -LRB- ... -RRB- mom who follows the main character from San Francisco to Italy to give birth and be with her best friend.There are nicely worked in themes of family , food , innocence and love , plus what it means to take chances . All tied together with passion and zest for living . It is a treat for the eyes as well as the heart .
 When it 's rainy , snowy or just plain yuck outside , put this movie on and it 'll make you feel good . Not to mention that Diane Lane is perfect for the role . The scenery is breathtaking . It 's romantic . And most of all , it 's about relationships .
 This is such a feel-good film . Diane lane does a wonderful job playing the woman who leaves behind everything and starts over new . The people she meets , the scenery , the neuroses are all charming in their own way . Where Eat , Pray , Love failed , this film succeeded . A woman sets out to find herself after a personal disappointment , but rather than the whiny arrogant character of Julia Roberts in Eat , Pray , Love , Diane Lane 's character has a relatable warmth and energy despite her situation . i highly recommend this film for a rainy day .
 I love this movie . It 's my go-to choice when I just want to sit back , relax , and watch beautiful scenery . The story is cute , the characters are lovable , and the scenery is breathtaking!As much as I love this movie , I really despise the book it 's -LRB- loosely -RRB- based on . I love Diane Lane in this movie , and Sandra Oh and Kate Walsh -LRB- for her tiny part -RRB- . It really makes you want to pick up , travel to Tuscany , and buy an old abandoned home and slowly rebuild it.It 's a feel good movie with a lot of heart , and I absolutely love watching it !
 I have this movie on my short list of fairy tale / fable / suspension of disbelief movies , along with other `` some people love it / some people hate it '' films likeSerendipity , About Schmidt , Something 's Got ta Give , Sideways -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , andLocal Hero.These films all have one thing in common
 The heart break and loss from a womans point of view , abused by the court system , robbed of her hard earned home and possessons to a new and very different life in a strange country and different culture . Ms. Lanes best effort in an attention holding and often surprising , recovery . Beautiful scenery and superior directing make this one of movie lands best kept secrets .
 This is one of Diane Lanes best performances I have had the privilege of watching . It covers a spectrum of emotions . The story line takes you thru many ups and downs . The scenery is also excellent . Worth the price !
 By no means is this an independent , indie , or artistic film . It is 100 % MAINSTREAM . That being said , I think it 's excellent , and it 's on constant rotation in my DVD player . To those who had higher expectations for this film , it 's common knowledge that book-to-big screen adaptations are NEVER as stimulating -LRB- or as accurate -RRB- as the book . However , as a movie in itself , Under The Tuscan Sun is charming , and manages to be both predictable and unpredictable at the same time . Also , as many others have said , the scenery is amazing , and will have you twitching in your socks to hop a plane straight to Italy . This is a movie for comedy/romance lovers without too much cheese -LRB- I personally ca n't stand romantic comedies but I find this one of my only exceptions -RRB- . I absolutely recommend this film to all open-minded people who can step down from their elitist platforms while they watch and appreciate this film for what it is
 LOVE this movie , that there 's a `` three-story '' plot involved is terrific . You get to watch all of the characters grow within their own stories . The scenery is STUNNING -- I am an arm-chair traveller and so this was right up my alley -- not to mention ... totally ROMANTICAL ! Will watch over and over .
 I saw this movie a long time ago on tv . I loved it so much that I wentout and bought it . This movie is not for everyone . But the thought ofstarting over in a very new -LRB- beautiful -RRB- place is a fantasy for most , including me . Who would n't want to start fresh after a huge upsettingordeal ? I watch it every now and then . Check it out , you might like it .
 I saw this movie in the theatre and it was wonderful . Everyone , men & women should see this movie , it is not just a chick flick .
 The only thing that ruined my pleasure from this movie was the repeated thought `` How can she afford all this ... '' ? A thought that remained with me throughout the viewing . I apologize for being such a material girl but the lovely house does make you wonder . We are talking not only about the house itself whose price we understand how Frances Mayes afforded , but the everyday life who do cost a little money especially if you redo your house with such lovely furniture . It seems that Frances Mayes was very busy during the daytime -LRB- the meals she cooked seem to have taken hours to make -RRB- , and only spent a few hours writing . Was that enough to afford life in Italy ? I wonder . The house itself needed intense furnishing which no doubt cost money too ... I assume these thoughts come to the mind of anyone watching this movie and asking himself `` why not me '' ? well money seems to be one of the answers.However , casting these thoughts aside , this is indeed a movie that is a pleasure to watch , even if the storyline is a little banale and not totally credible . Indeed , the book by the same name is more detailed -LRB- and thus tedious -RRB- explaining how the long renovations came through . One picture however is worth a thousand words and watching the beautiful Italy is not like reading about it in a book.Diane Lane is lovely and beautiful and is a joy to watch . Her acting abilities -LRB- which were amazing in `` Unfaithful '' -RRB- do not have a lot of `` meat '' besides several emotional outbreaks -LRB- usually over romantic issues -RRB- but she is warm and touching . Toscany however is the real star of this film with its landscape , beauty , light and people -LRB- together with all the regular cliches about the Italians ... even cliches have some truth in them -RRB- . What remains from this movie is not the story line but a burning desire to travel to Italy .
 Wassup who said that this movie was boring , stupid , this movie is great and has a lot of material that is real and shows how can you get up after a very berrie hurtful relationship . This lady of course is betrayed by her husbandm , she wnet for vaction in Italy , was capture by the beauty of Toscana and then she stays there finds love , lost it , and then find it again with an average american guy , so there you have it , a great movie with a great message , and by noway boring ! , this is good .
 I believe this film was entertaining but not for everyone . There was not so much a plot as there was an internal journey that was reflected in her taking the journey to Italy and making changes in her life . It is more a story of character development that takes place on an adventure.As for all the comments regarding political correctness with the `` token '' Asian best friend , let me tell you ... that is more than a bit insulting . Granted , Hollywood has done that with certain minorities before , but this best friend hardly filled any stereotype . And in fact , the reason Hollywood places those `` token '' minorities in is because it makes the screen more INTERESTING and DIVERSE ! Not to mention REALISTIC ! The entirety of America is not all white , and sometimes putting a person of color in a film does add some spark and dimension to the film.Not to mention , this particular actress held her own , exuded her own personality altogether , and made the film better.As for taking liberties with the book ... the beginning of the movie admits to fabricating some of the information . And if you want to talk about taking liberties with a translation from book to film , take a look at the film Chocolat .
 If you love Italy then go see this movie . If you like real and intelligent characters then go see this movie . If you hate romantic comedies then go see this movie.I am not a huge fan of the romantic comedy genre . More often than not , a romantic comedy is nothing more than a few good looking people thrown together and saddled with a lousy script . That 's not to say that there are n't notable exceptions , but for the most part they suck . Based on the previews for this movie , I did n't have high hopes , however I did receive a free pass to watch a sneak preview for the movie , so how could I say no?Having not read the book , I really did n't know what to expect . Let me tell you it was a pleasant surprise . For starters , Diane Lane was the perfect choice for the lead character Frances Mayes . She brings a natural reality to the character , instead of the saccharin sweet typically found in a romantic comedy . Diane instantly makes you feel like you know this woman . She 's your neighbor , or someone you work with . In the scene after she learns of her husband 's infidelities , she looks horrible - exactly like you 'd expect like a woman would look after traumatic news . Of course Diane Lane is a very beautiful woman and as the movie progresses that becomes more and more apparent . Luckily Diane is more than just a pretty face and her performance is stellar . The movie as a whole is understated , letting things play out instead of spelling everything out and Diane provides a wonderful tapestry for you to see what is happening to her . Her reactions tell you more than pithy dialog ever could and as a result you end up taking the journey with her.As much as I loved Diane Lane in this movie , she is surrounded by an incredible supporting cast . Sandra Oh , as the best friend , delivers an authentic performance . Instead of the typical `` funny sidekick '' so often played by those in the role of best friend , she 's down to earth and real . Raoul Bova plays the Italian lover and should make most women weak in the knees , but I found Vincent Riotta , the real estate agent , to be a much richer character . And speaking of rich characters , Lindsay Duncan plays a wonderful eccentric as Katherine who almost serves as a fairy godmother.Although the acting is surpurb , what brings it all together are the talents of Audrey Wells who serves as the screenplay writer , director and producer . Most of Audrey 's background has been in writing . This is only her second film as a director , yet you would n't know it by watching the film . Clearly Ms. Wells has a love of Italy and a love of the novel and all of that shows on the screen . She filmed in the cities that are represented and she hired actors that are the nationality in which they play and the age in which they should be . The entire films shines with authenticity and coupled with wonderful performances and directing , Audrey has redefined the romantic comedy.This movie was refreshing , witty , poetic , dramatic and rich with characters that you not only like , but identify with . It was such a breath of fresh air that I 'm ready to see it again and again . This film is definitely going into my DVD collection .
 I liked this movie ... it was more serious than I expected but had a sweet storyline . Wasent like the same ol' love story stuff.Also makes ya wan na visit Tuscany !
 I thought this movie was great . If you are one of those that has faith and hope in things this is the movie for you ! Diane Lane was great and I hope she gets and Oscar nomination for this roll ! My boyfriend even liked the movie which says alot he 's picky on everything . If you have n't seen it I suggest you do . I liked it so much it made me want to actually get the book and read it and I am not big on reading books at all .
 What 's the problem with you people ? I think this is the best romantic film made in the last 5 years.The storyline is splendid -LRB- at least this one has a story , not like any other film -RRB- and also veryyyy beautiful scenery
 Yes i 'm a guy and yes i enjoy chic flicks from time to time , so sue me.This is a good film from Diane Lane -LRB- best known for her great performance in Unfaithful -RRB- which was also the first flim i recall her having a main staring role.I wo n't get in to deep to the story but she is a recent divorcy , whom feels she ca n't go on living in San Fransico , so her 2 gay lesbian friends convince her to go on an all gay trip to tuscan -LRB- italy -RRB- . While there she becomes intrigued by a 300 year old italian home , mind you nothing works , and its in pretty sad shape.So she hires contractor 's to help her with her project , and all along the way she runs into various men whom you think she 'll develop an attraction to and maybe more but it never pan 's out.So thats all i 'll give for now , watch for yourself.Although it seems a little slow in places it 's an entertaining little piece of film none the less .
 I believe this movie is truly uplifting . If you are in need of a good movie to put your life in perspective , and to show you that your life never really ends after tragic events , but continues if you let it , then this movie is for you . The ideas of letting go of our guilt and other ugly things that tie us to worldly possessions , and just going out on a limb to experience a new life - is a romantic and exciting idea . Who would n't want to move to someplace as beautiful as Tuscany and to meet characters that truly understand the meaning of Life and letting our inner spirits thrive . This movie is not boring , and is just a wonderful story depicting how amazing life can be , if you only stop and appreciate the wonders of it .
 Because I really liked this movie.I am not a movie snob , but I like to watch things that do n't make me feel horrid , and I like to watch movies that let me think that there is redemption and love and happiness . I know that things work out remarkably well when you are beautiful and have a script writer to make sure that they work out well , but my simple mind can forgive these transgressions of logic.The premise of the movie , for what it is worth , is entirely viable . As a worker bee who enjoys his job , I would have a hard time renouncing my home and buying a villa in Tuscany . That being said , when we got to that part of the movie , I did say
 Package arrived quickly , securely packaged and in condition as stated by seller . This item is a movie dvd . Have n't found the time to watch it yet so can not comment on quality of dvd itself . I am sure its fine as it was sold as a new dvd . Would purchase from this seller again .
 Great movie.Got it as a gift.Loved it so much , I bought copies for my friends.Must see .
 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN is a wonderful comedy . It had me laughing so much I was crying ! Diane Lane is wonderful and the story , scenery and handsome Italian guy are real gems of beauty . A beautiful film in every way . Recommended very much . 5 stars all the way !
 It flies by with laughs aplenty . Enthusiastic and superbly made comedy-romance . Under the Tuscan Sun is a superbly made comedy-romance and it has heart and soul in abundance . It is also the kind of film that cries out to be seen on the big screen . The scenery and the food share -LRB- yummy ! -RRB- lot absolutely breathtaking . The glorious , sun-soaked cinematography is by a Geoffrey Simpson who does a fantastic job . Director Audrey Wells gives us a pleasant change of scenery with very enjoyable companions some cool twists and turns and very warm and entertaining movie . Diane Lane is at the top of her game here and carries the film with vitality and enthusiasm . In ending - Under the Tuscan Sun is a very fresh and enjoyable comedy with a wonderful confidence in itself . The stars and scenery are top class and the film flies by with laughs aplenty - just what we want in a good vacation - and a very good film . Recommended .
 After watching UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN , I 'm ready to pack my bags . What a lovely movie ! This film reminds me of a Rosemund Pilcher novel ; you sort of know what is going to happen yet the ride is very sweet and beautiful . Plus , you know there will be no shoot-outs , rapes , murders , or real evil people to upset the viewer . This film is about a broken young woman who is given a tour of Tuscany . Impetuously she buys a run down villa and hires three Polish gentlemen to repair it . Is this what my High School English teacher called a metaphor ? As the beautiful villa is repaired , so is Francis ' soul . This film is about friends , relationships , love and healing . Diane Lane is absolutely wonderful , such a great actress . This movie will tug at your heart , a marvelous fairy-tale where everyone lives happily ever after ! I absolutely loved this movie !
 I loved this film . I loved the book . I love Italy!I read Francis Mayes book Under the Tuscan Sun just before I went to Italy the first time in 1997 . I 've been back several times since . I ca n't help it . The country and the people draw me back . I can relate to Mayes need for a home there . When I first heard of a movie being made based on the book , I anxiously awaited its release . Even knowing that there would be creative license used to relate the book to film , I was never worried about the outcome . I knew it would be a beautiful film . I 'm not disappointed.Some of the situations and set up have changed to suit the film format , but these were all done well . What remains is the essence of the book . The essence of Italy . How it makes you fall in love with history . How it makes you fall in love with simple and flavorful food . How it makes you fall in love with the beautiful Italian people . How it makes you fall in love with the beautiful countryside and rolling hills filled with olives and grapes.They 've attached a simple story line to the movie , but its roots go much deeper . Watch it for the good romantic movie that it is , but look closer . Listen to the words . See the people , old and young that move through the story . Look at the scenery . It really does look like that . Everywhere . Read the book and go see the movie again . I am .
 I groaned at the prospect of seeing this film when my girlfriend insisted we go and watch it . `` A rom-com ! '' I thought . Well , I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed this film . It was well made . The story had me engrossed from beginning to end . There were none of the usual cliches and melodramatics . The dialogue was crisp and believable . Diane Lane acted brilliantly and gives another Oscar worthy performance . The supporting cast were very amusing . The scenery was perhaps the most beautiful I have seen in a feature film . The ending was good . And most of all ... it was n't just funny ... it was absolutely hilarious in parts . I was laughing so much ! Despite my doubts before seeing it - I think this is one of the finest comedies I have seen in a long , long time . Kudos to all involved .
 A truly magnificent movie . Diane Lane shines in her role as Frances Mayes in this funny , sweet , enjoyable piece of great entertainment . The director makes this movie so engrossing and enjoyable that it is impossible to not be drawn into the wonderfully realized 3D characters and the brilliant played out scenes . The scenic locations help and so does the likable characters . Make no mistake ... this is a magnificent movie .
 Genuinely funny and moving - exceptional film.This is an exceptional film that shows that no matter what life throws at you , the human spirit can survive and make a comeback . I love films that show you the inner strength of the human spirit and peoples faith . The film is genuinely affecting - it is funny , very moving and it looks exceptional on a big screen . Most of all though this film entertains without resorting to cliches and melodrama . Diane Lane is exceptional and deserves Oscar recognition for creating such a three dimensional and believable heroine . The acting from everyone is first rate and the direction is fresh and infectious . An exceptional film !
 A beautiful gem of a film . It is a complete film that everyone will get something out of . A really fantastic and wonderful movie . The casting was great with Diane Lane giving an Oscar worthy performance to follow-up her Oscar nominated hit `` Unfaithful '' . The scenery is fantastic and the story is wonderful . A real gem ! Recommended as a great date movie !
 Tuscany is perhaps my favorite place on Earth , and I 've been a fan of Diane Lane at least since Lonesome Dove , so when I heard she was starring in the film version of Frances Mayes ' `` Under the Tuscan Sun , '' I said , `` I 'm there ! '' Lane -- in her first film as the sole over-the-title star -- gives her usual lovely , fresh and graceful performance in a genial and charming film . Mayes gave writer-director Audrey Wells total permission to create a plot where the original book had none ; while Wells plays fast and free with the details of Mayes ' life -LRB- for example , Mayes already had a second husband when she bought Bramasole -RRB- , Mayes certainly does n't seem to mind , so we should n't either . Wells ' plot has a lot of humor , a little heartbreak , a wisecracking lesbian best friend -LRB- Sandra Oh -RRB- , a flamboyant English actress -LRB- Lindsay Duncan -RRB- , an enigmatic old man -LRB- Mario Monicelli -RRB- , and a pair of incredibly adorable teenage lovers , along with a childbirth , fields of glowing sunflowers and many sumptuous Italian meals . Basically , `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is a charming , pretty movie about charming , pretty people doing charming , pretty things . That does n't make a masterpiece , but it does make an extremely pleasant way to pass two hours . -LRB- Note
 This is a beautifully filmed romantic movie about a woman searching for meaning in her life after her life is turned upside down by her husband 's infidelity and subsequent divorce . It has moments of humor as well as emotional intensity . It is well acted for the most part with characters that are believable in their parts . And the scenery is truly stunning . My husband accompanied me to see the movie very grudgingly . But he actually watched the entire movie , laughing at the funny parts , and after the movie was over he admitted that he enjoyed it . Children will have no interest in this movie , but it is great for couples .
 A great actress and beautiful scenery . It is good to watch a woman coming into her own and growing strong from from what can be a devistating loss . Women will love this and men should watch it at least once .
 It 's not that the story line was a surprise . Things played out pretty much as expected , but it was a pleasant little movie and one I believe you would enjoy watching . Diane Lane -LRB- `` Laurie darlin ' '' fromLonesome Dove -RRB- does a convincing job with the lead role . You ca n't help but like this character .
 This is a great movie . Views of the Tuscan towns and other scenery make you want to hop on a plane for Italy . The movie content was both funny , entertaining , and a travel advertisement .
 This is the rare film that is just okay the first time you watch it , then pretty good the second time , really fun the third , and a pure pleasure the fourth and every time thereafter . The first time I saw this film , I found it to be a somewhat mediocre mid-life crisis story -LRB- which I ca n't really appreciate , being only 25 -RRB- . Now , though , it 's one of my all-time favorite films.Most of this is owed to Diane Lane and the stunning scenery of Italy , which seems itself a character in the film . There 's something extraordinary about watching a person overcome her own total destruction , as Frances does . Furthermore , while I generally hate `` journey of self-discovery '' movies , this one works simply because it recognizes two truths
 I am a great fan of Diane Lane . This movie reminds me of Must Love Dogs . Diane Lane is recently divorced , and trying to figure out where to go from here . She knows what she wants , just not how to get it . Its about finding happiness and confidence again , only not how she thought she would . You will fall in love with all the characters . It is a real feel good movie .
 This is one of my all time favorites ! I have watched it many times over . Highly recommend . Feel good movie . Beautiful to look at . Wonderful story . Makes me want to be there .
 The first time I watched Under the Tuscan Sun , my high school boyfriend had broken up with me . It was one of those times when a young girl realizes she 's lost her so-called true love . -LRB- I 'm better off without him , all these years later . -RRB- This movie helped my mood improve tenfold . I adore Diane Lane 's character and her ability to overcome troubles at home and find a brand new , more fulfilling life in Italy . I was inspired by this film and opted to study abroad in Tuscany during college to discover , for myself , all the beauty Italy truly has to offer . Ever since I was introduced to Under the Tuscan Sun , I have always turned to this film to brighten my mood and pick me up when I 'm down . It 's my go to for any bad day or argument with a loved one . I hope this review helps and this film could be someone else 's pick me up in the same way that it is mine .
 Destined to be a favorite of yours as well , I 'm sure . It has everything a chick flick should have ... romance , finding strength , empowering substance . If you did n't think you could survive life 's pitfalls before ... this movie will give you the strength to keep on keepin ' on ! Funny , entertaining , ensightful and empowering , this movie is a bowl of popcorn and a bottle of wine away from being a classic !
 The reason I ordered this movie is because I absolutely love it and wanted to have my own copy to watch whenever I wanted . I also appreciate the low prices of movies on Amazon .
 What ever is the problem with the people who do not appreciate this wonderful film . They really need to lighten up . Realism this film is not but whats wrong with that ? Sometimes we all need a couple hours of escape from this terrible world and it is a terrible world . But occasionally there are some bright moments and this film is one of them . Also check out Dame Maggie Smith 's turn in the Tuscan sun in My House in Umbria . Diane Lane should have been Oscar nominated but this film but this film is consolation enough for her and for us . It is sublime .
 A very sexy and entertaining film . Sure , this film is heartwarming and inspiring . It is also funny and pleasant . BUT it is also sexy , very sexy infact ! And it is very enjoyable and entertaining . 5 stars !
 Under the Tuscan Sun is for every woman , 71 and younger , who has ever been in love , and for most men who have been lovers ! You will want to see this movie . Under the Tuscan Sun is fresh and fun and full of beauty . Everyone is a Star ! You can look into the heart of everyone in this film . There are no secrets . Sadly , there is infidelity , greed , fornication , lesbians who are lacking in their ` great love ' commitment ... why are we not surprised ... but in each of these situations there is a moral teaching at the finish line . There are cads , both American and Italian , but there are wonderful men who can be trusted . There are women who hold on to life for all they are worth!The scenery will more than take your breath away - you will actually stop breathing ! The house ! The house ! It is incredible . You will want to buy the house ! You will love the workmen ! You will want to hire the workmen ! The food ! The food ! You will want Italian food for the rest of your life . Get out the pasta pot!Is it enough for me to say that I saw Under the Tuscan Sun opening day as a ` chick-flick ' with a friend then called my husband , paid twice , and sat though the next showing ? I am 71 . My husband is 76 . It was worth coming home and planning a trip to Tuscany .
 Superficially , this movie is indeed sappy . However , look beneath the surface.What I see is that Diane Lane 's character is playing the Superego . Sandra Oh plays the ego . And the Fellini Fatale is playing pure ID.They all play their part to explain love , despair , dissappointment and lust.The buying and remodeling an old house is just like cleaning out the cobwebs upstairs . Clean house to move something new in.I believe this movie is made more for what it is representing than what is flat out shows you.It is a good psychological study of the human mind and the ups and downs that it goes through in a lifetime .
 ... this film is pleasant and somewhat predictable . Not groundbreaking , thought-provoking , or masterful by any stretch of the imagination . But it is seldom boring , and no egregious cringe-inducing moments that I remember.The ending was far less Hollywood-cheesy than I feared when I read the plot description and glowing reviews from God-awful flaky film critics like Jeffery Lyons . That it is set in the scenic , cultural , and sensual gorgeousness of southern Italy helps IMMEASURABLY . After all , just imagine the same film shot in the muddy brown waters of the American Gulf coast , for example ... gag!This would make for an excellent date movie , plenty of moments conducive to making out and heavy petting , etc. . Also makes you want to go move to Italy regardless of your gender .
 I was half expecting a schlocky , sentimental romance fest as I rented `` Under the Tuscan Sun . '' But I was pleasantly suprised with this low-key , wonderfully felt adaptation of Frances Mayes ' recollections of her time in the Tuscan countryside . This film depends on the performance of Diane Lane -LRB- as Mayes -RRB- , who , even though she can manage to look stunning in a ratty t-shirt , still comes off as down to earth and approachable , someone who seems to be inviting you into her life . That 's what she does in this film . After she discovers her husband is cheating on her , Frances -LRB- Lane -RRB- falters but then accepts a ticket to Tuscany from one of her gay friends . Admittedly , the trajectory from there is predicatable -- she rennovates a Tuscan villa while at the same time rennovating her life , which includes meeting a new man . But the film is more about Frances ' self-discovery , experiencing life , and getting her own inner life back on track . The film is also beautifully shot -- how could it not be beautiful if the location is Tuscany ? I would recommend this one -- a lovely film !
 This film was a pleasant surprise . I figured there would be plenty of beautiful landscape -LRB- which there was -RRB- and I figured I would enjoy a nice romantic story . As it turns out , the story is a story of love , romantic love included of course , but also about the love of friends and family . The story centers around Frances , who after a bitter divorce , ends up in Italy and becomes drawn to an Italian villa that is a bit of a fixer-upper . On a whim , she buys the place and with a motley crew of workers , begins to restore the home . Slowly she begins to really live again , meeting kind neighbors and villagers and eventually finding romance . Diane Lane does a great job as Frances and the supporting cast does well with their roles too . I definitely plan to buy this on dvd .
 Diane Lane is always welcome . She is a great actress with impecable range -LRB- just watch Unfaithful -RRB- and she has the power and strength to carry a film on her shoulders . She 's like the female version of Russell Crowe -LRB- and just about as hot -RRB- . Anyways , this review is not about Diane , but about Under the Tuscan Sun . The film was not what I expected . This is not your tipical ` chick flick ' as so many have labled it . It 's a drama about finding the stregth inside to move on and live a better life . To give yourself credit where credit is due and to take chances even when your afraid . Let fate step in and roll with the punches . What is so great about this film is that as you watch you see how Frances grows with each obsticle that befalls her . You see Frances -LRB- Lane -RRB- is going through a divorce because her husband left her for a younger woman . Her husband ends up buying the house from her and after being urged to take her lesbian friends gay tour of Italy she uses the money she gained from the sale of her house to purchase a villa in Tuscany . From that point on it 's one journey after another , from the reconstruction of her home to falling in love all over again , but it will not end like you 'd assume so do n't get too depressed thinking this is another love story . It 's far from it . THis is a story about finding yourself , not about finding a man .
 I recently finished watching the movie Under the Tuscan Sun a few hours ago and I 'm proud to say that it was quite good . It 's not one of my favourites but I liked how ... unconventional it was . It was n't your `` classic '' cliched romantic comedy . I really loved that about it . Diane Lane 's performance , in my opinion , was one of the best I 've seen in a film this year . It 's rare for me to enjoy a movie , especially one that is , in places , narrated but it was truly a great movie to watch . It takes place in Italy and as I recall most of the production crew was Italian , which I thought was a very good idea for who knows Italy better than the people who live there ? The cast was an interesting array of talented men and women . I especially liked Sandra Oh as Patti and Lindsay Duncan as Katherine . The script was my favourite part of the entire film although the setting was beautiful and the cast well chosen . I think the only thing that I did n't like about it was that I could n't connect with it personally , which says absolutely nothing about the movie . When it comes right down to it , I would have to say that I would recommend this movie to just about anyone .
 This is a wonderful movie for those who have experienced loss , pain , and are on the road to the amazing good things that can happen ... and do ... in life ! I loved this movie and just bought a copy for myself and my sister , who is a hopeful -LRB- and married -RRB- romantic ! Very insipirational and moving for me . Would recommend it to my best friend !
 Frances -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- is a writer who has just gone through a nasty divorce . Disgruntled in San Francisco , she finds that her friend 's insistence that she take a trip to Tuscany is a blessing in disguise . But Frances does n't just stay for a touristy trip-she impulsively falls in love with a old villa and thus begins her life in Italy . This new life , it turns out , is the best thing Frances could have . In a quiet , gradual way she begins to deal with her divorce and finds lessons , friends , love , and a beautiful new existence.I did n't expect much from `` Under the Tuscan Sun . '' It sounded fairly dippy and a bit too cute . I was sure it would be one of those movies that tries maniacally hard to tug at your heartstrings and becomes intolerable for that reason . But , wonder of wonders , it was n't ! Somehow , Diane Lane captured her character perfectly . Frances -LRB- or Francesca , as she was known in Italy -RRB- seemed like someone to root for . She did n't usually look or dress like a movie star-much of the time in the movie she wore old flannel shirts and a scraggly ponytail-and reacted to her new life and friends as we ourselves might . Frances alternately blunders , rejoices , makes unwise romantic decisions , yet somehow comes out right . No matter what the film moment , Lane knew what to deliver , and this helped the film move along naturally and smoothly.I also enjoyed the somewhat unpredictable nature of this movie . Yes , I knew from the start that things were going to end up somewhat happily at the end , but really did n't know how . And that was one of the big reasons why I liked `` Under the Tuscan Sun . '' Its rambling pace just seemed so natural , and the fact that Frances 's life takes quirky little dips and dives makes the movie all the better . You really `` sink into '' the film , and watching the lives of Frances and her friends change feels interesting , realistic , and fun . Another aspect of the plot that I greatly enjoyed was that Frances 's love life was NOT picture perfect ! She seemed so much more likeable then . -LRB- Will say no more about this , as do not want to spoil plot -RRB- . No , `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is nothing that will win an Academy Award . But it 's warm , pleasurable , and the next best thing to an Italian vacation .
 I greatly enjoyed watching this film . Diane Lane played a very likable and convincing divorc&eacute;e who moves to Italy on a whim . The viewer falls in love with Tuscany as it unfolds for Lane 's character , writer Frances Mayes . The film 's themes are familiar
 As the glass ceilings disappear , the sun shines every brightly . Congratulations to the women and men who shine under the Tuscan sun . There are many wonderful moments in this empathetic , loving film . The characters are drawn together by a series of seemingly individual hardships -LRB- divorce , single parenthood , government supression , poverty , refugee status , materialism , prejudice , depression ... the list can go on -RRB- . Their involvement in the refurbishment of an historic villa -LRB- honor the past and serve the needs of the present ? -RRB- allows us to see their common humanity and presents us with whole people , not charicatures.Many have acknowledged Diane Lane 's fine performance here . I found truth in each character and in myself the ability to empathize freely with each one.The director/writer/everything created a tour de force opportunity for every actor in this film and I believed each one of them.Just for myself - special thanks to Sandra Oh from a fellow 2nd generation Korean.Aloha and enjoy the warm sun of this movie . It shines on anyone who would step out of the shade .
 I loved Keaton in `` Something 's Got ta Give , '' but I truly feel that Lane was gypped this year at the Golden Globes . Although not the superior film , `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' turns out to be a `` Golden '' ray of sunshine , and 99 % is because of Lane . She bares the entire weight of this film on her back and never flounders even once ; a truly stunning performance -LRB- and oh the beauty that she is ! -RRB- This is a must see not only for Lane , but also for the spectacular scenery that will have you running for your travel agent .
 This movie is for the dreamers of the world . It is not the sappy love story I was looking for , but it was inspiring . Even though it was n't totally belieavable , it made me feel great about being a woman ! Diane Lane is a very wonderful , talented , sexy woman who is a great role model for all women .
 A great film with a great actress in DIANE LANEThis is one of the most entertaining and enjoyable films that I have seen all year . The acting by Oscar nominee DIANE LANE -LRB- Unfaithful , Perfect Storm -RRB- is magical and she deservedly won a Golden Globe for her performance in this great movie about finding a second chance . It is so well mad and so well observed . The humor is very good and there are several hilarious bits and some very touching and powerful bits too . I loved this film and felt that it passed the two hours so well and nicely . The story was heartwarming and the visual style and scenery was breath-taking . This is a great movie with the great DIANE LANE in great form . A brilliant movie that is n't too slushy . Just right !
 A great film with a great actress in DIANE LANEThis is one of the most entertaining and enjoyable films that I have seen all year . The acting by Oscar nominee DIANE LANE -LRB- Unfaithful , Perfect Storm -RRB- is magical and she deservedly won a Golden Globe for her performance in this great movie about finding a second chance . It is so well mad and so well observed . The humor is very good and there are several hilarious bits and some very touching and powerful bits too . I loved this film and felt that it passed the two hours so well and nicely . The story was heartwarming and the visual style and scenery was breath-taking . This is a great movie with the great DIANE LANE in great form . A brilliant movie that is n't too slushy . Just right !
 This is one of the best movies i have seen in a while . I rented this and Lost in Translation at the same time and slept through most of Lost in Translation but thoroughly enjoyed this one . I would say that its a bit of a chicflic , but a must own ! Diane Lane is fabulous .
 I just rented this movie and loved it !!! Now please keep in mind that I had a day off work , much wine , a whole afternoon away from my husband - so I would have to vote this pic as a chick flick ... On second thought , many men might benefit from the harsh emotions associated with divorce and heart felt love displayed through the female lead.Regardless , this move makes you weep and makes you laugh - what else could you ask for on a day off ?
 I thought this was a great movie - for one , the Tuscan landscape was breathtaking . For another , I thought the storyline , while somewhat predictable , was still original from a lot of the movies that are out there . It definitely falls under the `` chick flick '' category , but if you 're not the type to get into the `` emotional '' `` love story '' type movies , this may not be your cup of tea . I however , love movies that really let you get into the characters and feel great at the end .
 Despite so many negative reviews , I actually found the movie charming and intelligent . The character of Francis is one of hope , disappointment , independence , and fortitude.After a painful divorce , Francis takes a trip to Tuscany via a Gay tour group -LRB- trip was a gift from her best friend , Patty , who is a lesbian expecting a baby -RRB- and while in her travels , impulsively purchases a villa in the village of Cortona . The place needs a lot of work , but Francis accepts that she just ca n't return to the US and trudges on to fix up her new home.During the course of finding herself in a foreign country , Francis also wants a second chance at love . The movie introduces several possible men into the story and allows us to question if `` this guy is the one '' . Francis eventually meets a man while in Rome named Marcello -LRB- played very handsome by Raoul Bova -RRB- and this affair ignites the passions and hopefulness that Francis has been lacking for so long.The affair with Marcello predictably ends and now Francis is caught up with the birth of Patty 's baby and the budding love affair between a neighbor 's daughter and one of the workmen she has hired to do home renovations.The ending is unique . The dreams that Francis originally wanted for her life is not exactly what she had hoped for . Ultimately , what she ended up with is a life far better!Besides the stereotypical ` Chick-flick '' mentality , the movie has real life lessons and points to us that sometimes slowing down and appreciating what really matters in life is what makes us happy - love , family , good food , good friends , and hope !
 HI i rented the vhs today at hollywood video and i was disapointed in the movie . you had to see it on big screen in the theaters not on small Screen . the scenery and the story line is not the same without the wide and clearer picture.But after all i do give 100 % A + for the acting and the brief sex and pregnancy and everything else that happens . And they do n't make fun of the Gay community durring certain scenes with Diane in the Gay Tuscany tour group . very well done and if i was a girl i 'd fall for the Italian dude too . but I 'm a guy . I Totally LOVE THIS MOVIE but again only on theater screen .
 what a wonderful movie . it just made me want to move to italy and become catholic , it had a pretty score , and very delightful characters , and handyman `` pawel '' is so so HOT . it starts out so sad , i mean , she not only finds out here husband is cheating on her , but he divorces her and takes alimony aka her house . you feel like she is going to die , and i have been there where you have been dumped on so badly , but a good choice she made by going to italy , becuase everything turns from extremely bad to very good , the smile on my face did n't leave the entire time from when she went to italy , and what a wonderful way of putting `` gay issues '' into a movie , it even shows wonderful san francisco for the first 20 minutes of the film . i saw this movie 4 times in the theater , and i am so so so excited for the dvd to be released .
 The scenery alone is reason to spend your evening with this movie . Tuscany , Rome , Naples ... The ability to see things about life that might not look exactly like you expected but are exactly what you hoped for was a great lesson . I want to sit down and eat one of Frances ' meals ! Wow , this was a fulfilling movie !
 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN is such a lovely and beautiful film . It has so much funny comedy , dry wit , and wonderful scenery that it is practically faultless . Oscar nominee DIANE LANE -LRB- Unfaithful , Perfect Storm -RRB- gives yet another great performance . This is one of the best and most beautiful films I 've ever seen !
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies . I highly recommend it . Notice , especially , the actor Vincent Riotta , He steals the show with his quiet power .
 Wonderful story about a woman who reclaims her life . Great &#34; feel good movie &#34; . I love how all her dreams come true !
 As always a good old favorite with an afternoon with a cup of tea , love the landscapes and brings back my trip to Italy
 The DVD came on time and in great condition . This was a replacement DVD because I accidentally broke my first one . I was so glad to get this DVD at such a great price .
 I saw this when I was on a cruise in Italy and recommended it highly . I purchased this as a gift from the Amazom wish list .
 Diane Lane is so wonderful in this movie and it is a feel good movie for all women that have loved and lost ... It is really , really a great chick flick !! ... I ca n't imagine anyone other than Diane Lane playing this part . . She is perfect for it !!
 Breathtakingly beautiful movie with exceptional performance by Diane Lane ... if you are into romantic chic flicks , this is a must have for your DVD library : -RRB-
 I loved this movie ! If you ever traveled to Italy or wanted too , you will dive right into story and get lost in the country and and want to purchase your own Bramasole ! Diane Lane is great in this . I wish they 'd make a sequel , did n't want it to end .
 This film is heaven on earth . There is not a more visually beautiful film that I have seen this year -LRB- and that includes `` The Return Of The King '' -RRB- . It was so beautiful to look at and watch . DIANE LANE was mesmerizing in the star role as Frances Mayes , and she continues to show what a great Oscar caliber actress she is . She was good in `` Unfaithful '' and she is as good in `` Tuscan Sun '' . The supporting characters are fun and quirky . The story is heartfelt and entertaining and all in all it is a winning formula . `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' is a very well made and enjoyable movie with amazing visuals and a great central performance by the great DIANE LANE . 10 out of 10 .
 After suffering from boredom watching `` Lost in Translation '' I needed to see a film that would lift my spirit and I found `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' . I LOVED that movie ! It was like dipping in a pool of cool spring water . Diane Lane is absolutely fantastic . All the range of emotions are there and she is playing all of them just right and with so much ease . That 's what I call a great actress ! And if we add the breathtaking images of Tuscany , we have a jewel of a film !
 I do n't understand what so many reviewers found offensive about this film ! Maybe they just missed the point.The cinamatography is phenomenal ! Simply breath-taking , but do n't miss the `` moral '' of the story . It 's so simple and yet so true and poinient ! Yes , many awful things happen to Diane Lane 's character , but the point of it all is that she comes out on top ! She goes through the terrible relationship with her husband , the Italian ... but then she spends time by herself and she finds out who SHE TRULY IS and feels GREAT about herself WITHOUT having a man , and THEN a love interest shows up at the end -LRB- although it 's not implicatly said , he is her `` true love '' -RRB- . The moral
 Oscar nominee DIANE LANE -LRB- Unfaithful , The Perfect Storm -RRB- gives another wonderful performance in this beautiful and enjoyable movie . DIANE LANE plays Frances Mayes , a woman who is recovering from a tragic divorce and depression . On a whim she goes to Tuscany and starts to rebuild her life . The story does n't sound original but the makers have avoided the cliches and done a very nice job in making the film feel different and yet engrossing . It is entertainment at it 's best , and it has amazing scenery and a winning perfomance by all of the actors in the funny and quirky supporting roles . It is funny and quite sexy in places and especially DIANE LANE is wonderful in this film . Excellent . 5 stars !
 This visual feast of a romantic comedy stars the lovely and earthy Diane Lane as Frances , who sets off for a Tuscan vacation after her divorce . Once there , she falls in love with the place , buys a broken-down villa , and proceeds to merrily fix it up , with the help of all the usual village stereotypes . She is longing for love and finds it , as well as peace and happiness.This is the quintessential chick-flick about a plucky heroine who can do anything and is surrounded by loveable characters . What separates this film from the ordinary romantic comedy is Diane Lane 's strong screen presence and her talent ; she is utterly believable as the spunky , lusty , modern woman with stars in her eyes . The exquisite location photography could well start a boom in Tuscan tourism . Heartily recommended .
 Under The Tuscan Sun is one of those great movies that you can just sit back , kick-off your shoes and relax while you watch it . The acting , dialog , script and scenery are all top class . A very entertaining and enjoyable ride . Recommended .
 I have n't read the book , and from reviews I 've read , if you 've read the book , the movie seems to fall short . But if you take this movie as a visually stunning masterpiece , you wo n't be disappointed . There are so many subtleties that capture the essence of the story without actually spelling it out for you . And it 's NOT a typical romantic comedy . It 's more a story about LOVE and life , appreciating what you have and finding the beauty in the smallest things . The humor is charming , the images extraordinary . Diane Lane is SUPERB in her role , and all the characters are endearing . This is a heart-warming , captivating movie that should be experienced by everyone !
 I loved this film . I loved the book . I love Italy!I read Francis Mayes book Under the Tuscan Sun just before I went to Italy the first time in 1997 . I 've been back several times since . I ca n't help it . The country and the people draw me back . I can relate to Mayes need for a home there . When I first heard of a movie being made based on the book , I anxiously awaited its release . Even knowing that there would be creative license used to relate the book to film , I was never worried about the outcome . I knew it would be a beautiful film . I 'm not disappointed.Some of the situations and set up have changed to suit the film format , but these were all done well . What remains is the essence of the book . The essence of Italy . How it makes you fall in love with history . How it makes you fall in love with simple and flavorful food . How it makes you fall in love with the beautiful Italian people . How it makes you fall in love with the beautiful countryside and rolling hills filled with olives and grapes.They &#65533; ve attached a simple story line to the movie , but its roots go much deeper . Watch it for the good romantic movie that it is , but look closer . Listen to the words . See the people , old and young that move through the story . Look at the scenery . It really does look like that . Everywhere . Read the book and go see the movie again . I am .
 I absolutely love this film . I have watched this movie so many times , it is just a feel great movie that gives a lasting impression of not only Italy , but the way a place can lift you up and become part of you when you least expect it . The charactors are engaging and I appreciated the fact that Frances was able to pick herself up and find humor in the many things that fell unexpectedly on her lap . I also read the book and found the movie much more entertaining . I do n't buy a lot of DVD 's , but I certainly bought this one , and anytime I 'm feeling low I pop it in the DVD player and lose myself in this film . I also live in Italy and have visited most of the places portrayed in the film . I can honestly say that this is truely the way Italians live , appreciating life and all it has to offer on a level that most Americans do n't understand . I love the deleted scenes and the making of the film included on the DVD . I recommend this to anyone looking for a lighthearted , good natured film with charactors that you can empathize with .
 We saw this movie in the theater , and we absolutely loved it . We did n't want this movie to end . The scenery was wonderful . Anyone who has toured the Italian countryside or spent any time in Italy , would probably agree . The movie was funny , and whimsical with very moving parts as Diane Lane , who played the main character , reinvented her post divorce life in a new country .
 This is simply one of the best examples ever of a genre I like to call `` kissy-face , '' nothing negative implied!There comes a time when you just want to see a film where there is no violence , no blood , no horror , no significant meaning -- just pure , decadent entertainment . That 's what `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is like -- a wonderful box of chocolates where every chocolate is your favorite flavor . Some call this genre `` chick flicks '' -- so be it.The story is pure , simple fluff , and not even original at that . Diane Lane -LRB- perfect in the role -RRB- plays a scorned woman , not too young , but far from old , who purchases a broken-down villa in Tuscany , Italy , on pure whim . Does it make sense ? No ! Is it perfectly believable ? Yes ! As she sets out to save the villa from utter ruin and turn it into a liveable residence , she finds herself involved with a crazy group of Polish emigrants , who not only speak poor English , but poor Italian as well . They have been hired to remodel the villa.Then there 's a crazy but fabulous real estate woman who fancies herself a character in a Fellini movie -- and then some . Our heroine has definitely bitten off more than she can chew , but at least she does n't have much time to think of the cad back home who dumped her . So does she find true love and live happily ever after ? I wo n't tell you , but the lush , gorgeous , breathtaking panorama of Tuscany is worth the price of the movie no matter what the plot -- and the plot is just icing on the cake.It is n't `` smart , '' it is n't intellectual , it does n't have much of a plot , it makes no sense at all -- but `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is just perfect .
 Ok , the story may be a little slow and unrealistic and all that , but I actually enjoyed it . Movies that are slow-paced without containing violence or a murder du jour are refreshing in this day and age . Plus the scenery ca n't be beat . Debbie Farmer , syndicated parenting author of , ` Do n't Put Lipstick on the Cat '
 Very Heart Warming . A must have for EVERYONE !!
 Under the Tuscan Sun was such an enjoyable movie.Diane Lane is just great in the starring role .
 I 'll buy if for nothing more than Sandra Oh . She is funnier than a barrel of chinese monkeys . Ca n't wait to see the scorpion fall down lane 's blouse either . Wonder if she gets stung or her bum is boiled by the loo .
 Interesting and different . An excellent date movie with plenty of comedy and romance , a good story , great scenery and great acting . Recommended .
 We loved this film . Funny and entertaining it 's a fantastic little gem of a film . Diane Lane is awesome and the Tuscan country looks beautiful .
 Diane Lane is amazing in this lovely , joyful romp through the glorious Tuscany region of Italy . This is a heartfelt and deeply affecting film that will live on long after the final credits have rolled . This film will make you go home and pack your bags for the beautiful scenery on view . The acting is top-notch with Diane Lane giving yet another Oscar calibre performance -LRB- remember last years ' `` Unfaithful '' ?! -RRB- and she carries the film really well . Everyone else I saw this film with absolutely loved it and I 'm sure it will be a big hit if given the chance . It deserves to be as it is a really enjoyable and lovely romp through Tuscany and all it 's charms . Highly recommended indeed .
 `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' was fabulous from start to finish . It is the ultimate date movie and the ultimate feel-good film . The movie looks like $ 100 million dollars and Diane Lane gives another Academy Award worthy performance -LRB- she was last seen as Best Actress Oscar nominee in `` Unfaithful '' -RRB- . This really is a fun , warm , feel-good film that has something for everyone . Great movie and very highly recommended .
 This was a beautiful movie . I do n't cry every time I see it or anything , but it is truly wonderful . If you have ever been hurt by love or wondered why you havent fallen in love this is the movie for you
 I have watched this film over and over again . It 's a feel good story that uplifts the spirit and senses . Looking at all the tantalizing foods , backdrops of Italy , and simple pleasures of the region , one could almost believe they were in Tuscany when watching . On a personal note , theres a small part in the movie when our lead charecter Francis is given a statue of San Lorenzo . This scene actualy led me to learn about San Lorenzo and he is now one of my most favorite saints . I searched all over until I finaly found a statue of my own . This movie touched me in so many ways , I hope your experience seeing it touches you too . Enjoy .
 This movie spoke to my heart . Many women fight similar battles , there are few female winners - it 's still a man 's world -LRB- for the record , I am a woman and I like men , nonetheless ! -RRB- . This is a story of one woman 's triumph - not a man-bashing tale , but one of self-discovery , of a woman who carries on , who neither blames nor credits others -LRB- male or female -RRB- for her defeats or victories . She simply opens her heart and her mind to positive possibilties . It is not a fairytale , but rather a manual . Would that we be willing and able to follow these instructions ...
 I do n't know , but it seems a lot of people do n't like this movie ! Why ? Because they do n't like the feel good feeling at then end ? I mean , sure , usually the book is ten times better than the movie , but come on , this movie should be at least a four ! When you read a book , and than a movie comes out based on it , do n't expect it to be as good as the book , because it very rarely is . Even the movie Lord of the Rings was n't as good as the book for some people . And if you look at movies like Harry Potter , Ella Enchanted , Bourne Supremacy ... . a lot of these movies are n't better than the book . So , if you have read the book , and you are thinking about seeing the movie , my advice to you is try not to expect too much . Think of the movie seperate from the book . By the way , I only rated this movie five stars because I think some people should lighten up , and watch a nice , family movie for a change .
 ILOVED THIS MOVIE !!!! THE WIDESCREEN DVD VERSION REALLY TAKES IN THE BREATHTAKING SCENERY , AND THE BEAUTIFUL COLORS IN THE LANDSCAPE . THIS MOVIE REALLY DREW ME IN FROM THE BEGINNING , AND IT REALLY BROUGHT OUT EMOTIONS RANGING FROM SADNESS AT THE BEGINNING OF HER DIVORCE , HAPPINESS IN WHEN SHE BEGINS HER NEW LIFE IN TUSCANY AND MEET THE `` EYE CANDY '' , ANGER OVER HOW SHE IS TREATED , AND TEARY-EYED AT THE BITTERSWEET ENDING OF THIS MOVIE . YEP , THIS IS DEFINITELY A KEEPER !!!!!! I REALLY DO N'T UNDERSTAND SOME OF THE MORE NEGATIVE REVIEWS OF THIS MOVIE !! HAVE NO DISTRACTIONS , RELAX , AND LET TUSCANY TAKE YOU AWAY !!!!
 Ok , you know how women love to take about 4 hours to convey 35 seconds worth of information ? Take that concept , turn it into a movie , and you have Under the Tuscan Sun.This is a movie that women just love . It has some kind of subtlety or something or other . But whatever that something is , men can not detect it . I was forced to watch it , and it was literally about 2 hours with no meaningful sequence of events that I could detect.So this is a movie that is great for women -LRB- I think -RRB- , but men will find more boring that basically anything .
 Francis just got divorced from her husband , and is depressed . Her best friend realizes this and because of her pregnancy can not go with her lover on a romantic tour of Tuscany , so they offer her the tickets for the trip instead.At first Francis does not want to go to Italy , but eventually decides to go . She soon finds that Tuscany is just what she needed and sees a house that she then buys to her friend 's astonishment.With a bunch of friends including a former model , a bunch of Polish construction workers Francis asked to fix the house , and a neighbor she starts to heal . It also does n't hurt that while she was in Rome she met a man that does not turn out to be Mr. Right , but turns out being good for her self-esteem . A very good movie about starting over
 A good movie , but got a bit long and sterotypical . I enjoyed it . Beautiful scenery .
 2/11/06 Script was well written ; plots endings were unpredictable , actress Diane Lane led the way with really good acting as did the rest of the cast and the cinematography was really nice .
 Under the Tuscan Sun has it all . Great story , great acting and great scenary . Lane is great , and the Italian in the movie is beautiful . Under the Tuscan Sun is a beautiful , charming moving . A real winner .
 Not having read the infamous book upon which this film is based , I have no parallels from which to draw -LRB- i.e. , novel to movie script -RRB- . But I can rate this movie based on what I saw and how it affected me.Diane Lane 's performance was fine . She 's an attractive lady who plays a jilted novelist trying to escape a failed marriage by retreating to the Tuscany beauty in Italy . The filming is absolutely breathtaking . The colorful little Italian villas , the flowering sunflowers and olive trees . The ancient artifices along the Italian coastal villages . Beautiful.The story -LRB- again , I have n't read the book -RRB- was sound , too
 unlike the reviewer , Shashank Tripathi , I loved this movie ... If she/he had read the book , she/he would understand some of the things that were happening ... there is a character in the book who does that exact thing about the pigeon poop ... in fact , I am going to watch it again tonight
 I thought this movie was pretty good . Sometimes , I get sick of the realistic movies , and I just want to see something gullible . Who wants to watch a gloomy movie when you 're already gloomy enough ? Anyways , even though this movie was lame , the visuals were great . It did n't hurt to have a few odd funny lines to add to the affect . I would n't say that this was a laugh out loud comedy , but it was n't that bad either , at least it left me feeling good .
 This is a solid story that does tend toward the fantasy . Diane Lane stars as a new divorcee devistated by her divorce . In Italy she purchases a villa and decides to fix it up.Big problems with this film include the fairy tale aspect . First that the Italians would love Francesca and take her in as one of their own . I feel bad for the real Tuscany and the influx of Americans that will soon go there . I did n't like the young lovers . . I agreed with the father . They are young and stupid and should n't have gotten married.I think some reviewers miss the point of the sexy Italian that Franceca beds . In the end she learns that sex does not make her `` have it '' and that thinking might be exactly the problem . Of course , the end betrays this lesson when she finds another love interest . Do n't you know , you must have a man in this world to be complete?My favorite part was the compassionate married man who befriends Francesca . I loved the idea that there was a good man in the story and so little films ever provide a man who is not a love interest . Or if they do the `` good men '' are obviously boring and incomplete . Somehow I got the idea that the film did n't mean to provide that story but the actor brought the compassion to the role.The end is insanely clunky . When I saw the love interest come I actually turned the movie off so as to not ruin the rest of the movie.One big problem for me was did Francesca and her gay friend have no family ? How could both just up and run off to Italy ? Again more of fantasy . Tons of plot holes and bizzare lessons that seem to make no sense.That said it is an entertaining movie if you approach it as not 100 % in reality .
 I have watched this movie twice so far , and will probably watch it more often . Tuscany is a countryside that got me hooked the first time I saw it appearing in front of my train window , and it is the same with the movie . So , I could empathize , seeing the same happening to `` Frances '' -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- when she sees Tuscany and decides to buy a house and stay . Diane Lane in one of her best roles , her face very expressive , her acting excellent.The only disappointment came when I read the book the movie was made after
 I think TUSCAN SUN is a study in what is so wonderful about the Tuscany and Cinque Terra part of Italy ... Diane Lane is a favorite of mine . Ever since I saw her in COTTON CLUB I have liked her . I guess in some minds the story could be conjured up as a chick flick . And why ? because she gets a divorce from a guy who apparently is having a midlife crisis ??? or is it because she packs up and heads off on a gay holiday provided by two lesbian friends ? ... But this is how she finds the abode of her dreams ! ... Actually more like a nightmare.I think it is a film that deserves the accolades it has gotten , but not because it would only be appreciated by ` chicks ' , but by anyone who loves Tuscany the way I do.The cast of characters in TUSCAN SUN was a study in why I love to sit and watch the parade go by when I travel . It is one of the facinating parts of travel for me ... locales are not the only thing exotic about it all .
 This was a great movie . My daughter told me about it and I ordered it . I 'm glad I did . It was very realistic in it 's story .
 I enjoyed the story and the scenery in Tuscany . It makes you want to visit there !!
 This had to be one of the best romatic movies ever made , Dianne Lane is amazing , I just love this movie !!!
 I saw this movie on TV recently . I loved it so much that I am going to buy it !! Great Chick Flick ...
 The DVD was in great shape -LRB- both the cover and the dvd -RRB- . I the price was much cheaper than what Amazon had listed on their site . I would definately purchase another dvd moview from this seller anytime !
 Diane Lane delivers a warm performance as Frances , a writer/book reviewer , who finds purpose in the Tuscan countryside . Frances , suffering from the depression of a failed marriage , is urged by her pregnant friend Patti -LRB- Sandra Oh -RRB- to take her place on a tour of Italy . While at first reluctant , Frances finally accepts Patti 's offer when the reality of her life in New York becomes too painful . Frances is almost immediately charmed by life in Tuscany and on impulse buys a run-down villa that she plans to restore into her personal haven . Frances , now reborn as Francesca , is hardly alone in her new country as she is befriended by her real estate agent , the mysterious over-the-top blonde woman , her crew of Polish workers , and other townspeople . But sadness still tugs at her . Only when events turn out not as she expected does she begin to accept life on its terms and not on her own.The script and direction -LRB- by Audrey Wells -RRB- give this film the pacing of an art film , where the subtle interactions and plot can not be described as much as sensed ; however , the feel-good ending has the tacked on feel of a romantic comedy , where the heroine gets what she wants , even though the comedy itself is more smile - than laugh-inducing . To the credit of the screenwriters , events do n't unfold exactly the way one would expect . For instance , the old man who delivers flowers every day to a roadside shrine is never explained despite his emotional connection to Frances . The man one would think could bring Frances her much needed romance does not . And the birth of Patti 's child does not make Frances feel included at all . The turns are small , quiet ones , but they provide enough conflict to keep the viewer engaged . The cinematography fails to exploit the setting , resulting in a more conventional look than one would expect.Despite its flaws , this is a sweet , low-key film . While `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' may appeal to more women than men , it does not have the syrupy romance and teary-eyed moments of most films categorized as `` chick flicks . '' A good solid film that offers nothing exceptional .
 I 'm not a huge fan of the genre , but I found the story entertaining and the characters quite believable . Diane Lane and Sandra Oh are both engaging . A pleasant way to spend an evening . Recommended .
 This is such a feel good movie ... when you want to escape to Italy , just pop it in ...
 Under the Tuscan Sun is one of my all time favorite movies ... it is funny , sad at times , poignant and makes you just feel good!Diane Lane portrays her character brilliantly while Sandra Oh adds to the `` feel good '' of this movie.I highly recommend this movie to all woman during a nice , relaxing afternoon when you just want to feel good & do nothing !
 This was recommended to me by a MAN . And he 's not a sensitive pony-tail guy either . He 's a 6 ' 4 , 240 lb . male in his 60 's . And I 'm not . A man . This was a great film . It 's based -LRB- loosely probably -RRB- on the memoir by Frances Mayes who buys , renovates and lives in a villa in Tuscany.It 's funny and also unexpected .
 I absolutely adored this movie , but you should know I had my balls ripped off by lions .
 Yes , you get lovely views of Tuscany and yes , she is renovating a run down villa . Otherwise , it is pretty much a new story . For those who loved the book , just make that mental adjustment and start with a fresh slate and you will enjoy the parallel blossoming in the movie of the woman and her house.I took off one star since it put my husband to sleep , but I found it a pleasant enough romance with good scenery . The main character is lovely and the various subplots such as the Polish laborer romancing a local girl expands the story to pull in the younger audience , I presume .
 This is a wonderful movie in which Diane Lane , a highly under-rated actress , is superb . Although the storyline may ask you to suspend your disbelief at times , the heart of this film is the voyage of discovery that Lane 's character takes , not without bumps - just as in real life ! Along the way , her life is populated by people of chance and choice who become her somewhat functional dysfunctional support system . If you 've ever felt like you needed a huge change in your life , you 'll enjoy this film whether you decided to make that change for yourself or not .
 With stunning scenery and a cute plot , what more could you want in a movie?Frances -LRB- a writer -RRB- finds out that her husband has been cheating on her , and after the depressing divorce in which she had to give away her house , she ends up going to Italy because her best friend is pregnant and ca n't keep the ticket anymore . She falls in love with the place and impulsively decides to try her luck living there after spoting a dilapidated looking villa in a small town called Cortona . She thinks she can fix it up herself , but in the end hires a handyman to help out . She starts to enjoy life again and meets a handsome local guy called Marcello.While I really liked this movie , I did n't love it . It does drag a little , but overall , it 's sweet , charming , romantic and absolutely visually stunning . It really makes me want to go and visit this part of Italy . Sandra Oh has a good role in this -LRB- and her lover is played by her Grey 's castmate , Kate Walsh -RRB- . It is good , and I hope you 'll like it . It 's 113 minutes long , but it kind of goes quickly because you get caught up in the story and the beauty of Tuscany .
 Interesting !! This film takes place in Italy and surrounds itself with a character who recently gets divorced , and finds herself , at the urging of her friends -LRB- who happen to be gay -RRB- to get away from it all and take sometime to herself ... little do they all know -LRB- including her -RRB- that she ends up going out there , and never coming back to the States to live . This is a story of a woman who is looking for more in life than just the normal basic stuff . She wants to live her life to the fullest and really enjoy what the world has to offer her . Good film , great message for all !!
 As in , the book is not like the movie . In reality , Frances is a professor , and so is her American post divorce love . The book goes into some detail of the renovation and it is not done for free . Read the book for the lovely descriptions of the people , the country and the recipes !
 This is a wonderful movie about a lady who purchased an old home in Tuscany . Diane Lane turns in a very enjoyable performance as does Sandra Oh and a number of Italian and Polish performers . I have watched it many times and never tire of it .
 excelent condition.like new . great movie , this was a christmas present to my wife she was vary pleased to get it.good service thank you .
 This review for Under the Tuscan Sun is difficult to rate yet I love the film and would rate as 4.75 instead of 5 stars , and the reasons are many due to the fact some scenes lack congruency . Such as , `` I still got it ... , '' the budding romance at the end instead of Diane Lane 's affair with the Italian being more fully developed , and furthermore Sandra Oh 's sabotage is too benign . With that aside , when life 's dreams and marriage were built upon the sand , the hope of a new life , new friends , new city and sun are breathe-taking with starting all over again after a divorce .
 If you like romantic movies , this is the perfect one for you . But , please do n't cry ! It was a gift for someone else , eventhough I personally had seen it . It arrived just in time and I could keep track -LRB- via UPS -RRB- where it was , since I purchased it being in Puerto Rico .
 Love this movie i have watched it over and over again , always makes me want to go to Italy and buy a Villa , maybe when i retire . Arrived sooner than promised and at a good price .
 The scenery and the real Italy are in this film , the photography is great and almost a ad to see Italy in your travels . The food and scenery are everything .
 one of my all time favorite movies . Debated whether to buy or just wait for it to come on TV . My husband actually got this one for me because he knows how much I enjoy it .
 This movie is for those who love romance , Italian culture , scenery and Diane Lane who is reeeealy easy on the eyes . This is sweet story about a woman who rises above her emotions and heartbreak to find love with the people and places she finds in Italy . The supporting cast is excellent and the scenery is an artist 's dream .
 One of my absolute fav movies . It 's so rich looking and makes you want to go to Tuscany . I wish this had come out in blu-ray , the colors would be even more amazing . Watch with a blanket and a bottle of vino !
 This is a wonderful story that is very heart warming , and I 'd recommend it to anyone that appreciates that type of story line . However , if you prefer something of the action genre , it 's not for you . I enjoyed very much . Something I noticed that dissuaded me from thinking it was perfect was their overuse of symbolism . Here 's a list I 've comprised of all the things they 'd used to represent several miniature stories within the movie -LRB- which , in my opinion are a little too abundant -RRB- :1 . Looking for ladybugs , falling asleep , and finding them on you when you woke up2 . The train making it through the mountains in the end3 . The whole issue with the faucet not working until the end4 . Frances wishing for the wedding and family and then at the end , someone ELSE gets married , and her friend has a baby -LRB- the family -RRB- , and she says , `` You 're right , I got everything I wanted . `` 5 . The elderly man finally acknowledging her .6 . Finding her dream man.All of these things were left open-ended right from the get-go and everything was concluded in maybe the last two minutes . If perhaps they had stuck with maybe one or two of the powerful symbols , I think the movie would have over-all had a more powerful impact .
 This is a good movie . It had the misfortune of coming out around the same time as Julia Robert 's feminist ` Mona Lisa Smile ' and being sometimes confused with that film by critics . This is not a feminist , male-bashing movie . And it is n't entirely a ` chic flick ' either . Diane Lane is apparently very picky about the roles she plays and the films she appears in . This is another good choice for her.There are plenty of reviews here telling what this film is about . I 'll simply tell you that I bought the DVD for my wife , but I usually watch it with her . It is a good movie .
 I know the movie is n't the book , with that said , it 's a good movie . A movie that revolves around redemption , discovery , and love . In short the pains and joys of life . A life best enjoyed when lived , truly lived ! Well acted with stunning photography ! Worth the watch , but do n't expect this to be a verbatim re-telling of the book ... it is n't !
 Alright first of all yes I am a man , and yes I did go see this movie to please my girlfriend , however I liked it so much that I ended up buying her the DVD ... just so I could watch it again . The story in itself is pretty much standard if you take away some of the twists , girl by herself , girls meets guy , seems to lose guy , but everything works out in the end ... nothing too shocking there for I have to say that not only does Diane Lane make the movie work she actually makes it enjoyable to watch . First of all as someone who has traveled through Italy I felt the way the country was depicted was amazing , there are some stunning visuals in this movie that will make you want to book the first flight to Tuscany , incredibly stunning landscape . I believe that this movie has a great combination of humor , romance , a little drama and some feel-good attitude.Although it might have gone a little too long for my taste -LRB- hence the 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- I believe that watching Diane Lane fixing up the house and then experiencing Tuscany is a journey that is pleasurable to watch from start to finish , if you are a woman and want to watch a movie that is going to make you feel good , this is the one ... and guys if you have an anniversary coming up and you already bought her Sleepless in Seattle last year then I can recommend this one , I have a feeling she 'll like it .
 The scenery in this film was breathtaking - the countryside , the house , the people , the food - the way of life in general was just inspriring.What made this movie great , though , was the romance between Frances and Marcello . In any typical romantic comedy , the broken-down and lonely Frances would have met Marcello and all her problems would have been solved . The end . But in this film , Frances thinks her life has turned around and that she has found the answer to her prayers ... but , like in real life , this is not the case.I liked this movie because it did n't sugar-coat anything , but at the same time it was very uplifting .
 Under the Tuscan Sun , though loosley based off the novel , is both charming and reassuring that all things will come in time . Unlike modern romance films , this one presents not the conflicts of falling in love and rummaging through the remains thereafter , but getting to the initial relationship through self-discovery . It 's a film about broken hearts and fresh starts ; A must-see , feel-good movie .
 Having not read the book , I really did n't know what to expect . Let me tell you it was a pleasant surprise . For starters , Diane Lane was the perfect choice for the lead character Frances Mayes . She brings a natural reality to the character , instead of the saccharin sweet typically found in a romantic comedy . Diane instantly makes you feel like you know this woman . She 's your neighbor , or someone you work with . In the scene after she learns of her husband 's infidelities , she looks horrible - exactly like you 'd expect like a woman would look after traumatic news . Of course Diane Lane is a very beautiful woman and as the movie progresses that becomes more and more apparent . Luckily Diane is more than just a pretty face and her performance is stellar . The movie as a whole is understated , letting things play out instead of spelling everything out and Diane provides a wonderful tapestry for you to see what is happening to her . Her reactions tell you more than pithy dialog ever could and as a result you end up taking the journey with her.As much as I loved Diane Lane in this movie , she is surrounded by an incredible supporting cast . Sandra Oh , as the best friend , delivers an authentic performance . Instead of the typical `` funny sidekick '' so often played by those in the role of best friend , she 's down to earth and real . Raoul Bova plays the Italian lover and should make most women weak in the knees , but I found Vincent Riotta , the real estate agent , to be a much richer character . And speaking of rich characters , Lindsay Duncan plays a wonderful eccentric as Katherine who almost serves as a fairy godmother.Although the acting is superb , what bring it all together are the talents of Audrey Wells who serves as the screenplay writer , director and producer . Most of Audrey 's background has been in writing . Clearly Ms. Wells has a love of Italy and a love of the novel and all of that shows on the screen . She filmed in the cities that are represented and she hired actors that are the nationality in which they play and the age in which they should be . The entire film shines with authenticity and coupled with wonderful performances and directing , Audrey has redefined the romantic comedy . This movie is a tune-up for the soul . If anyone has been down on their luck or not so lucky in love this movie will pour some sweetness into that bitter place . Highly recommended .
 This movie has two things going for it that are quite appealing to me . One is Diane Lane because we are now both old enough that I do not have to feel guilty about having a crush on her in 1979 when she was barely a teenager and I was in graduate school . The other is Tuscany , because films like this are siren calls for tourists , especially if half the blood flowing in your veins is Italian in the first place . As a result of those twin forces I probably had higher expectations for this film than is warranted by what director Audrey Wells has put together.The story is relatively simple . Frances Mayes is a writer and critic who finds out her husband is having an affair . There is more injury to add to this insult in terms of divorce , alimony that she owes him , and the loss of her house . With nothing better to do Frances is sent by her friend Patti -LRB- Sandra Oh -RRB- on a gay bus tour of Tuscany where she stumbles across a nice little villa for sale . Frances knows that the way her life is going buying it would be a terrible idea . But an eccentric expatriate named Katherine -LRB- Lindsay Duncan -RRB- tells her , `` Do n't you just love those ? '' So it comes to pass that Frances buys a Italian villa that is in as much need of repair as her own shattered life.The villa is obviously the master metaphor in this film for the main character , but Wells does not spend as much time on it as she should . Maybe it is because Bob Villa and all of those who have followed in his wake have been the restoration of old homes a familiar experience for us . One of the deleted scenes on the DVD shows the discovery of the fresco on one of the villa 's walls , which is exactly the sort of detail that we want to enjoy . We know that this house will be a home by the end of the film , so it is the process of transformation that matters , especially as it parallels that of Frances herself.This movie wants to be unconventional . At one point Frances unburdens herself and is told by the compassionate man to whom she is speaking
 This movie was about what I expected
 A review below lists several stereotyped characters in the movie , and to be honest , that 's a fair critique . But Diane Lane is such a good actress , and Tuscany is so beautiful -LRB- similar to central California -- now I understand why California is a `` Mediterranean '' climate -RRB- that I was able to forgive the clich&eacute;s and the fact that I could basically stay one step ahead of every plot twist . I only wish that they had shown the transformation of the villa , a la `` This Old House . `` OK , so maybe I also wish they had shown a little more of Ms Lane 's body . So sue me for being honest .
 I watched this movie for the first time last night after checking it out from the Library . I never would have paid to rent it , after hearing bad reviews when I came out . Now , I am so glad I gave it a chance . It is a truly touching movie . It has both drama , and great humor , and I hope to buy it soon .
 I got this DVD because it is my best friend 's favorite movie . It was good & worth watching - funny & intelligent . Only four stars because I 'm not crazy about chick flicks , and the movie keeps bouncing back and forth from drama to comedy - leaving me a little confused at times .
 Under The Tuscan Sun is a funny , sweet , and poignant romance . Every part is nicely translated from the book to the movie , but the romance is added . That is annoying at first . I love the many irresistible pockets of pleasure in this movie . Have fun with it , but do n't expect the older , not single , cooking and cleaning lady of the book ! Diane Lane is lovely .
 Action flick , chick flick,straight,gay,hippe-it seems American society is constructed on infantile name calling.This movie is typical in some ways-divorced lady leaves Friscofor Tuscony , buys and restores antique home and searches fora new love.But here 's the important part-she does n't ` get the guy ' - and learns a lesson that I think is important ; that happiness is within.Unfortunately people in this country , male and female , are becomming more and more emmotionally bankrupt.Inever HEARD terms like ` chick flick ' until I was a teenager.Ithink it 's sexist , ugly and VERY all-American-undercut the differences in people , in every possible way.Romantic comedies are usually the most obvious and clished form of film making there is-usually highly predictable plots and very shallow characters.But being based on a classic book there was already a script of sorts to work with.Worth whatching if not for the ending.And it 's a well madefilm without alot of schmaltz and cutesiness.So I think thismovie will appeal to alot of different people , especially thosewho probably dream too much.If you need a little change aroundyou , being under the Tuscan sun might just be your kind of place !
 Diana Lane is perfect in this role . She owns a cosmical beauty and it 's extraordinary nice too.Since a winner executive but unhappy woman , decides to make a twist of fate in Toscana , she will experience a whole different conceptions about the love and the sense of the friendship . Her only truly fellows are two lesbians , the charming and always beloved Italia seduces her in many ways is obviously another incorporean actor in the screen.The homagge to La dolce vita is very smart clue in the sense you can be happy if you 're really commited with will and constant desire.Share this one with your couple , fiance&eacute; or beloved girl or boy friend .
 O.K. People . You know enough about the basic plot from reading the DVD information . I liked this movie because it reminded me of several quirky movies I identified with . It has elements of Beaches and Shirley Valentine and , contrary to the negative reviews I have read here , that CAN be a good thing . It is a very visual movie and Ms. Lane feels her character so much that you feel with her and that speaks volumes . Her character does point out that she is making choices because she is tired of playing it safe so yes , she does sleep with a man she has barely met . If you are one of those people who quietly cheer the fed up employee who tells the boss to shove it and wish you could too , you will understand this movie . BUT . If you are one of these `` sheep people '' who lets the entire world dictate what they do to the point that you almost make a left turn in traffic just because the car in front of you does ... . YOU WO N'T . Touching movie with stunning visuals and a glimpse into what COULD happen if someone who has been through a life changing event simply lets go and runs towards the light of possibility . Real life ? Who ever said a movie has to be about real life ? What constitutes real ? Unlock the braces on your brains and just watch ...
 This has got to be one of the most beautiful and entertaining films I have EVER seen . It is magnificient looking film with an excellent story , some hilarious scenes , and wonderful acting . Diane Lane plays Frances Mayes superbly and the whole movie is so entertaining and enjoyable . In a word ... beautiful ! 5 stars !
 The movie came within a couple of days of placing the order online and the price was cheaper than what I could find in stores .
 Great expedient service . Good price ! Product was just as advertised , in like new condition . An all time classic . Great movie !
 We enjoyed `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' so much we decided to add the DVD to our home collection .
 Yes , it is a chick flick , but the Italian backgrounds and scenery make you wish you were there . Diane Lane is very easy on the eyes as well . My wife enjoyed it so much she forced me to book us a Mediterranean cruise to Italy for our 30th anniversary .
 Maybe there IS a lot wrong with the movie , but , for me , I thoroughly enjoyed it !!!! I `` thought '' it was going to be a chick flick before I saw it but was really surprised . Totally loved it!Give it a chance !!!
 Come on now , we do n't want to watch normal , everyday lives in movies because that would just be boring . This movie showed more than that and had a charming plot , beautiful scenery , & showed a fascinating culture . That is what makes movies good , not how believable it is !
 I gave this movie 4 stars because it was a good movie . However , it is quite depressing at times . Diane Lane just ca n't catch a break . It is kinda slow , but I 'm very pleased to have seen it .
 This was a GREAT and FUN movie . It was so funny and touching , yet did ` nt have the ` cliches ' . It was well acted by Diane Lane and it looked fantastic ! A great fun movie ! Highly recommended !
 I loved this movie . If a relationship falling apart is unrealistic , you can count yourself lucky . I thought it was very realistic . Moving to Italy can only be done with a lot of money , but if I had the dough , I 'd have gone right after I saw UTS . It made me feel good , and I recommend it , as I have to other people.Plus Diane Lane is hot .
 I gave the film 5 stars because it was definitely my dream . Owning a villa in Tuscany and fixing it up . We are in the process of trying to buy/sell a home , and I could relate to the `` fixer upper , but love the house `` The film spoke to me by saying , `` happiness is not always where you expect to find it '' and `` family is not always who you marry or share bloodlines with `` Anyways , marvelous movie , some swearing -LRB- f-word -RRB- , some make-out scenes , homosexuality -LRB- if you care , but I do n't -RRB- . The 14 year old and 12 year old loved it , so I guess that is where I would draw the line for age -LRB- I 'm a little progressive with the nudity stuff ... do n't really care . -RRB- Everyone who watched the film is now in love with Tuscany !
 Diane Ladd plays a woman who has just been unceremoniously dumped by her husband . In an attempt to cheer her up , her two friends offer her tickets to go to Tuscany . While she 's there , she impulsively buys a villa and then wonders what she 's gotten herself in for . She hires an eccentric group of Polish workers and sets about rebuilding the villa and her life . There are a few bumps along the way , but she finally succeeds . The scenery in this movie is breathtaking and it alone is worth the price of admission . There are times when the overacting is painful and there are several lapses in credibility but all in all it 's a pleasant way to spend an evening .
 So , this movie is on the light side ... so what ?? I know what a so-called `` good movie '' should have in terms of dialog and action and drama and comedy and blah , blah , blah ... forget about it !! For once , let the world be an easy place , where things fall into place without that much effort!Loves comes easy -LRB- at least for some -RRB- and is actually perfect , neighbors help each other , friends are there for each other no matter what -LRB- even if it means putting their own needs on the back burner for a while -RRB- , and yes there is a Happy Ending for everybody . Too shallow ? Perhaps , but I enjoyed this movie because of this lack of overwhelming conflicts and oh so deep issues for everybody involved . I have that in the real world - conflicts and heartbreaks which do not resolve themselves with ease . If you need a break from the everyday , you found one !
 Determined to rebuild her life after a sudden , unexpected divorce , Diane Lane gets away from it all by going on a gays-only excursion to Italy where she falls in love - with a house ! She buys a delapidated villa to renovate and quickly fills it with an engaging cast of characters . She finds her dreams - love -LRB- sponsoring star-crossed lovers -RRB- , her family -LRB- her pregnant friend , jilted by her lesbian partner -RRB- and finally hopes for a romance of her own . More than just a `` chick flick '' this movie offers a little something for everyone , including exquisite cinematography . Highly recommend !
 In order to appreciate this movie , you must understand that it is not a romantic comedy , no matter how it is advertised . Yes , there is romance and there is comedy , but that is REALLY not the focus of the film . In fact , viewers may be fooled when male characters are introduced -- they 're not all potential love interests , like you 'd expect in other movies . Life is not that simple!It is really the story of a woman who proves to herself that she can make it on her own , without a man , anywhere and anytime . On a trip to Italy , trying to take her mind off her recent divorce , she spontaneously buys an Italian villa ... one which needs a lot of work and repairs ... and settles herself in this country . She slowly makes it her home , while making friends in a foreign land and learning a new culture.I really enjoyed this movie for the scenes of Italy and its faithful presentation of Italian culture -LRB- not just the stereotypical view of Italians you get in American T.V. shows and movies -RRB- . Besides the Italian people , there are Italian cuisine , beautiful villas , tours of the countryside , and people of other nationalities . I do n't know how anyone can watch this film without seriously considering hopping on a plane and moving to Italy permanently .
 As a rule , I never enjoy Hollywood films based on best-selling memoirs.But there are endless surprises here -- it is based on life , after all . Which keeps it real , and makes it ring true , and makes you relax , and sit back , while someone tells you about a slice of her life.Well done ! It makes for a thoroughly enjoyable evening . And the structure of the landscape and towns is beautiful beyond belief . When will people begin to build this way again ?
 I loved watching this movie . It was an uplifting story with twists at every corner . I highly recomend it.It made me want to return to Italy .
 I ca n't say enough positive words about this movie.It was good at the show but like alot of things the second time at home it was so much better . It was a DVD gift from my daughter , and that night I watched it and noticed all the little things you often miss in a large show . As a women I could idenify with Frances in many way 's . When she leaves her home she loved and goes to her tempory apartment , and lays down on the floor . . It was Diane 's and her best friend performance that you , the viewer grow to love and laugh with . But the most important message in the movie is that France 's positive and helpfull attitude towards everyone is as beautiful as Tuscany .
 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN is your standard romantic comedy , but well worth watching . Diane Lane stars , playing Frances , a newly divorced woman who goes on a gay tour of Italy at the suggestion of her gay friend Patti -LRB- Sandra Oh -RRB- . She sees a house and before even thinking about anything , if it 's even on sale , she decides she wants to buy it and put everything into it . She meets a bunch of different people and tries to readapt her life in a foreign country where she knows no one , except a handful of people she has just met . The movie is pretty predictable in what will happen , and how it ends , but it was still a fun movie to watch and get swept away in . The visuals were absolutely beautiful and watching it I felt as though I was taken along for the trip . Diane Lane was fabulous in this movie . Overall a pretty good popcorn movie .
 I found Under the Tuscan Sun to be a wonderful portrayal that we as human are at the whim of the chemistry of life and those who cross our path . Ultimately , life is about letting go of the old no matter how difficult.Lane plays an endearing main character who would cling to the old and society 's definition of what she as a 30 something should have in her life at this time . By opening herself up to the novelty of life , her life unfolds in ways she does n't expect -LRB- or even like at the time -RRB- . The movie has a flow that keeps the viewer interested . The other characters play an inportant role in supporting the main character 's mission to re-discover her life . The backdrop of Italy certainly heightened the romance of the movie . I did n't want the movie to end.At the end , the viewer is left with an invitation to not take things for granted and at the same time to shed those things in life that are stale and/or not working ... and move on to accomplishing dreams that may have been sitting on the shelf . I have seen the movie three times .
 I thought this movie would be OK but I have to admit it ... it was excellent . The film is very sexy and very funny with sharp , witty dialog and great acting by the beautiful Diane Lane . This is a wonderful comedy that is an excellent watch . Great entertainment !
 A remarkable little film that is full of entertaining and well-written characters and some great comedy moments . Diane Lane provides some fabulous acting fireworks and the scenery is amazing . A remarkably beautiful film .
 A different kind of `` romantic '' movie , fashioning a refreshing and entertaining story about living in the beautiful Italy and recovering from a broken heart . Diane Lane 's brilliant , many-faceted performance is a must-see , as is the films gorgeous scenery . Beautiful movie !
 This movie was so entertaining . I was in stitches from laughing so much - it was so funny and enjoyable . Diane Lane was incredible in this film . She is such a good actress and here she proves that she is funny as well . This is one of the most entertaining films I have seen all year . Brilliant stuff !
 Thought that this film was really good . Good acting by Diane Lane and the other actors , and the film is good to look at too . The story was well above average for these kinds of films and altogether it was a very joyous and entertaining experience . An excellent movie that was very entertaining !
 Under the Tuscan Sun is the best film I have seen in a long time . It warmed my heart and made me laugh . It made me want to move to Tuscany . Diane Lane was wonderful .
 From heartbreak and depression to effervescence and exultation , Under the Tuscan Sun will take you on a dreamy tour of Italy 's landscape , food , people and music . Diane Lane delivers an Oscar worthy performance as she portrays Frances Mayes ' Italian adventure.Having lived in Italy for two years , this movie brought back to me so many wonderful memories and made me yearn to go back to Italy for a visit . The cinematography is remarkable and the subtleties of the little Italian villages ' charms are captured ever so vividly . This is truly a breath of fresh air and I totally recommend it to all of you out there ; definitely an Oscar material !
 Excellent film ! I vaguely remember when I was released in 2003 . I thought it was just some self-indulgent chick flick without ever seeing it . A co-worker and I watched the movie a month ago and I got ta say that I LOVED it ! Hilarious ! I 'm going to Italy in May and it was a nice preview before my trip . Seller provide top notch servic also ... thanks1
 this movie put me over the `` edge '' to finally make plans and go to italy ! so i am a little prejudice when it comes to reviewing this movie . i really enjoyed the movie in general ... fun , sad , happy , humorous ... it has all the elements of a `` chick flick '' . if you have n't seen it it is worth it -LRB- even tho it is an older movie -RRB- . yes i say have the kleenex box next to you ! if ever in italy do visit the town the movie was filmed in ... cortona .
 I love this movie . My first DVD `` died '' on me and I absolutely needed to get a new one.I watched it again for the Nth time ... this time with my boyfriend who really enjoyed it as well.Molto grazie !
 I am not too big into chick flick type movies but I loved this . It makes you want to up and move to another country and start over after a bad breakup/divorce or just even a life change .
 It 's a beautifull movie to watch with the company of your loved one ... Great Diane Lane performance ... This is not a romance story but it sure will touch your emotions and feelings . Throughout the film several events take place which exposed different perspectives on love relationships and the way people deal with the outcome to this relationships . Spectacular landscapes . Tuscany is shown as such a beautifull and peacefull spot in Italy . Quite entertaining . My wife and I are absolutely happy with the purchase and we would recommend you to take the time to ENJOY `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' ... you `` ll find out why !!!
 We purchased this DVD before a trip to Tuscany . Though we did not make it to the village from the movie , it is there to see . All the villages in Tuscany are quaint and wonderful . Make Italia a bucket list item . Watch this movie and dream about being there . It is worth the time and expense .
 I received my order in good shape and in a timely manner . Very well satisfied .
 I love this movie because it teaches you a life lesson on living . I 've watched it since i was a little girl and it taught me not to take live for granted , not to regret things , and to keep moving forward . The main character goes through her grief from her divorce and thanks to her friends finds a place she can heal and start again . Definatly watch it at least once if not , 5 or 6 more times .
 For all those romantic comedy lovers , this is one movie you should n't miss . For the rest of you ... watch it anyway , were it only for the great panoramic views of beautiful Tuscany .
 We watched this again last night and was amazed at how much we enjoyed it a second time . It is definately a film you can revisit . There is so much to love about this film . The story , the Golden Globe nominated acting by Diane Lane , and the breathtaking Tuscan scenery . A remarkable film . 5 stars !
 I knew when I saw the movie that it was not a faithful adaptation of the book -LRB- Francis Mayes even writes about the fictionalized screenplay in newer versions of her book -RRB- . However , the resulting story comes out fantastic , and I thoroughly enjoyed how the director brought pieces of the reality into the fictionalized story . Ultimately , both the movie and the book are about letting go of the past , and living for the future . If you 've been through a disillusionment , and you are working to redefine who you are and where you want to go in life , then you will enjoy both -LRB- Though I would recommend reading the book first -RRB- . It also would n't hurt to be a woman in your thirties or older.In both the book and the movie , Francis Mayes comes out of a divorce looking for a new way to define her life . In both the book and the movie , she buys a Villa in Tuscany , and refurbishes it , learning about her new country and herself in the process , and falling in love with both . The big difference between the book and the movie -LRB- and do n't read further if you do n't want to know -RRB- is Ed . In the book , she and Ed have started dating when they buy the villa . In the Movie , she meets Ed at the end . I thought it was a clever way to wrap the movie up .
 This film is about a suddenly divorced woman who ends up touring Italy with a group of gay men . The build up to this amusing tour is very creative , also the many antics on the tour bus were funny , due to the ironical fact that a single divorced female was on tour with a group of men - all of whom were gay . It is an amusing , down-right funny film in many ways . It is also an inexpensive way to see the landscapes of Tuscany.Starting a new life in Italy , on a whim , a spur of the moment , the need to escape , escape to another country , escape anywhere , is a fantasy , many people may have , especially if the people are divorced . The adventures of living in another country along with recovering one 's sense of balance in life is the well developed topic of this film.The tour bus stops in a town and our heroine sees an old home for sale in the picture window of a real estate office . It happens the tour passes by this very same home and to the surprise of all , our protaganist asks the bus driver to stop . She enters the house and discovers a young European couple negotiating on the selling price with the owner , who is a widow , and her solicitor . Everytime the European couple offers a bid , the widow raises the price of the house . When our divorcee makes an offer ... the widow accepts it . The Europeann couple stalk off , complaining about how the rich Americans want to own everything.Our divorcee admits to the widow , she can not afford the price she agreed to . The widow shakes her head , sadly , `` no '' . The widow states through an interpreter , the solicitor , that she must have a sign from G-d before she can sell the house , right after that , a bird flies in and leaves a parting gift on our divorcee 's head . The widow is happy and smiles ... that is the sign . It only gets better from there ... This is hugely funny film , reminds me of the movies made in the late 1950s and early 1960s . Erika Borsos -LRB- erikab93 -RRB-
 In this movie , as with life -LRB- usually -RRB- , our `` plans '' from our `` beginnings '' , do n't work out like we think they will . -LSB- If yours have and you are one of the those living your dreams , twenty , fifty , etc. years later , I 'm sure you are counting your blessings ! ;-RRB- -RSB- Frances ' `` new '' story begins when she acts on instinct instead of `` planning '' and thus life begins , rather unexpectedly to Frances , to have its own `` design '' for her life . She has her hopes and dreams for what her life will become . Little does she know she will get exactly what she asks for . However , as in true life , it may not be in the way you expect it.A truly , inspirational movie for anyone struggling through some tough times in your life . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've seen it , but I probably could n't use my fingers to count , even if I counted each of them twice!Also , must mention Diane Lane , Sandra Oh , you guys are the best !
 I 've watched this movie at least 25 times and I still love it . It inspired a family trip to Tuscany . I would return there in a New York minute if I could .
 Frances Mayes ' well-known book is only a starting point for this screenplay adaptation by screenwriter/director Audrey Wells . Though the movie diverges quite widely from the book , Mayes herself says it captures her book 's spirit , so that 's good enough for me . There are some complaints here on these review pages about this being a ` formulaic chick flick , ' but it 's subversively anything but . Director Wells correctly points out in the ` Making Of ' featurette that at the very moment in the chick flick formula where the love interest is supposed to appear -LRB- approx . 30 minutes in -RRB- , we get a head fake ... in fact , we get two of them & a true love interest appears only as an afterthought . Instead , Wells keeps the focus on Lane 's character 's efforts to establish a household and fill it with love . It 's left to Raoul Bova -LRB- outstanding as Real Estate agent Marcello -RRB- to point out that Frances has done just that , right under her own nose . It 's a superb moment.As an added bonus , it 's a hoot for anyone who 's watched `` Grey 's Anatomy '' to see Sandra Oh and Kate Walsh here together ... as a couple no less .
 The movie is not the book -- the book is a poetic love affair with Tuscany , and the movie is a romantic comedy with Tuscany sightseeing a smaller part of the story . Both the book and the movie make you want to visit Italy . I found that I appreciated the movie more on the second viewing when my expectations for immediate humor and romance were not so high . That 's because -- like most Diane Lane parts -- you need to let yourself feel and grow with the main character . Personally , I fell in love with many of the characters and boy , do I want that house she renovated ! The last time I watched the DVD , I followed up with listening to the director 's commentary and was glad that I did . The director is generous in explaining how she developed the story , how she chose the actors , what difficulties she encountered during production and why she made the compromises that she did -LRB- not that I noticed any -RRB- .
 I thought this was a very good film but I am puzzled by the reviews I have seen here . Some hated this movie but many liked it and yet I wonder how many really got the point ? This film could easily have evolved into an Italian Travelog with actors or succumbed to the facile ending , but instead it moved in unexpected directions everytime you seemed to know what would happen next . It really captures the joy and spirit of the Italian people without actually making that a focal point . The handling of the people and the locale were excellent because they never became the actual point of the movie . However , it is the ending that really sets this film apart , because the film builds to the conclusion that you should be careful what you wish for because you just might get it . And as usual when you get what you asked for God has a way of providing it in unexpected ways . I thought this was a subtle and entertaining film . I have seen it twice and enjoyed it both times .
 It is a great feel good movie . I have n't read the book but I would like to after seeing this movie . -LRB- more details in the book than they can put on screen . -RRB- Grab your mom , sister , daughter or best friend to watch this movie , it 's that good .
 This is my favorite film of all time . I recently visited Italy -LRB- Tuscany -RRB- and watched this movie many times before my trip . The directing , acting , filming , scenery and music were perfect . Audrey Wells -LRB- Best Director -RRB- , Diane Lane -LRB- best actress -RRB- , Lindsay Duncan -LRB- best supporting actress -RRB- and Christophe Beck -LRB- musical score -RRB- should have all received oscars . I spent most of my brief time in Italy , Under the Tuscan Sun , and it was a life-changing experience . I have always heard how beautiful Italy was ; and the scenery & landscapes in the Italian-themed movies I 've watched seemed almost too good to be true . But once I stood on Italian soil , mingled with the wonderful people , devoured the food and wine -LRB- & GELATO ! -RRB- and tossed euros in the Trevi Fountain -LRB- yes , I made my wish ! -RRB- , I now realize what a treasure Italy is
 Diane Lane is a wonderful actress . She has the ability to go through a range of emotions within a few seconds in the most natural way , conveying conflicted , confused feelings better than 10 pages of dialog . The movie itself was a very pleasant surprise . While it is a light romantic comedy , it avoids becoming just another paint-by-numbers film . Just when you think it 's about to fall into the standard formula , it makes a quick left turn . It actually has a lot of truth in it . Anyone , male or female , who has been through a divorce and all that goes along with it emotionally can relate to it . Only a few , though , will find the courage -LRB- and proper encouragement -RRB- to not allow it to define the rest of their lives . The film tells us this basic truth
 Wednesday was my birthday so my wife reluctantly allowed me to pick the movie we were going to see . `` Grindhouse '' ! Much to my displeasure and her relief the local bijou pulled `` Grindhouse '' because of recent events in Virginia that could spur copycats . So we picked up some wine coolers and went home and watched `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' . Now I 've been a big fan of Diane Lane for a number of years . `` A Walk on the Moon '' is incredibly underrated . But something about this pictured screamed `` Chick Flick ! '' Boy , was I ever right . In a nutshell , spurned literary critic -LRB- Lane -RRB- takes a trip to Tuscany with some oh-so cute gays -LRB- are there any other kind in chick flicks ? -RRB- . Did I mention that her best friends are a lesbian couple played by Sandra Oh , possibly the world 's most unattractive Asian and Kate Walsh , late from one of my all-time fave TV shows , `` The Drew Carey Show '' . On impulse she buys a run-down villa in sunsplashed Tuscany . Employs some mildly comical Polish workers who have problems hooking up the hot water . Falls for a cad naturally named Marcello . A pregnant Oh comes to visit explaining that she was dumped by Walsh . Lane plays matchmaker to a young Polish worker and one of the local girls . You can pretty much figure out how it all ends . My wife 's tear ducts were going . I viewed the proceedings with mild indifference . I give it three stars , my wife gives it five . We 've reached a compromise on how to rate this flick .
 The key to enjoying this movie is to appreciate that it is fantasy . A previous reviewer gave this a poor rating because it was n't realistic regarding visas , jobs , money , etc. . The reason I enjoyed it so much is because I was able to spend two hours NOT thinking about those types of things . These movies are always filled with contrivances , stereotypes and obvious metaphors and this movie is no exception . But it was able to somehow make it all very natural and sweet.The best thing the filmmakers did was to cast Diane Lane in the lead role . She is the epitome of class and natural beauty . I thoroughly enjoyed this because I allowed myself to be swept away by a beautiful woman , beautiful scenery and the fantasy life I wish I could have .
 Diane Lane is perfect in this well cast movie about the rebuilding of a rundown villa in Tuscany , and the rebuilding of faith , hope and wonder , in her life as well . There is much humor , beauty , and magic in unexpected places . This movie left me feeling really good . I highly recommend it for anyone needing a bit of sunshine in their lives .
 Frances is a writer whose life is about to become undone . After it does , her friends insist that she take their extra tickets for a gay tour of Tuscany . The rest of the film pretty much writes itself
 This movie is based loosely on the true story of France Mayes . It 's so fun and captivating ! Diane Lane is flawless , as usual . The Italian scenery is breathtaking ! I hope to see the landscape someday , but until then , this movie takes me away there . I love the whole vibe of the movie ... beautiful and cheery . All of the characters are perfect!I also stumbled on to a daily planner based on the story ... filled with gorgeous pics and quotes , stories , and recipes from Frances . So , keep a look-out for this years ! It really is a nice accompaniment to the movie !
 I 've told my bf we have to get a divorce and sell the house so that I can move to Tuscany . He keeps insisting we 're not married and that the proceeds from my house might get me as far as North Carolina . Why do men have to be so logical?It 's a beautiful film . It 's a beautiful sentiment . And , yes , it is most certainly one of those movies that a woman will probably appreciate more than a man . But , that 's okay.I saw a number of negative reviews . Come on , people , life is too short . Why be cold and cynical when you can believe that a sad American writer can find life and love in Italy ? You go ahead and watch your reality tv ; I 'll just sit here and enjoy my suspension of disbelief .
 I enjoyed this movie thoroughly . Anyone who has ever undergone a painful divorce will relate to this movie . Unlike an earlier reviewer , I did not feel that Lane 's acting was overdone . The angst of betrayal and divorce is just that , angst.The movie also had its delightfully quirky moments and while it was heavily salted and peppered with typical love story fare , it was also full of marvelous insights.Life marches on and there are opportunities at every turn .
 Under the Tuscan Sun is not your typical Hollywood romantic comedy , and that 's what I loved about it . Not exactly unpredictable , but cute , funny , and with an unusual structure , it is much better than the average romance . Screenwriter and Director Audrey Wells had the difficult task of adapting a travelogue book into a fiction film and for the most part , succeeded . The result is an enjoyable , light-hearted , and decently paced dramedy.Diane Lane is perfectly cast and Sandra Oh IS Patti . They both bring so much to all their roles and greatly enhanced the story and move it forward . Both actresses have an undeniable charm and make even the worse film worthwhile.This is a good film though , full of beautiful scenery and great performances . I really enjoyed it and recommend it for a viewers who want a different kind of romantic film . It 's beautiful , charming , and fabulous .
 I love this movie and have seen it several times . The scenery is breathtaking , the story is lovely , Diane Lane is at her best andSandra Oh is a favorite of mine so no complaints ! Great movie !
 I 've watched this movie many times and plan to someday visit Tuscany . It 's a romantic womans movie that makes my old heart yearn for adventure in Italy .
 I fell in love with this movie when I saw it in the theater . I love to travel and have always dreamed of living in Europe somewhere , maybe that 's why I love it so much . But , it is also a great movie to watch someone go through rejection and come out on the other side just fine . This movie , though , does n't diminish the pain she feels , but follows her through her emotional journey . I also love the scenery in the movie . The artistic director did a great job at really giving us the feeling of an Italian villa .
 This is a wonderful romantic comedy , but the best part about this movie is that it is not the typical romantic comedy.There are abundant character development , as well as many twists and turns of character and storyline . You will not get the simply girl meets boy , fall in love ... Under the Tuscan Sun explores the complexity of life , and tries to capture the intricacies of relationships as well as focuses on a fundamental message of home . It 's realistic without sacraficing a happy ending , and ironically , a great `` post break up '' movie -LRB- usually romantic drama/comedies are not -RRB- . Under the Tuscan Sun is great fun , very engaging , and has gorgeous scenery to boot . Highly recommend .
 First of all , I too read the book , and I hated it . The movie is great . It 's pretty light , but it 's fun and full of hope and optimism . This is the ultimate movie to watch after a breakup and I pull out my copy whenever I feel depressed and hopeless .
 The movie is a fun and sweet romantic comedy that is out just in time for Valentines day , but the dvd is produced by Disney who uses crazy encoding on thier discs that prevent them being played on all dvd players . I tried this in my bedroom and the dvd stopped thourghout the film and had the be resarted and many time completely reinserted . This is a bad bussiness practice and i have had many reccent problem with disney disc 's see my reveiw for Alice and Wonderland . I also had trouble with open range . I buy between 15 - 20 movies a month and very rarly have problems with any company discs but Buena Vista , Actaully I ca n't remember the last bad dvd I have gotten from another studio that I have had problems with , I did not even have trouble with Two Towers Extended Edtion as many have reported . Disney you need to change your encoding process or stand to lose customers such as my self . I do n't feel that it is asking to much to have a dvd actually play when you buy , otherwise I would just buy a coaster .
 I love Diane Lane and who does n't dream of moving to Italy someday ! Italy is on my bucket list , now ! : -RRB-
 Entertaining story . Unfortunately , most people do n't have that kind of money to rehab a property in another county . Italy was lucky that someone brought their $ $ over to invest & improve their real estate .
 Divorces are rarely painless . Diane Lane 's character goes through a bad divorce and needs to get her bearings . She takes a trip , a gift to her , to Italy and falls in love with Tuscany . A lovely movie all about life changes and right timing . Highly recommmended .
 Excellent product I recommend it 100 % top quality it always guaranteed gacalidad can buy with confidence for this place satisfied with the good product recommended
 I saw this on TV & I just had to have it . I just love watching this movie . I watch it every yr : -RRB-
 I try to find this movie all over town could n't find a store that had it in stock . Really love this movie , very beautiful scenery .
 I wo n't review movie as it was not for myself , only a Christmas gift for family member . Arrive safe and on time .
 An old movie with a great story and beautiful scenary of the Tuscany area of Italy . Visited this area shortly after seeing the movie to relive the life of the characters .
 I saw this movie when it was released several years ago , and was reminded of what a good picture it was by my daughter . Funny , some drama , and a wonderful portrayal by Ms. Lane . of the main character , bring her to life .
 It is my favorite movie for ever ! I watched it already a few times , and hardly recommend to all romantic people , and not only . I would recommend it if you feel lonely , and need to find strength to create your life path again ...
 Following a divorce in which she loses her shirt due to California 's community property laws , Frances Mayes , an author and book reviewer , goes on a trip to Cortona , Italy , where she ends up buying Bramasole , an ancient villa from a countess and sets about rebuilding the ruins of her life amid the beautiful countryside . Her thoughts are voiced through a voiceover narrative , in which her wry wit comes through.Much of her interractions come through with the restoration of the villa , which she decides to undergo after a fierce thunderstorm on her first evening there . The repair work undergone there presents some comic moments , as well as triumphant ones . There are three Polish workers she enlists , one into books , one who is clearly smitten by her , and Pavel , a blonde youth who falls for Chiara , the daughter of the family next door . Frances befriends Pavel , even to the point of sticking up for him when Chiara 's parents find out about their the young couple 's liaison.Then there 's her friend Patty , an Oriental lesbian who 's very pregnant and is planning to raise the baby with her partner . She is the sole representative of her earlier life , and her appearance in the villa signifies that one ca n't completely break away from one 's roots . That concept is also demonstrated by an old man who keeps putting flowers at a stone shrine across her . She waves at him but he refuses to return her gesture , merely staring at her with his sad , broken-hearted face which , like Frances , made me wonder what his story was.However , the most interesting one is Katherine , a blonde English expatriot dressed in black , with a penchant for wide brimmed hats and eating ice-cream cones . She is a direct contrast to Frances , savouring life , even modelling semi-nude for an Italian studmuffin named Zeus.Two ideas come through in this movie . One is something that Katherine tells Frances , never to lose your childhood innocence , something told her long ago by Fifi , a.k.a. Federico Fellini . There 's a nod to Silvia 's fountain scene from La Dolce Vita involving her.The other is things falling into place even though the circumstances are n't right . In a moment of unsurety , Frances 's wish to one day have a family and wedding in a villa she wonders if she should have bought , is given an analogy by Martini , her real estate agent , who tells her of a railway build between the place and Vienna even there were no trains built in Italy . Eventually , the trains were built and were ready for the railway . Still another analogy is the story Katherine tells of hunting high and low for ladybugs . Tired , she fell asleep on the grass , and upon waking up , found herself covered with them.The scenery is a panoply of beauty , be it the sparkling blue Mediterranean , the fields of red flowers , or the white-columned buildings in the city . Diane Lane is a marvel as Frances , expressive in moments of hurt , doubt , and of course sheer joy , especially when she scores for the first time since her divorce . She even has a nice bemused laugh that charmed me , and her playing a character I wanted to root for through her trials . And she looks stunning in that white dress . I see a Best Actress nomination here . However , Lindsay Duncan steals the movie as Katherine , and despite her limited screen time , is certainly a character to watch . Best Supporting Actress maybe?And Vincent Riotta lends strong support as the reserved but sympathetic Martini . Movies comparable to this include A Room With A View and Enchanted April , on finding oneself and following one 's dreams even in the face of emotional disaster , so do n't automatically stick this with the `` chick flick '' label.So glad I went to see this the day before it left my local theatre !
 I am not a huge fan of the romantic comedy genre . More often than not , a romantic comedy is nothing more than a few good looking people thrown together and saddled with a lousy script . That 's not to say that there are n't notable exceptions , but for the most part they suck . Based on the previews for this movie , I did n't have high hopes , however I did receive a free pass to watch a sneak preview for the movie , so how could I say no?Having not read the book , I really did n't know what to expect . Let me tell you it was a pleasant surprise . For starters , Diane Lane was the perfect choice for the lead character Frances Mayes . She brings a natural reality to the character , instead of the saccharin sweet typically found in a romantic comedy . Diane instantly makes you feel like you know this woman . She 's your neighbor , or someone you work with . In the scene after she learns of her husband 's infidelities , she looks horrible - exactly like you 'd expect like a woman would look after traumatic news . Of course Diane Lane is a very beautiful woman and as the movie progresses that becomes more and more apparent . Luckily Diane is more than just a pretty face and her performance is stellar . The movie as a whole is understated , letting things play out instead of spelling everything out and Diane provides a wonderful tapestry for you to see what is happening to her . Her reactions tell you more than pithy dialog ever could and as a result you end up taking the journey with her.As much as I loved Diane Lane in this movie , she is surrounded by an incredible supporting cast . Sandra Oh , as the best friend , delivers an authentic performance . Instead of the typical `` funny sidekick '' so often played by those in the role of best friend , she 's down to earth and real . Raoul Bova plays the Italian lover and should make most women weak in the knees , but I found Vincent Riotta , the real estate agent , to be a much richer character . And speaking of rich characters , Lindsay Duncan plays a wonderful eccentric as Katherine who almost serves as a fairy godmother.Although the acting is surpurb , what brings it all together are the talents of Audrey Wells who serves as the screenplay writer , director and producer . Most of Audrey 's background has been in writing . This is only her second film as a director , yet you would n't know it by watching the film . Clearly Ms. Wells has a love of Italy and a love of the novel and all of that shows on the screen . She filmed in the cities that are represented and she hired actors that are the nationality in which they play and the age in which they should be . The entire films shines with authenticity and coupled with wonderful performances and directing , Audrey has redefined the romantic comedy.This movie was refreshing , witty , poetic , dramatic and rich with characters that you not only like , but identify with . It was such a breath of fresh air that I 'm ready to see it again and again .
 I read Frances Mayes 's book `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' before watching this film and gladly so . While the film took a different road than the book they both wound up smack dab in the middle of beautiful Tuscany each with its own brilliance.This film was adapted from an original memoir by writer/teacher Frances Mayes as she undertook the renovation of a Tuscan villa . The book is actually quite different than the story in the film but both are wonderful . Diane Lane stars as Frances and the story begins with divorce and the loss of love but it evolves into a sensual journey into Tuscany and ends with genuine love . Lane discovers herself while on a much needed vacation to Italy . She stumbles across a few signs that lead her to buy a beautiful , although run-down , Tuscan villa . This is where the real story begins filled with extraordinary shots of the beauty that can only be found in Tuscany and a brief examination of what makes life in Tuscany so amazing . Lane hires four workers , one Italian and three Polish , to renovate her treasured villa . Along the way walls fall down in clouds of billowing smoke , water boils where it should n't , thunder storms create havoc for humans and owls , olive trees begin to bear fruit , and relationships begin to form from a great supporting cast.This movie about a lost woman found is a true inspiration . Lane is excellent as the middle aged woman who loses her sense of self and discovers she never lost it after all . The movie is about life and love , beauty and new discoveries but mostly it is about family , that richness that gives us life , whether our own or one we pluck from available sources . The scenes are filled with the beauty of Italy , flowers in bloom , wine and food prepared with love and great effort is paid to the scenic views of such a rich country . Be prepared to look for signs of your own after watching this film , craving a table full of food with a family to sit down and enjoy it with and you may even find yourself booking the next flight to Tuscany for some villa shopping of your own under the glorious Tuscan sun of course .
 Thousands of years ago , long before the Romans came on the scene , Italy was under the hegemony of a people known as the Etruscans . Eventually they were conquered by the Romans and were absorbed into the Roman Empire . Today , there is but one place in Rome which gives a hint to their existence
 Diane Lane has always , even as a child reminded me of Natalie Wood . Both were child stars , both posses a similar beauty and way with a smile that turns up just so on the sides . Each is a multi-layered actress of considerable talent . And above all they have made me fall rapturously in love with them . My ability therefore to give a rational review of this film , `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' is reduced to that of a love struck thirteen year old boy.From the book of the same name by Frances Mayes the film is an altered and fresh look at the original . The direction and screenplay by Audrey Wells is top notch and she gives an insightful commentary on the DVD of her film . It is in her screenplay is where she really shines . She reshapes Mayes book into something magical and infuses it with the charm and glamour of Italy both in the flesh and in the movies.Vincent Riotta is the quite center to the story and is the romantic realist who gently leads Frances into her adventure in Italy . He commands your attention with a quiet and wise presence . Raoul Bova , one of the hottest stars in Italy brings just the right touch of romance and danger to his role as Marcello . In his final scene he is both honest and fair.Sandra Oh hits all the right notes of comedy and drama as Frances ' best friend Patti . Her remark on the steaming toilet is a study in comedy timing . Well , she is a master as anyone who has seen her work on Arliss can attest.The wonderful discovery in this film for me is the British actress , Lindsay Duncan who portrays Katherine , the ex-Fellini star who is trapped like a fly in amber by her film past but lives for today within her celluloid cocoon . Adding her to the mix puts just the right touch of cinema magic into the story . I am looking forward to see what she does on the upcoming HBO series `` Rome '' . Finally there is Miss Lane . Her work here is brilliant and filled with the grit and grime of a true actress at work . Yet it is seamless and so natural without a false move or an unsure moment . She inhabits Frances from frame one and caries her and the audience from her despair to rebirth and rejoicing in a new and unexpected life . Her eyes , her smile , her glowing skin become so real on the screen and we find we are given a gift from this actress of so many gifts . We are given the pure joy of watching her in the here and now inhabit a space in our hearts . With this film and her previous appearance in `` Unfaithful '' she joins the pantheon of stars that like Spencer Tracy , Ingrid Bergman , or Natalie Wood who make it all look so easy , so real .
 Did n't see the BD review on Blu-ray . com so thought I write a quick one . Just watched the BD version this week and actually very happy and impressed by the transfer and DTS audio . Would give the video a 4.5 stars out of 5 , and audio 5 out of 5 . The overall movie is just gorgeous on BD , and if you a big fan of the movie , I 'd say it 's money well spent for the double dip.Perhaps just a slight downside and that is the BD clarity and details do make Diane Lane look a tad older than she needs to be.But , still a great release and worthy purchase .
 I watch this movie at least once every winter . Not only does it take me away from Minnesota weather to glorious Tuscany , but it renews my spirit as well . -LRB- If you 've seen it , think lady bugs and train tracks . -RRB- But I 'm craving the blu-ray which will show off this gorgeous movie ! I see junk upon junk being released in blu-ray , and do n't understand why the makers do n't realize the upgrade market for movies with beautiful scenery such as this . It 's not just action that is improved in blu-ray ! I will click the `` add to cart '' button the minute this comes out ! And Amazon , plase give us the option to be notified when it happens .
 I call Under The Tuscan Sun my ` therapy ' movie because the main character finds herself depressed after divorce . She eventually realizes it is her choice to make her life even better . My favorite part is when she starts cooking for her neighbors and the construction crew . Her dreams come true in a simple but wholesome way . The story flows , is well-crafted , and has subtle parallels . Who would n't want to buy a villa in Italy ?
 A superb film . `` Tuscan Sun '' is a very well-made film and it is very well-acted by the brilliant Diane Lane who will no doubt find herself winning awards for this performance . It was touching , funny , moving , romantic , sexy and enjoyable . A very beautiful and entertaining movie ! 5 stars for being pretty much THE PERFECT COMEDY ! Highly recommended !
 `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is a beautifully filmed , charming , heartfelt and wise film with a delightful script and a tour de force performance by the lovely Diane Lane . I went into this film with very low expectations , boy am I sick of the continuous stream of worthless romantic drivel Hollywood has been turning out lately . This one is different , folks . It has something that most films do n't
 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN is a fantastic film that is chock-full of some classic moments . It has some great funny scenes -LRB- not in trailer incase your asking -RRB- and some very powerful dramatic moments as well . Diane Lane as the films heroine equips herself very well and just when you think the film might become cliched it sidesteps and keeps on going in it 's own stylish way . Beautiful to look at on the big screen as well . Fantastic film and look for Lane to get Oscar recognition again .
 it would have been better if the main character 's friends were straight . Hollywood has to stop promoting deviate lifestyles .
 Oscar nominee DIANE LANE shines in this wonderful comedy about changing your life for the better after a devastating blow . The film is wonderfully made , very funny , very sexy , and beautiful to look at . The scenery is breathtaking and the acting by DIANE LANE is tremendous . This is a very , VERY highly recommended film and the DVD looks like it has some cool extras as well ! 5 stars !
 There are so many reviews already for this 2003 movie that I did n't think one more was necessary , however , I have read so much unjust criticism of the film with regard to stereotypes and the Italian characters that I thought perhaps a few home facts from an Italian native might be in order -LRB- and I will try my hardest not to give away the plot -RRB- . For a start , the portrayal of the people is very well done , although it certainly shows Italians mostly on their best behaviour , but still very accurate . They are generally helpful , friendly and quick to accept Americans and other foreigners especially if the `` stranieri '' appear to sincerely appreciate a different lifestyle and do n't focus entirely on the inefficiencies and shortcomings that go along with it . The scene in the notary 's office is a very good example . The deal is done in a competent way but with a good dose of humanity . The people in the street scenes are as authentic as can be , they are Cortona residents and , unsurprisingly , speak with the local accent . The building crew are Polish and that explains their accents.I was amazed to find so much venom directed at the Marcello character . His behaviour became perfectly understandable if one grasped the fact that months had elapsed between their initial meeting and the later one . The parade of potential builders is obviously meant to be a comic caricature of personalities , but it really does n't stray too far from the truth . I have met people just like them . In fact , all the characters in the movie are fairly believable , the single exception being Ed , who -LRB- even considering his limited role -RRB- is completely wooden and exhibits the personality of the proverbial door-knob . I detest the term `` chick flick '' and this film does not deserve it . I think the story was handled with such a soft , restrained hand that it was misinterpreted as being lightweight , when in fact it dealt undramatically with many human dramas . Not everything has to be guts and gore to be heart-felt . I thought Diane Lane gave a perfectly nuanced performance , her character suffered a great deal and yet she tried to handle the collapse of her marriage and ultimately her entire life in a dignified and adult way . Any sensitive person would feel her distress , no histrionics needed . The many supporting actors also gave warm , masterfully well-judged performances ; particularly good , in my opinion , were Vincent Riotta , Lindsay Duncan and Pawel Szajda.The single failing of the film might be that grasping a random opportunity and rebuilding a happy life out of the ruins of your previous one is too often a dream that does not come true , but I will never complain about an optimistic and uplifting viewpoint . It certainly beats the current fixation with wallowing in the ugliest and vilest possible view of mankind which so-called `` serious '' film makers try to pass off as gritty realism.The photography is of the highest level , the Tuscan countryside and Positano coastline appear in all their glory -LRB- even off-season -RRB- and Audrey Wells did a great job of the screenplay and direction , despite the obvious technical challenges of adapting a book to the wide screen and , apparently , a tight budget . And finally , contrary to another common complaint , my OH and I both enjoy watching this beautiful production and do so at regular intervals whenever we need a bit of cheering up and a virtual visit to the Tuscany we know and love .
 This is without a doubt my favorite movie . I have ALWAYS wanted to go to Italy and this is exactly how I pictured it to look !! Would love to life there and have a house just like that one that needs some work . I would love to be able to fix up a house like that !! Hopefully one day I can go there and live ! Great movie !
 This warm , beautiful , and often magical film from Audrey Wells would surely have been an Academy Award darling if made decades ago , as its tone and message , not to mention performances , fit more into the old-style filmmaking of a Hollywood now long gone . Diane Lane is simply marvelous as a woman whose world is turned upside down by divorce . In an attempt to start her life over and recapture the joy in life , she purchases a run down villa in Tuscany . Audrey Wells , who directed and co-produced the film with Tom Sternberg , also adapted Frances Mayes ' book , giving this film the heavenly scent of grapes on the vine and the visual beauty of a field of sunflowers on an Italian hillside.Diane Lane is Frances , suddenly , and quite unexpectedly single again . Wondering how you breathe again when your world is shattered , Lane perfectly captures that stunned feeling of years wasted when a marriage ends . The wind is taken from the San Francisco writer 's sails when someone half her age takes her place , which though cliche 'd , is often the case . Sandra Oh of Grey 's Anatomy fame lends fine support as Frances 's friend , Patti , who refers to Frances 's new place as ` camp divorce ' . Adrift at sea emotionally , Frances has not moved forward despite having enough cash from the settlement to do so . When Patti experiences a similar heartbreak , she offers her friend the ticket to romantic Italy she can no longer use.Frances feels a change within herself , realizing if she truly is to recover from seeing her world crumble , she must build another one . After a chance meeting with Katherine -LRB- Lindsay Duncan -RRB- , a free-spirited former Fellini actress , Frances jumps in with both feet , purchasing a run-down Italian villa called Bramasole . Vincent Liotta is excellent as the kind and decent realtor , Martini , who will become a true friend to Frances . There is an especially touching scene between the two as Frances realizes she has bought a house for which she does n't have the life . The humorous elements of fixing up a 300 year old house on the hills of Tuscany are handled well by director Wells , adding great charm to a tender story , juxtaposing the ebb and flow of rebuilding a life and a villa . The happily married Martini has great affection for Frances nonetheless , aiding her by finding a group of Polish builders looking for work.The workers become part of her family as she refurbishes both her live and her villa . Pawel -LRB- Pawel Szajda -RRB- , the youngest of the workers , falls in love Chira -LRB- Giulia Steigerwalt -RRB- , the daughter of Frances 's next door neighbor daughter , prompting Frances to intercede for her new family member with the girl 's disapproving family . A simple white dress becomes a poignant image when Frances rediscovers the joy and excitement of new love with Marcello -LRB- Raol Bova -RRB- , only to discover there is pain in learning to live again . That realization is soon confirmed when a devastated and quite pregnant Patti shows up on her doorstep in need of a shoulder . It is Frances 's friend Martini who will come to her rescue again , however , opening her eyes to the fact that all her dreams have actually come true , if only she will use her heart to see them.This wonderful and life-affirming film ends at a wedding reception , proving that unthinkably good things can happen , even late in the game . The warmth and charm on display here is of another era , and was unfortunately scoffed at by many critics . Audrey Wells has made a sweet and ultimately joyful film about the living of life itself . A moist ocean breeze and the flavorful aroma of Italian food as it simmers seem to hang over every frame of celluloid used . Superlative photography from Geoffrey Simpson captures the many colors of Italy , the flag throwing festival where young Pawel tries to win over Chira 's parents especially beautiful . Christophe Beck 's score seems to fit every mood and situation without intruding upon the scene . Finally , Diane Lane gives a very gentle and old-style performance that fits the tone of this lovely film . Great and wonderful things occur even later in life , and often when we least expect them . That is the lovely message of this film .
 * spoilers * This has to be one of my favorite chick flicks I 've watched . While most others are completely predictable and hackneyed , this one throws some curve balls in there to make it unique.Go watch `` Eat Pray Love '' and you 'll see the major differences in , what is essentially , the same story . Frances is a much more relatable and likable character who 's motivations and fears are fully fleshed out . Both movies suffer from the travel stereotypes , but `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' explores the relationship that Frances develops with her new home . Settling in Italy was a spur of the moment decision in avoidance of going back to a life she hates -LRB- rather than making a separate decision to `` find herself '' in another country -RRB- . Living in this run down house did n't solve her problems , but was a metaphor for her working through the failure of her marriage.My two absolute favorite parts of this movies is the fact that , unlike every other chick flick in existence , Frances gets everything she wanted out of life , but not in the way she imagined . She tried so hard to make a new romantic interest work to replace what she lost , but she realized that romance was not enough . It is n't until she realizes how wonderful her life really was , despite her lack of romance , that the One enters into the picture . I loved that the One was n't an integral part of the story , but rather the icing on top of the cake .
 Required Watching for anyone going through a divorce ! After a painful divorce , Francis takes a trip to Italy and on a whim , buys a villa . You 'll laugh at her attempts to rebuild her villa and rebuild her life in this heartfelt movie . It will inspire you to rebuild your life even if you ca n't afford a villa !
 By the title of this movie , you really can tell what you 're in for , beautiful Tuscany!This film goes way beyond the typical ` romantic comedy ' , it really is all about one woman 's struggle and happiness , -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- of putting her life all back in order after her cheating husband decides he does not love her anymore ; and after ludicrous demands from the husband in a very short legal realm . She is off to try to put her life in order.With the beautiful support of her best friend , Sandra Oh -LRB- who does a brilliant character study of her own in this movie -RRB- as her friends trade in their tickets to the unbelievable beautiful Tuscany , for a single ticket for their dear friend Frances -LRB- Lane -RRB- , who after a bit of persuading takes it and takes off !!! What could be a better dream for oneself , then to have wonderful friends , like these , during these horrid times in life ? Oh and her friends were originally going to use the tickets together themselves , although decide it more adequate for Frances to take this necessary vacation.While on a bus tour in Italy , Frances spies a villa that she is captivated with instantaneously , gets off to find out the particulars and ends up purchasing it , with all it 's foibles and beauty.Frances hires local men who ultimately become ` her away from home family ' , to all help restore the home and landscape to what it was-somewhat , like before . It is centuries old now.This lovely film is more a ` romance ' , if you will , of a new country
 I admit . I am weird . I admit it . I love this movie . I like the whole concept of the players in this game they all have nicknames and radical costumes that fit the players personalities . I was just drawn to it . The whole atmosphere seems amazing and as a sports fan it just clicked . So check it out if your into sports be it extreme or not . Why not round up your Monday night football crew and watch before the next game ? Talk about a warm up ~
 But I also see the gratest ... . Accidental Love Story in Movie History ... The Old Black Widow Snags her Young White Texan ... And Her Youthful Strength Returns ... And The Love of her life She Finds ... Fantasy Realized ... Unity So sweet to burn
 I did not think I would like this movie , but was pleasantly surprised . Fast paced , action filled and very entertaining .
 this is the coolest movie ever made . it 's fun and has lots of action . my favorite scene was when rebecca - romajin - stamos was naked . i think shes a very hot actress and she needs to be in more movies . this was perfect and i loved the soundtrack also . i mean i love the song never going to stop me by rob zombie . rent it turn on your system and watch this for the 1 hour and a half it lasts and you will be pleased . it 's kinda funny too . i mean the end what she says to chris klein .
 This movie was great.I do n't know why a lot of people say this movie really stunk.It 's about Jonathon Cross who is waiting for his big break.When he runs into Marcus Ridley , Marcus talks to him about Rollerball.So Jonathon decides to go with Ridley.It starts off as a dangerous game , until it goes way out of hand.They do n't know who is behind this.In conclusion Rollerball is an excellent action packed movie .
 This remake could better be understood and appreciated if one looks at it as a `` prequel '' rather than a `` remake '' . The original Rollerball is set in the far future in a 1984ish society , were as the `` remake '' is set only 3 years in the future -LRB- more or less it is happening right now -RRB- , were the keystones of corporate society are just beginning to be set by globalization . And as you know in the `` real world , '' two of the main players of globalization in the Middle East and Central Asia is the Red Mafia and Islamdom , which of coarse are dependent on Rollerball in the `` remake '' for their wealth . Yes , there are differences in the two versions . Rollerball in the `` remake/prequel '' is like most novelty sports -LRB- XFL , WWF , NWO , X-Games -RRB- ; the players are social rejects -LRB- criminals , psychotics , Goths , thrill seekers , or athletes from mainstream sports that play too rough -RRB- , it is a coed sport -LRB- so much in this sport , that the leader of the Istanbul Hawks is a woman , despite representing an Islamic State
 The movie was in great shape and it was shipped the next day , Thank you
 I personally think that this was a good movie because it has action and thrill .
 I 'm not sure why this movie did n't do well . It has it 's faults but so do many movies that others praise . My biggest complaint about this movie is it has several editing problems . Overall ... It is a very entertaining action movie with a fantastic story line .
 Very exciting with a healthy amount of drama . I 'm not sure why this movie did n't do well . It has it 's faults but so do many movies that others praise . My biggest complaint about this movie is it has several editing problems . Overall ... It is a very entertaining action movie with a fantastic story line .
 This remake could better be understood and appreciated if one looks at it as a `` prequel '' rather than a `` remake '' . The original Rollerball is set in the far future in a 1984ish society , were as the `` remake '' is set only 3 years in the future -LRB- more or less it is happening right now -RRB- , were the keystones of corporate society are just beginning to be set by globalization . And as you know in the `` real world , '' two of the main players of globalization in the Middle East and Central Asia is the Red Mafia and Islamdom , which of coarse are dependent on Rollerball in the `` remake '' for their wealth . Yes , there are differences in the two versions . Rollerball in the `` remake/prequel '' is like most novelty sports -LRB- XFL , WWF , NWO , X-Games -RRB- ; the players are social rejects -LRB- criminals , psychotics , Goths , thrill seekers , or athletes from mainstream sports that play too rough -RRB- , it is a coed sport -LRB- so much in this sport , that the leader of the Istanbul Hawks is a woman , despite representing an Islamic State
 The original 1975 film provoked thought about society and how mankind chose comfort over free choice . This movie is more about the trouncing of participants in the roller derby sport I used to watch on 1970 's television . So the only things in common between the two films are the name and the fact a ball rolls around a rink in a violent sport.If one can disassociate the first film from this one , then this version can actually be fun . In a brief synopsis , the star rollerballer in a central asian ring discovers that the league ownership is manipulating television ratings by staging violent scenes on the rink . When he and a fellow American -LRB- played adequately by LL Cool J -RRB- decide to save their own necks by fleeing to the boarder , they are hunted down by the Russian thugs before they can make good their escape . The inclusion of a Dutch motorcyclist , played by Rebecca Romijn-Stamos , provided the movie with a love interest.The final game is a bit unrealistic as the wounded star , played by Chris Klein who surprisingly looks like a junior Keanu Reeves , stays alive on the rink long enough to confront his opponents in the front office.All in all , better than I expected , as long as I kept in mind it was not the same as the original .
 It 's really not that bad . I thought it was kind of cool . If you can pickup a used copy for a couple bucks , , , go for it .
 I thought this was a great remake . The movie is full of action . LL Cool J was awesome . I recommend this movie for a good action flick .
 The 2002 version of Rollerball takes off with excitement from the first moment and keeps up the pace through the entire film ! It 's not really fair to call this a remake of the 1975 version , which is good in its own rights . This takes the basic premise of the Rollerball game , but instead of being set in some futuristic sci-fi world , it places the game in our current time . Now that the Soviet Union has broken up into independent countries , men who were powerful under the Soviet government still seek to remain in power . Rollerball team owners are incredibly powerful men - men who are not willing to give up the trappings of power . They use their power with impunity , resorting to extortion , force , threats to accomplish their goals.The pace can become fast and furious . Much as if this were a real sport , the movie is cut with the style that would be appreciated by afficianados of this sort of sport - similar to the way professional wrestling is marketed . The fast cuts , choppy action , insertion of elements such as the player 's trading cards , persistent music , all help focus on the experience that the Rollerball fans would relish.Chris Klein and L.L. Cool J are two Americans on a team based in Kazakstan -LRB- my apologies for any spelling errors -RRB- . Their team travels to compete against teams in other Central Asian countries . When the TV ratings begin to drop , the team owners resort to any means possible to keep the ratings up . The methods used , in light of the political situation in that area of the world , are entirely plausible and believable . One should take note of the subtle ways that are used to control the team members.Although younger viewers may enjoy the action scenes and the music , more mature viewers will enjoy those plus the intrigue . I was already an adult when the original Rollerball was released , and I 'm quite pleased with this version .
 ... but , gentle reader , I believe this movie is not the horror that the previous few reviewers thought it would be.To begin , John McTiernan does n't faithfully redo classics . Instead , he changes them into a modern action film with modern concepts and modern values , and almost always with better than average , and often exceptional , characters . Think of the aforementioned `` Thomas Crowne Affair ''
 A reporter tries to balance his loyalty to friends with his personal integrity in this drama . Martin -LRB- Timothy Hutton -RRB- is a newspaperman from Detroit who has just published a book on organized crime . Doc -LRB- Joe Pantoliano -RRB- , his close friend , has low-level connections to the Mob , and helped him get much of the information . While working on a story , Martin meets Sara -LRB- Michelle Burke -RRB- , an exotic dancer with a complex story . He and Sara find themselves attracted to one another , and a romance grows between them , but Sara is angered when Martin uses deeply personal details of her story in one of his columns . After Martin promises Sara he 'll never again betray her confidence , Doc approaches him with an offer -- a movie studio has expressed an interest in Martin 's book , and Doc is having a cash-flow problem that 's put him in debt to Mob loan sharks . Why not make Doc the producer on the movie so he can make some quick money and pay off the thugs ? While Martin weighs the wisdom of this course of action , a studio chief tells Martin he 's interested in his recent column about the stripper ; if he can integrate the story into his book , they 're certain to make a deal . The Last Word also stars Richard Dreyfuss , Chazz Palminteri , Cybill Shepherd , and Roma Downey . ... The Last Word -LRB- Cosa Nostra
 It was n't until the end credits when I saw that writer/director Tony Spiridakis ' film was based on a play that I could fathom the reason for his Clifford Odets-ian blather which passes as dialogue . Spiridakis was fortunate to be able to direct his own material - he manages to make a contribution to the genre of wacked auteur classics which teeters between genius and lunacy . These kind of films have their own fascination and Spiridakis ' is just as strangely compelling . I can imagine anybody else wanting to excise these pungently lyrical encounters and pare down the treatment to it 's plot points , but perhaps there is no way to do this , since it 's hard to genre-place the material . It begins in Detroit as a mafioso thriller of sorts with Chaz Palminteri threatening Timothy Hutton as a the writer of a column `` Scenes From Everyday Life '' . Hutton has collected his writing into a book which has Palminteri in threatening mode , since Hutton exposes the underworld low life , which has `` consequences '' . The title of Hutton 's column and book scream irony and the notion of writer as a mythological figure , a modern day Cassandra , is perhaps a little too much of an ego trip for Spiridakis . Things become more surreal when Hollywood calls and options Hutton 's book , with the proviso that he includes the latter material he has published on a stripper named Caprice . Caprice is aptly named , a `` class act '' who strips wearing hideous clown orange glow lipstick and a peroxide wig to the sounds of classical music . -LRB- In the real world this kind of stripper would be fired after her first set -RRB- . Naturally she and Hutton become an item and with Hutton 's childhood friend , Joe Pantoliano , relocate to L.A. . The L.A. scenes are said to show Hollywood 's darker side , though they are most memorable for the star cameos Spiridakis features . Richard Dreyfuss , Tony Goldwyn , Cybill Shepherd , and Jimmy Smits make brief appearances -LRB- Smits gets 7 words -RRB- which is proof that either Spiridakis ' dialogue can cast a wide spell or that he pays well . Palminteri only got one scene as well . Spiridakis presenst all this with a straight face , with the occasional Toni Childs croaker on the soundtrack , intercutting between Caprice painting and Hutton having sex with someone else , split second flashbacks to Caprice 's tragic past -LRB- which includes a Golden Boy violin -RRB- , and an amusing opening with the entrance of a long-stemmed flower box thought to be a machine gun at Hutton 's book launch . His screenplay features endlessly quotable thearical flourishes though my favourites are a line to Caprice - `` It 's not easy to love the way you do and still be alive '' , and how Hutton is required to produce a screenplay `` with teeth '' . Hutton performs his duets with Michelle Burke as Caprice in hushed reverential tones , as opposed to the yelling that takes place between him and Pantoliano . Panoliano probably comes off the best , since he tends to rush through his lines . There is an interesting parallel between the two men and the leads in Sweet Smell of Success , with Pantoliano like Tony Curtis ' Sidney Falco . Burke however comes off the worst . It does n't help that she resembles Holly Hunter , but having none of Hunter 's ability , and she gets Spiridakis ` worst excesses , like a montage of silent screams . Movies about Hollywood are always a little odd , just from the fact that it doubles the illusion , but this is one of the oddest .
 Although , I willingly admit , the beginning of this movie begins with some very weak dialogue , by the end of the movie , you begin to realize it 's all a joke.Quick synopis
 Mesmerizing , Haunting , & Touching are words to describe this movie . The characters , well acted and their stories get under one 's skin . A must see .
 I truly think that Joe Pantoliano is one of the best support-actors in our days . Nowadays there are too many boring an stupid comedian actors and supposed `` new talents '' . Joe gives off a special male sexuality like few could do in a film . It 's very complicated the sort of roles he has to develop , because there is no a `` hero '' compensation in none of them .
 Adrian Pasdar and Diane Lane stand out as the med students who fall in love . The rest of the cast is just as talented and the majority of characters are three-dimensional -LRB- except the `` bad guy '' -RRB- . This is an interesting look into the lives of med students
 Very well taken movie that depicts the sacrifices and passion required for medical profession . Background score goes very well with the movie .
 Ive looked for this movie for years and it was great to get it . The sound and picture are great.Its Amazons standards
 Good story on the corny side , but good acting , comfortable to watch with teens with the exception of one scene NO FOUL LANGUAGE ! I love it .
 Fun movie , but the tape quality listed as `` NEW '' has faded colors - VHS tapes just do n't hold up . Arrived on time and otherwise in excllent condition
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . Ive had it on VHS for years and am glad that I was able to find on DVD . Im a sucker for medical , and romance , this offers both .
 If you love medical shows , this is a great movie to see . It has a great story that revolves around interns at a teaching hospital with Jimmy Smits as their mentor and the struggles and trials they face day to day at learning to become doctors as well as the intertwine of their personal lives with their work . It is a great movie that I would recommend to anyone . I have seen it several times and still enjoy seeing it again .
 `` Vital Signs '' is a high adrenalin drama focussing on the lives of first year Surgical Residents at a large metropolitan hospital . The TV series `` St. Elsewhere '' together with `` Vital Signs '' may have set the tone for TV series such as `` ER '' and `` Chicago Hope '' , but `` Vital Signs '' most certainly has set the tone for `` Grey 's Anatomy '' . Jimmy Smits turns every character he plays into a golden moment . His role in this film , as mentor to the young doctors , is no exception . If you love `` Grey 's Anatomy '' , you 'll really appreciate `` Vital Signs '' .
 This decades old movie centers around the currently fashionable '99 trend towards voluntary simplicity in lifestyle . It made a huge impression on me when I first saw it at the Orson Wells Cinema in Cambridge , MA , back in the ' 70 's . I told people it was the best movie I 'd ever seen , and I tried to find it again . Finally , two decades later , I saw it was playing in Venice CA ! -- it seemed somewhat dated , not `` the best movie I 'd ever seen '' but it is unique , a classic , and simply should be experienced .
 I came upon this movie late one night on TV and just had to see it to the end . I remember every gag -LRB- even if I did n't laugh out loud when I saw them -RRB- . This was the first post-modern movie ... made in 1972 ! Orson Welles seemed to be playing the role that he really wanted to always play ; a tap dancing magician maestro . Are there any other fans out there ?
 I really liked this movie , but I do have to admit it 's not for everyone 's tastes . I was a huge Smothers Brothers fan growing up , and I was able to rent this movie from the video store . The film was actually made in 1969 but put on the shelf for three years before it was finally released . I think this is also Brian De Palma 's directorial debut . And I do have to agree , the John Astin part is hilarious !
 I got 3/4 of this movie late one night and never forgot it . The scene with John Astin in the hotel setting up his exec doodahs is priceless !
 Even if it 's not the first Brian De Palma 's film -LRB- The Wedding Party , Hi , Mom ! and Dyonnisos 69 were made before -RRB- , is the first one for a major . And it shows the influences both of the Nouvelle Vague school -LRB- De Palma always was a hugue fan of Jean-Luc Godard 's work -RRB- and the best american filmmakers -LRB- Hitchcock , of course , but Welles , Hawks and the animation geniuses on the Warner 's Golden Era -RRB- . Get To Know Your Rabbit is a witty , well made , political and social comedy , with a lot of fun and a precise sense of satire . Even if the `` message '' it 's now a little dated - just a little , the world has not improve itself as much as we could wanted - it 's still delivers excellent performances and a comic view both of the entertainment world and the capitalism system . And , of course , you has Orson Welles and John Astin at his finest . This film was made prior to Phantom of the Paradise , so you can see all the style of one of the best american filmmakers on the last four decades .
 A guilty -- but perhaps not all that guilty -- pleasure . A small comedic indie made by Brian De Palma way back in hisGreetingsandHi , Mom!days , it still retains a charming , if somewhat adolescent , absurdism . Tommy Smothers plays a corporate dropout in a loveless relationship who yearns to become a tap-dancing magician , taught by none other than Orson Welles 's Mr. Delasandro in full pretentious mentoring mode . Add Katherine Ross as the adoring new girlfriend , Allan Garfield as a brassiere maker in search of his perfect woman , and especially the wonderful John Astin as a laid off executive-turned-derelict-turned-executive and you have the sort of bizarre , off-kilter type of fun movie you would have seen as a college student at a midnight showing in theaters during the late 60 's / early 70 's . Innocently subversive.And can any movie that bills -LRB- correctly -RRB- an early Katherine Ross as `` Terrific-Looking Girl '' be all that bad ?
 This movie is not for everyone , but I love the absurd humor . Every character in it is irrational in some way . Where films today would probably mock the characters in a mean way , this film has more of a sad and sweet acceptance of their eccentricities . It respects the courage of human beings who have obviously been damaged by the hardships of life but still continue to muddle through . Just like real life .
 I saw this in New Orleans in 1973 , I then and now believe it was a very smartlly done comedy , with Tommy Smothers playing the hard-working executive , who wants to be ... well see it and you may join me in my praise of this dark comedy ... I believe it was n't supported by the studio and failed to get the proper publicity it deserved , real shame ! This was a brilliant comedy !!!!!
 I was a kid magician , then a teen magician -LRB- utterly deadly in the late sixties -- doug henning had not yet liberated magic nor had geekiness turned chic -RRB- and I was a total fan of the Smothers Brothers -LRB- it was the hippest show on television , and is still too politically subversive to be shown in it 's entirety -RRB- and I was a huge fan of Orson Welles -LRB- who was also a kid magician , he once went by the stage name `` The Great Delassandro '' which is , quite intentionally , his name in this movie.I had this friend named Lisa , a little older than I. Lisa -LRB- who now goes by the name Iris -RRB- and I used to go to movies , listen to records , hang out and make sandwiches , that sort of thing . In those days you could see many classic movies in ` revival ' and ` art ' theaters , and at one of these we caught the only week ever you could see this film on a big screen.Stanley Beeman 's life sucks . He is an anonymous faceless executive in an anonymous faceless job at a generic soul robbing company . His girlfriend leaves him , then comes back just to make him crazy -LRB- I was thirteen when I first saw this movie and did n't really understand that this was stark realism until some years later -RRB- and , mysteriously somebody comes to tune the piano they do n't have.My favorite parts : Art Metrano describing brassieres . -LRB- if you do n't fall off your chair laughing at this you have no joy -RRB- Welles teaching how to handle hecklersSmothers to the thrift store clerk
 Although this documentary was released a long time ago , it shows the creativity and imagination Fellini had making films , without a script and and ad libbing or dubbing in dialog after the scenes were shot . Who would have known ? Very informative and I love LA DOLCE VITA and SATYRICON.A great Italian director . The actresses that were in his films many years ago , are now senior citizens and discuss his movie making they went through . He should be remembered .
 I really liked the part when John Candy was at the firing range . This movie is one of Candy 's greatest .
 Released several months before D.W. Griffith 's INTOLERANCE , Thomas H. Ince 's large scale production CIVILIZATION was the cry for peace that worked -LRB- at least temporarily -RRB- . It is credited with helping Woodrow Wilson win reelection in 1916 for keeping America out of World War I . This rather heavy handed allegory of a kingdom brought to ruin as a result of war did turn out to be remarkably prophetic.What makes the film so fascinating today are its Dante like depictions of Heaven and Hell with Jesus himself acting as the guide . Producer Ince and directors Raymond B. West and Reginald Barker spared no expense in depicting the horrors of war . The battle scenes are large scale and the brutality is shocking . If the acting is sometimes over the top remember this was meant to be a `` message '' picture . Subtle it is n't . CIVILIZATION is much more than an interesting curio and is definitely worth seeing.My biggest complaint is with the original 1916 piano score by Victor Schertzinger which is reproduced on this video . It seems trite and surprisingly inappropriate for the intensity of the film 's story although the orchestral score may have worked better . Schertzinger , a capable musician and director , is best remembered today for making the early ROAD pictures with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby . However a newer , darker score like Ennio Morricone 's for RICHARD III would have made this film much more effective . It just goes to show how important a musical score can be especially for a silent film . It is interesting to note that CIVILIZATION was a box office success while INTOLERANCE a better film on a similar theme would fail at the box office after the U.S. entered the war . This video is one of five from Kino International 's FIRST AMERICAN FEATURES :1912 -1918 series .
 This is another superb and special film from the First American Features 1912-1918 series -LRB- wish there were many more like these ! -RRB- which makes a bold and daring statement , namely that we 're not civilized if we go to war . The emphasis is on the Christian principle to `` love thy neighbor '' and even Christ himself is active in this unusual film , helping war-greedy humans to realize the tragedy of war and turn to peace instead . It would be a strong anti-war protest even in our day , and one wonders how this 1916 pacifict cry would be received today . But it 's still more than just a powerful message for peace and Christianity because we are shown real people that tug at our heart-strings
 Zelia and her crack band celebrate a yearlong alliance by recording one of their `` rehearsals '' at the Cultural Center in Rio . Beautifully filmed and edited -LRB- except for some frontal shots of Zelia where the camera seems to shake -RRB- , this DVD was recorded one years after the CD of the same name . It 's fascinating to hear how the songs evolved after a year of working together . So many highlights , I ca n't even begin ... but will simply mention that Zelia is in top form and wearing a beautiful dress!Just check it out -- you 'll be glad you did ! Maravilhosa !!! Beleza , Zelia !!!!!
 This is an excellent DVD . The music is fantastic , the singer is great and the musicians are the best . I highly recommend it !
 I really enjoyed this movie . I liked it when I was younger . Like a reviewer said . . this movie gets right to the point and it does not waste time with boring talk . The movie gives you what guys really wan na see HOT HOT ladies in and out of teeny thong bikinis , sponging themselves off , dancing , sex scenes . I enjoyed that they made the inside of the carwash itself a kind of stripper place for the sexy ladies . Like when you see the glowing light , girls dancing through the carwash curtains and other stuff . very cute . Plus I thought the opening scene was priceless ... A sexy lady , built like a brickhouse in her teeny teeny thong bikini , strutting and dancing listening to her music on the beach . She even turns around and gives one lucky guy a full great ass shot . if you enjoy sexy ladies in and out of skimpy thongs you should have 87 minutes of fun here . I thought all the ladies were hot especially the dark haired , Kristi Ducati and petite sexy blond Sara Suzanne Brown as sunny . Enjoy !!
 I do n't really have to talk about the movie itself . Anyone who has seen it knows this is the best bikini movie ever made . What I want to talk about is the DVD . Growing sick of seeing the OUTRAGEOUS prices the crooks here on amazon are selling the Region 1 dvd for , I decided to just break down and buy the much cheaperThe Bikini Carwash Company -LRB- The Bikini Carwash Company One -RRB- -LRB- The Bikini Carwash Company I -RRB- -LSB- NON-USA FORMAT , PAL , Reg .2 Import - United Kingdom -RSB- Well it arrived today and much to my surprise , it is REGIONLESS . I had popped it into my normal DVD player , just to check , and sure enough , it played perfectly through.So stick it to these greedy jerks on amazon selling the Region 1 DVD for over a hundred bucks and buy the U.K. one . Just so you know , the cover has a red circle with an 18 in it .
 No plot , very little talking , tons of high-quality flesh - all you could hope for from this genre in one package
 The one guy say this was the best movie made , and goes into details of direction and and the strategies and whatnot . That 's a load of crap , this movie has no plot , as the first post suggests and its full of non stop flesh action . Just the way it oughtta be !!!!
 I believe the Bikini Car Wash company is one of the best movies ever made . Ed Hansen 's direction was simply magnificent . The all star cast of this movie was simply phenominal . I enjoyed the brilliant strategies that were employed by the woman to save their company . With there heart and percerverence that thankfully were able to save their company . I 'm shocked and appalled that this movie was overlooked in the Oscars .
 The 2 Bikini Car Wash movies are superlative in delivering T & A . The plots are okay , they are much better than most B grade movies . My wife loves to watch both and never objects to the constant exposure of women 's breasts . And that of course is the major appeal in these films . Bikini tops and other forms of women 's clothing are constantly removed in situations sometimes ridiculous , but always appealing . These movies are enjoyed at a base level
 The `` Experts '' do n't use the right criteria when they review this flick . It 's not a genuine movie , but simply the best soft-porn skinflik this viewer has yet seen . Unlike most of the genre , which tease you with endless boring scenes , and only rarely getting around to the reason you are really watching -LRB- to see gorgeous women in various states of undress -RRB- , this one is nearly nonstop semi-nudity of truly beautiful women . The coy naughtiness of the girls , and the addition of a few scenes of mock-sex , are major plusses . Done ' t waste your money elsewhere ! If you want to own one enjoyable titillation movie , this is the one !
 I have spent my life looking for the perfect T&A movie . This one is the one . As an adolescent I grew up watching this , and now as an adult I am honored to finally own my first copy . I will cherish this DVD with all my heart , and it will never leave my house . Thank you soft porn producer Joe Dusic , Thank You !!!
 Unlike a lot of other relatively tasteful T&A throw-aways , this `` film '' uses the full titalation tools
 The Citizen Kane of T&A flicks ! An absolute classic , filled with gorgeous girls who wear bikinis that just do n't stay on for 2 long ! But I disagree with the others - it 's a really cute plot , and a great vehicle for some great nudity ! Kristi Ducati -LRB- yummy -RRB- , Neriah Davis -LRB- pre-boob job , unfortunately -RRB- , and Sara Suzanne Browne are the cutest little bimbos ever to grace the screen !
 You will not be disappointed if you like to see beautiful women and nudity . You will be disappointed if you expect an Oscar winning performance , a twisted double-plot , or anything of educational value .
 No one in this film would ever win an academy award for anything , no would the film itself . That aside , you 'd have to look long and hard to find a film with more T&A -LRB- good stuff -RRB- than this ones got . The movie itself and the dumb plot are childishly enjoyable . One of the most hillarious elements is the carwash owner who seems to be immune to any type of testosterone attacks despite the fact that he 's got scantily clad -LRB- or not ! -RRB- women running around all over the place waiting for the chance to have sex ! One hillarious film .
 What can I say ?! This movie is most certainley the pinnacle of T&A entertainment . Regardless of the fact that this 90 minute movie has only 20 minutes of original film , it is all priceless . From the beginning to the end my eyes were riveted to the screen . Long live late night TV !
 Lots of gratuitous and unnecessary nudity . The girls are hot , and the extra poses at the end are great . Two thumbs up !
 Girls are cute and really attractive . Most enjoyable little film especialy if you like bikini tops falling off and boobs exposed .
 Stumbled on this one while channel surfing on cable ... It has already started some time ago . So I went on Amazon and bought the soft copy so I can watch it immediately .
 Good mystery , some good twists ! From the beginning to the end it keeps you guessing!Also enjoy the leading man when he was a younger man !
 A regular nail biter
 It was great ! I love the NEW DVD , it came on time and in excellent condition , ALL sellers should be like this , I would buy more things .
 This is an amazing thriller . You 'll be surprised . The script is really great and the movie is well directed .
 Timothy Hutton plays a Science Fiction author who , although he has written many novels , is best known for his first book about a song that haunted him . The song returns with a vengeance in the film and it is up to him to find a way to stop it from killing others . This was a nice tight thriller with fine acting by Hutton and David Kelly who may be familiar from Charlie and the Chocolate factory or Waking Ned Devine . It kept me guessing until the end -LRB- which is fairly hard to do -RRB- . The background of beautiful Mediterranian locations make this a great movie to help escape from the summer heat .
 I was somewhat surprised with this one.David Norton is a writer who 's story Gloomy Sunday is comming to life.His girlfriend tosses herself out of a window after answering her cell.David watches a DVD where a monkey bashes himself inside a glass container.To tell you everything in here would be a crime.Its a puzzler watching this one.The acting is very good and directing is also very good.I throughly enjoyed this one !
 Timothy Hutton plays David Norton , a successful sci-fi writer who is invited to speak at a conference in Majorca . While enjoying the amenities he takes the opportunity to propose to his girlfriend , but their celebratory evening is cut short after Norton finds a DVD on the bed , which is found to contain some disturbing material . While he ponders the strange gift , she receives a mysterious call on her cell phone and decides that she `` Might as well jump . jump ! Might as well jump.Go ahead , jump . jump ! Go ahead , jump . '' * Simultaneously , Silvia -LRB- Lucia Jimenez -RRB- awakens after an evening of carousing with a friendly disc jockey , and while she is in the shower she is interrupted by the ringing of her cell phone , the caller ID reading `` Gloomy Sunday '' . The next thing she knows , she 's thinking `` Might as well jump . jump ! Might as well jump.Go ahead , jump . jump ! Go ahead , jump . '' * She awakens in hospital , and learns that she has jumped off the balcony in an apparent suicide attempt , foiled by the fortunate placement of a canvas awning , more suited to catching the rays of the sun than falling nudes.At the hospital she sees the grief-stricken David , and realizes that something is terribly wrong on the island . Sure enough , a rash of unexplained suicides erupts , and after she is attacked by a hypodermic wielding man , the two join forces to solve the mystery . The trail leads them to Frank Kovak , a scientist given to creative experimentation , and subsequently to Norton becoming a leading character straight out one of his books.After a slow start , this film picks up nicely , and although Timothy Hutton is an unlikely choice for a leading man in an action film , his co-star Jimenez more than makes up for his shortcomings . David Kelly does not quite master the `` evil villain '' role , but manages to personify an extremely sinister and creepy old coot with an almost visible aura of rottenness hanging in the air around him.The movie draws largely from an urban legend about a depressing Hungarian song re-titled `` Gloomy Sunday '' -LRB- sung in the movie by Heather Nova , but also covered by Billie Holiday , Paul Robeson , Mel Torm&eacute; , Sinead O'Connor , Sarah McLachlan and others -RRB- , said song being more than enough to make you think that you `` Might as well jump . jump ! Might as well jump.Go ahead , jump . jump ! Go ahead , jump . '' * The premise has been handled better in other movies , but once you get past the first part , you should enjoy this one.Amanda Richards , May 27 , 2007 * Note
 THE KOVAK BOX is a successful little suspense/psychological thriller from the Spanish writers Daniel Monz&oacute;n -LRB- who also directs -RRB- and Jorge Guerricaechevarr&iacute;a . The story may be a bit far fetched , but then what horror story is n't ? The premise for the tale holds up well and is aided by some very fine performances by a mixture of Spanish , English , and American actors . The mood of the film is beautifully set during opening credits by a complex maze in which a white rat sniffs and ambulates from confusing corner to confusing wall - just the manner in which director Monz&oacute;n plans to tell his story.David Norton -LRB- Timothy Hutton -RRB- is a celebrated science fiction novelist visiting Majorca for a special conference accompanied by his soon to be fianc&eacute;e Jane -LRB- Georgia Mackenzie -RRB- . David has been having premonitions on his flight to the conference and those brooding thoughts continue as he registers for the conference and finds little disturbing clues that culminate in Jane 's suicide leap from their hotel balcony . Almost simultaneously an attractive Spanish girl Silvia -LRB- Luc&iacute;a Jim&eacute;nez -RRB- in the same hotel ` jumps ' from her balcony but is saved from death by falling onto an awning . Jane dies in the hospital
 This is an excellent film , with more twists and turns in the plot than a snake in a pretzel factory . Highly recommended !
 Powerful performance by Timothy Hutton . Original plot and great acting make it a must see syspense movie . A very unusual plot that really keeps your attantion . Best of all it is a -LRB- A -RRB- movie so it does n't need a lot of usless nudity to fill in the gaps in the plot . I was very pleased with my purchase .
 Prolific sci-fi writer , David Norton -LRB- Timothy Hutton -RRB- is at a conference in Majorca . All seems perfect , as David is the guest of honor , and even uses the occasion to ask his girlfriend to marry him . David is approached by an elderly man -LRB- David Kelly -RRB- who is a huge fan , and has some rather cryptic things to say . David thinks nothing of it and moves on . When he and his bride-to-be arrive at their posh hotel room , things begin to unravel . David finds a bizarre DVD on the bed containing what appears to be animal torture . The phone rings , The fiancee commits `` suicide '' , and David 's life is thrust into a nightmare world of governmental control , conspiracy , and mass murder . He is joined by Silvia -LRB- Luca Jim&eacute;nez -RRB- who is the only person David can trust . THE KOVAK BOX is a mental labyrinth , an invisible trap where David is confined and compelled by stimuli to do the bidding of the insane Frank Kovak . Kovak is able to manipulate David in broad daylight , without fear of discovery or interruption . How is this possible ? Ah , that 's half the fun ! David soon realizes that Kovak is not only deranged , but has built the box so well that there may be no way of escape . I found this movie to be exhilerating from start to finish , plot holes and all ! Well worth owning ...
 This DVD is like taking a private class with Zahar Zuhair . She begins by explaining the stylized differences between Egyptian , Lebanese and western belly dance . She also reviews proper execution of the basic moves she will be using , including the legs and feet which are often overlooked . As she connects the moves together into seamless combinations , she leaves nothing to chance . She clearly demonstrates where the change from one move to another occurs as well as addresses hands and arms . The end result is a series of smooth and silky combinations that can be worked into any performance . This is a multi level DVD and appeal to even the most advanced dancer .
 Zahra is a very good teacher , and she does the movements slowly so one can follow up , although sometimes it was hard to see the move , especially the figure eight when not done by itself , but I 'm sure dancers will figure it out . Very good DVD , I liked it . Worth my money .
 This is a wonderful video . Teachings egyptian technique and combos - I love it . It has helped me become a better dancer .
 This is the Movie that started the 60 's TV series Gentle Ben about a relationship between a boy and his bear living in the Florida Everglades Starring Clint Howard -LRB- Ron Howards Brother -RRB- and Dennis Weaver . !!
 Ranging from the initial `` Space Oddity '' -LRB- a bare bones simple video -RRB- to the wild rocking `` Boys Keep Swinging '' , this collection is soon to be unavailable -LRB- at least on VHS -RRB- . DVD will be it 's quick successor eventually , but if you can grab this collection , it 's worth it . I 'd say that half the videos are bland , boring and self-concious . However , there are a few , `` China Girl '' , `` Let 's Dance '' , `` Fashion '' and `` Boys Keep Swinging '' which are fun to watch and well directed . `` Look Back In Anger '' is a riot with it 's self-important mockery , but that 's the whole point . It 's just fun .
 David Bowie did n't have as many videos in this visual companion to his Ryko double disk The Singles Collection 1969-1993 , brimming with songs . However , nine of them predated MTV as much as nine years . Bowie made performance clips of `` Space Oddity , '' `` John I 'm Only Dancing , '' `` Life On Mars , '' and `` Jean Genie . '' Here are the highlights.The first few videos are mainly performance clips without any trickery or conceptual story . Of those , `` Jean Genie '' could fit in MTV , as it combines a studio performance by the Spiders and a live performance , even a blonde who first appears on cue when he mentions Monroe . But in `` Life On Mars , '' Bowie 's paled makeup , blue makeup around eyes , and blue suit is an interesting study in colour contrast.The three videos promoting the singles from Lodger -LRB- 1979 -RRB- was a preview to MTV , all shot on video camera as opposed to film . `` Boys Keep Swinging '' is amusing and camp as Bowie sings and dances around the mike , while three women -LRB- Bowie in drag -RRB- sing the chorus and the `` boys '' refrain . And what could be more kitschy then two of the women sashaying on a fashion show platform , removing the wig , and smearing their lipstick in outrageous fashion ? Only the Garbo lookalike Bowie , cane in hand , maintains a sense of decorum and dignity . `` Look Back In Anger '' combines the story of the angel of death coming to take someone away and the Portrait of Dorian Gray , as the right side of Bowie 's face becomes painted like the painting of the angel . And `` DJ '' is silly nonsense of Bowie in a pink suit playing a DJ tossing records over his shoulder and wrecking the playing booth.Then the next triptych of videos , from Let 's Dance , which did much to promote him and album sales in the era of MTV . Bowie 's usual performances is intercut with some Australian aborigines , particularly a young couple , in the title track . The most controversial one is `` China Girl , '' which culminates in Bowie and his Chinese girlfriend emulating Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr in From Here To Eternity , only without clothes and with pronounced ecstasy . `` Modern Love '' taken from the Serious Moonlight Tour demonstrates Bowie 's comeback , and he still dresses well , the beige suit complementing his bright yellow hair.The videos for Tonight are visually entertaining . `` Blue Jean '' has Bowie in two roles , rock star Screaming Lord Byron in beige makeup and dressed in Indian style blue turban and baggy shirt , while he also plays a nerd trying to impress a bored and unimpressed girl that he knows Byron . `` Loving The Alien '' uses the motif from the album cover of a blue-painted Bowie against stained glass , praying fervently through clenched teeth , while a chador-clad Arab woman appears throughout.Three videos are taken from movies Bowie appeared in and incorporate movie footage/motifs . `` Absolute Beginners '' has him chasing the mysterious Zebra Woman while scenes from the movies are shown . My favourite as that 's what I first saw regularly . The others are `` Underground '' and `` As The World Falls Down '' from Labryinth , the latter featuring quick speed drawn animation like a-ha 's `` Take On Me '' but white on black . And what to make of the lonely love-stricken young girl printing off pictures of Bowie on her personal copier in `` Falls Down '' , intercut with movie scenes and performance footage?The videos from Never Let Me Down are a mixed bag , with `` Day-In Day-Out '' being a grim story of a single mother who 's led a rough life , her lover stealing from stores , and she getting into quite a rough adventure when she goes streetwalking . `` Time Will Crawl '' has Bowie being manhandled and thrown like a ragdoll by a set of dancers while Peter Frampton plays guitar . He was probably glad to watch them do their nonsense from the refuge of nearby scaffolding . Marathon dancing from the 30 's is the inspiration for the title track , which despite the disclaimer `` never before released '' , I saw a couple times on MTV back then.The screen is split into a center square and many tiny squares all around in `` Fame 90 '' has Bowie cavorting with some blonde in the center while clips from his old videos and other footage is shown in the tiny squares , bringing this collection full circle .
 This video is really awesome ! I am sooo happy that my sister has it ! It is really good and has 2 unreleased songs such as
 Bowie is an artist who has worked in many media . Painting -LRB- Lorenzo Salazar -RRB- , music , motion pictures , the stage , all done with pizzazz . The music video was one of his strongest suites . Just look at Ashes to Ashes , Loving the Alien , Life on Mars , Jean Genie , Dancing in the Streets . These are a beyond superlatives . They are awesome . And they were totally new at the time . So he made the template for 80 's rock videos . Got to give him that due .
 If you are a David Bowie fan , this is a must have video . I watch mine often and it never fails to impress .
 Hello . I have gone as far to write the David Bowie information center in London England to get this video . I really would like to add it to my collection . If you have one you are willing to sell I would be willing to negociate a price . Email me At = BowiTVC15@aol.com thank you
 Please contact me if you have this video . My dear nephew has asked it for a grad . prsent . Contact me at anais-n@excite.com for arrangements .
 IT 'S GREAT TO WATCH ALL THOSE CLASSIC VIDEOS BY THE GODFATHER OF NEW ROMANTIC.FROM `` HEROES '' TO `` BLUE JEAN '' WILL TAKE YOU BACK TO THE PRE & POST-MTV ERA .
 IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO ACKNOWLEDGE THIS VIDEO COMPILATION AS PERFECT DUE TO A NUMBER OF INCREDIBLE OMMISIONS . ALONG WITH IGNORING THE TELEVISION PERFORMANCES FOR ` STARMAN ' AND ` REBEL REBEL ' , THERE ARE NO VIDEOS BETWEEN THE YEARS 1973 AND 1977 , A TIME IN WHICH BOWIE HAD MANY FANTASTIC SINGLES INCLUDING ` FAME ' , TVC15 ' , ` GOLDEN YEARS ' AND ` SOUND AND VISION ' . HOWEVER , IT REMAINS A MUST FOR BOWIE FANS . HIGHLIGHTS
 This collection of videos -- or mini-movies , if you like -- is proof positive that Bowie really was one to START trends , notfollow them . -LRB- ` Fashion ' is the best example that comes to mind ... both song and video . -RRB- The presentation is odd , though ; songs arenot necessarily in chronological order OR the versions seen onmusic-television channels . -LRB- ` China Girl ' is not the `` Director ` sCut , and ` Blue Jean ' is snipped down to song-performance only . -RRB- But maybe it 's best not to nitpick , as a two-hour study of Bowieas artist , this is a valuable item .
 From the story-teller accompanied by shamisen to the dream-like landscapes , this is the version to get . Usually only on VHS , try to get it on DVD.I saw this on the big screen in Hong Kong and will never forget it .
 I bought this tape hoping to find something that would relaxe me and give me vitality . It works every time I pop it in . I am very athletic and spend much of my free time working out . Wheather it is tennis or martial arts , this -LRB- Ptale ' -RRB- routine not only strengthens and elongates muscles , it re-energizes them . Buy it for some one in your life that needs to relieve stress as well as get a good work-out !
 Ptale not only eliminated 6 years of lower back pain , it allowed me to regain the flexability i had when i was younger.It helps to eliminate muscle tightness and cramping after long periods of intense exercise.Best part of ptale is it can be used by people of all ages and fitness levels.I highly recommend it .
 I love the ambience of this video . Doing Ptale makes me feel longer , leaner , and more relaxed . I do this video in the morning and it makes my day less stressful , and my mind feels clear . This video is great for any age . Everyone should take time out in the day for themselves , and Ptale is a great way to do it .
 I own a ton of dvd concerts , this is the best ! Brilliant performances by Elton John , Paul McCartney , Eric Clapton and others shake the room . The last two songs , Hey Jude and Kansas City , where everyone joins in is a joy to behold.In addition , the DTS sound is as good as any dvd I own , and the picture quality is also brilliant . If you have a good sound system , turn it up loud ! I have actually had 3 people applaud in my house after watching the Hey Jude track.The stars gave it their all in this charity concert , you must buy this dvd .
 As a survivor of the Woodstock generation these artists play the music I love to hear . The musicians are in excellent shape , the line-up is superb , the selections are well-chosen and the DDS 5.1 mix is a showroom example of a proper live concert mix . Ambient and live but clear and focused . All in all an excellent sounding DVD of some top-flight musicians and songwriters strutting their finest stuff with Sir George Martin adding some very fine string embellishments to many of the songs . If you like these artists and their music this DVD will not disappoint you .
 This concert has a great line-up of talent . Unfortunately , since this was recorded in 1997 it lacks the potential sound quality DVD can offer . Fleetwood Mac 's `` The Dance , '' for example , blows it away from a Dolby Digital standpoint . Still , it 's worth adding to your library , particularly since it 'll help the people of Montserrat .
 I 'd love to give this 5 stars , but I thought the initial Phil Collins track , the Arrow and Jimmy Buffett tracks could have been eliminated . Phil is stellar on the drums throughout , but he takes his solo appearance on Take Me Home , the first track on the DVD , and hams it up so much he ruins it . Jimmy and Arrow , while not exactly outclassed , just do n't seem to have the stage presence of the legends that follow . So I usually start with Carl Perkins -LRB- track 3 -RRB- , and then cut to Mark Knopfler -LRB- track 5 ? -RRB- , then the rest of the show.That said , there are not less than 3 or 4 literally goose-bump inducing moments when the performances and/or the combined stature and command of these legends just takes over and you have a kind of magic . One is the effortless showmanship of Carl Perkins , wearing blue suede shoes to sing his timeless classic -LRB- rather see him do it than Elvis , honestly -RRB- . The crowd reaction when Knopfler introduces Clapton to play along on Money for Nothing . Then Elton John completely filling the hall with just the piano and his powerful solo vocals on Live Like Horses -LRB- an appreciative member of the orchestra sitting behind Elton is seen shaking his head in awe and admiration -RRB- . And of course , as others have said , McCartney singing Hey Jude when Elton comes in on the second verse . Chilling . The sing-along with everyone is spectacular . I even thought Ray Cooper was a hoot . I 've never seen a guy get so much joyous mileage -LRB- or style -RRB- out of a tambourine and a pair of sunglasses .
 This is a Must Have DVD for any Rock & Roll fan . The list of performers alone should peak your interest . Imagine Mark Knopfler , Sting , Eric Clapton & Phil Collins doing the best rendition of ` Money for Nothing '' you have ever heard , then add Ray Cooper 's animated percussion , a choir and and an orchestra - WOW ! The individual performances are very good , but when the performers team up - it is phenomenal ! Other notable selections include Eric , Mark , Phil , Ray and Jools Holland in ` Same Old Blues ' ; when Paul McCartney , Elton John and everyone else team to do ` Golden Slumbers ' , ` Hey Jude ' and ` Kansas City ' it is magical . The video quality and sound are both excellent . Thank goodness this is a DVD , I have experienced this so many times other media would n't have any quality left .
 As usual , in no two performances is Mark 's work ever the same . Compare the same song on different albums and you will see this . What further distinguishes him from pretty much every other performer is his use of fillers in his music . He does n't use them . Every note has a purpose , and never does he sing the same way or play the same way . He is truly creativity at its best . His performance of Brothers in Arms was breathtaking , his voice even deeper than usual . Backed by an orchestra full with composer and a good percussionist for a mystical effect unmatched on all previous albums , live or studio . You have not heard this song until you hear this version.Money for Nothing was good , with Clapton playing some lead , Phil Collins on drums , and Sting on backing vocals . However , in my opinion it was a bit too crowded for the sound technician , and he could not do it justice . It was still great though.The icing on the cake would have to have been Layla , track 15 , which was Clapton on acoustic rhythm guitar with Mark playing lead . The communication between the two was incredible , as the song gracefully swayed between one and the other as Clapton extended his rhythm sections for Mark to play lead . Likewise , Mark toned down his riffs to make way for Clapton 's vocals and finalee . It is noteworthy that both solos on the track were played by Mark , and both were his own interpretations.If you like the version of Layla on Clapton Unplugged , prepare yourself to fall in love.On the above only the dvd is worth having . The other guys were good , but I 'm here for the MK fans . Incidentally , I saw him on the Philadelphia tour in the Albert Hall this June . He was good then , but he was waaaaaay better here .
 This music DVD is without doubt one of the best ever made . I have always thought that Mark Knofler was way beyond Dire Straits , he was Dire Straits . He , without a doubt , is one of the most innovative , skilled guitar players I have had the pleasure to see performing live . . Now in `` Music for Montserrat '' playing alongside Eric Clapton , I know he is the very best there is . I would hope that all music lovers see this DVD . If you do , then you will have to have it . It is the best !
 This is what the British singer Elton John told the public that overcrowded the famous Royal Albert Hall , in London , before he sang and played Live like Horses , a song he composed to be played along with the Luciano Pavarotti . Unfortunately Luciano could not come up so Elton John did both his part and Luciano 's ! The outcome you will see when you buy this DVD but I may tip in advance that the audience in the back , composed of musicians from the Royal Orchestra , was totally overwhelmed by the solo performance of the pop singer Elton John . The venue of the show is an attraction in itself , being one of the most sacred temples both to classical music and to recent pop history if we remember the former Beatle John Lennon asking the noble audience to shake their jewels.This superb September 1997 show was done to raise funds to help the people from Montserrat to rebuild their lives after a volcano eruption almost completely devastated the tiny Caribbean island it in the same year . The performers were mainly British and one after the other they convey to the audience and to home spectators the sheer intensity of their devotion to music . Sting , Eric Clapton , Phil Collins , Mark Knopfler , Elton John and the former Beatle Paul McCartney , just to name a few of the pop stars present at the performance , with a little help from the British Royal Orchestra , play some of their most famous songs and , in the end , band themselves together in a final jam session not to be equaled in sheer intensity by anything done before in pop story . Just figure out what is to have in a single session the likes of Eric Clapton , Paul McCartney , Elton John , M.Knopfler , etc. . . , and to top it all , with background orchestra and vocals conducted by sir George Martin , the man who made arrangements to almost all Beatles songs !! It is a must buy to anyone who enjoys music played by the best performers from the 60 's trough the 90 's ; this DVD will bring you a lot of the pleasure you may be looking for . Enjoy it !!
 I just finished watching this for the first time , and was completely blown away.I could tell you that seeing Carl Perkins rip through his rockabilly standard `` Blue Suede Shoes '' is worth the price of this entire DVD , but -LRB- with the exception of Jimmy Buffet -RRB- it just gets better and better from there.Mark Knopfler 's breathtaking rendition of `` Brothers in Arms '' is immediately topped by his performance of `` Money for Nothing '' where he 's accompanied by Sting AND Eric Clapton.Sting offers a couple of Police tracks which he 's slowed down to that modern contemporary housewife Jazz he 's now renown for.Elton then steps up , and with only a piano and his voice offers three more deeply moving classics to the list of ever improving numbers ... thankfully none of which are any version of `` Candle in the Wind '' . How much would you pay for this incredible list of performances !?! BUT WAIT !!! There 's more ... Enter , yet again , the man himself . `` God '' , as some have called him , I prefer the term `` Slowhand '' ... ERIC CLAPTON sits center stage , with trusty Martin 6 string in hand , and gives one solo number before being joined again by Mark Knopfler . The two perform the best version of acoustic `` Layla '' I 've ever heard ... and after that , Clapton gets real good ... And just as you think it ca n't get any better . . out comes Sir Paul McCartney ... and with 40 years of material to draw from , pulls out the trump card and gives three Beatles numbers which evolve into all star jams featuring all of the afore mentioned artists.With this amazing spectacle you also get Phill Collins , Montserrat native ; Arrow , George Martin , an entire symphony orchestra , an enormous chior and ivory tickler extrordinare ; Jools Holland , ... . who even shows up Elton John 's piano playing during the monumental `` Kansas City '' . While watching this film I did n't know whether to laugh out loud or cry like a baby ... so I just sat dumbfounded ... If I had anything negative to say about this masterpiece , it would be only that Jimmy Buffet should have been selling paradisian cheeseburgers in the lobby , because on that stage he was out classed , out ranked , out played , and outshined ... I 'm not even sure what his useless carcass was doing up there in the frst place . If there was an option to add half a star . . I would have given this film 4 and a half instead of five only because of him ... . But I 'm willing to look beyond that one dark speck and give it 5 for all of the brilliance involved.If you dig music , you 'll dig this DVD .
 A very polished , well performed , concert . Outstanding digital sound and video quality combined with a great performance make this one of the more enjoyable DVD concerts I 've seen . Whether you are a fan of Elton John , Paul McCartney , Eric Clapton , or Mark Knopfler , one ca n't help but enjoy seeing them together on stage . The artists enjoyed it , and you will too . The Hey Jude finale with Paul and Elton and Sting trading verses will give you goosebumps ! Sit back , turn up the volume , and enjoy this one !
 This fundraising concert has the most amazing collection of artists you would hope to see in any concert . I saw a more recent documentary about the career of Sir George Martin that actually showed his Air Studios in their derelict state in Montserrat today after the cyclone all those years ago . Such a pity given the historic music that was produced there .
 I bought this for my son 's birthday . He had been wanting to get it for some time , and was thrilled to receive it . It still provides him with hours of enjoyable relaxation .
 The item was received on time and as described . It was packed for shipment in a careful and protective manner . I recommend this vendor .
 I found this DVD while surfing youtube . Ordered it `` used '' and it may be the best buy for the dollar I 've ever purchased . I was 18 when the Beatles hit the US and this is without a doubt the closest I 've ever come to seeing the Beatles live . Golden Slumbers , Yesterday and Hey Jude were incredible . But 14 of the 18 songs are terrific ...
 Music for Montserrat is an exceptional DVD . Every artist , Eric Clapton , Paul Mc Cartney , Elton John , just to name a few are wonderful and the sound is amazing . A great addition to anyone 's DVD collection .
 I recently watched this at a friend 's house . He has an excellent surround sound setup and this DVD has DTS . amazing.as a habit I do n't like live concert video - rarely buy them.the guest artists are phenomenal - Paul McCartney at the end is lots of fun/great songs.How many times are you going to see Clapton and Knopfler playing together , filmed well and in DTS?you just ca n't go wrong with this DVD .
 I have a $ 20,000 stereo with DTS , SACD 3100 watts . This is far and away one of the best content , musicians , songs etc. . . that I own . The sound quality is a 4 out of 5 but the songs and musicians more than make up for it . A definite must for any audiophile .
 Maybe not as good as `` Concert for George '' , but excellent value , all the same . Now , if it would only be offered in Blu-ray !
 I have a pretty decent collection of concert DVDs . This is easily one of the best . For me the highlights are Brothers in arms , Same old blues , Jey jude , and Kansas city . Easily the best renderings of Brothers in Arms and Same old blues that I have heard . I do not know how many times I have listened to this DVD , its just an amazing experience every time .
 The usual group of London England musicians gather in Albert Hall for a fund raiser for the island of Monserrat which had been devastated by a volcanic eruption . Beatles producer George Martin kicks off the concert and probably had a hand in the DVD production . The sound quality is superb . The Albert Hall ambience is right on . The musicians are at their best . Phil Collins kicks off with a great number . The concert then sags a bit until it 's revived by Mark Knofler . If you watch the backup group closely you 'll notice that the excellent session guitarist is quitely joined by an old guy named Clapton . From that point on the music soars as Knofler , Collins , Sting , Clapton , Elton John , and finally McCartney put on a show that can be watched over and over again .
 Phil Collins , Eric Clapton , Sting , Carl Perkins , Paul Mccartney . That 's just some of the great artists you 'll see performing in this , one of the best concerts ever ! These are great live performances from all the stars who have recorded at or been inspired by the island of Montserrat . The concerts ends with all these great stars in one huge performance . Goosebumps ... The only remote downside to this DVD is some of the audio , mainly the introductions , is way lower than the music . So beware when you crank it to hear the voice intros.Purchase and enjoy ! This is one of my most watched DVDS !
 This is a great music DVD I love it . Lot 's of rock stars and loads of songs , I am very pleased . Money well spent , If you like this DVD you will love `` A Concert For George '' that was a ten plus + + + + +
 This is one of the better ensemble concerts I have heard . `` Brothers in Arms '' by Mark Knopfler -LRB- Dire Straits -RRB- is the most exquisite song on the program and Knopfler 's `` Money for Nothing '' with Sting and Eric Clapton is the most rocking . Clapton 's mostly-acoustic guitar set -LRB- with Knopfler backing -RRB- is superb , and I ca n't complain about Elton John on solo piano . He is truly an outstanding performer . The finale with Paul McCartney leading endless choruses of `` Hey Jude '' with all the performers was way , way better than good.Smallchief
 The most amazing music DVD I have ever seen . I have had many a party when this DVD was played that captivated the crowd . To have Paul McCartney , Elton John , Eric Clapton , Sting , Phil Collins , Mark Knoffler and more all playing together is an historic event.DC
 These legendary performers got together to raise money for the people of Montserrat who lost their homes to a volcano . Impressive solo performances , but outstanding group and duets.Sting and Knopfler doing `` Money for Nothing '' with Phil Collins on drums and Clapton on guitar is extraordinary - Crank it up and Rock On ! George Martin directs the conclusion - Paul McCartney , all of the other musicians , orchestra and choir doing `` Hey Jude '' and `` Kansas City '' - WOW ! Not only do these sound great , but you have the musical cream of the last 40 years singing together and having a great time . A MUST BUY for any Rock and Roll music lover .
 This is one wonderful addition to my collections , definately one of the Best.I am a very big fan of Mark Knopler , honestly the day I got this DVD I watched , Mark 's performance of `` Brothers In Arms '' for 13 times ... untill my wife was mad at me!It also has a superb collection of other great artists . Highly Recomended !
 This is one of the best music DVD 's I 've ever seen . If you likeany of the artists listed on the sleeve -- and particularly ifyou like most or all of them -- you 'll love this DVD . Claptonplays rhythm guitar on Money for Nothing . Knopfler playsbackup on Layla . Everyone plays on Golden Slumbers -- whichfinishes with The End and Carry That Weight . Awesome !
 I almost didn , t purchase because of other review comments about sound quality . Lineup of performers and their performances was worth every penny . Only your bassett hound or your audiophile snob brother in law will notice any difference in sound quality between this DVD and others .
 I first viewed a portion of this event on Youtube and liked it enough to look for the entire event . That event is Music for Montserrat , an event staged for the intent of generating aid for the Volcano stricken island of Montserrat . It deals with several musicians including Elton John , Sting , Eric Clapton and Mark Knopfler who each do from two to four songs and the others accompany them during the performance . My favorite bits were Mark Knopflers Brothers in Arms and Money for Nothing with Phil Collins on Drums , Eric Clapton and Knopfler on Guitar and Sting doing backup vocals.All in all a worthwhile DvD . I enjoyed it immensely .
 I really enjoyed this concert . Sting , Collins , Clapton , Knopfler , Elton and McCartney are great together . They just missedone little great guy , Midge Ure -LRB- ULTRAVOX -RRB- is there playing the guitar at the end , but where is his performance ? I wish theyhad included his performance that night on this DVD . One of the creators of LIVE AID with Mr. Geldof . Would have been a 110 % great !!!
 Okay some reviews say this DVD has bad sound quality . All I can say is you need a better sound system . This DVD is incredible for the talent and the audio . The video is a little rough in places but I 've wowed many a guest with this DVD . Try it you 'll be glad you did !
 I almost sent this item back because the sound was so uneven going back and forth between loud and soft for no reason . luckily I ran across a comment by someone who mentioned you had to use 5.1 or DTS in the sound setup to get it to work right . Sure enough , Doby sounds awful , but when I selected 5.1 the sound was perfect . After that I enjoyed a really great concert with some excellent cuts from Eric Clapton , Mark Knopfler-Dire Straits , Sting , Paul McCartney and many others . Brothers in Arms , Money for Nothing , Layla , Hey Jude and a great rendition of Kansas City with everyone joining in . If you think you might like this DVD you will , so buy it , just be sure you use 5.1 or DTS !
 Great set of music artists , each one a star in his own right , performing together . This is a classic .
 Wow , this was a shock to see rock mega-stars like Eric Clapton , Paul McCartney and Mark Knopfler side-by-side-by side on stage for a couple of numbers . Add in Phil Collins on drums , Ray Cooper on percussion , Elton John and Jools Holland on keyboards and more good backup musicians , plus an orchestra and big choir and it all made for a memorable night , I 'm sure , for those at Royal Albert Hall in London in 1997 . The benefit concert in September of '97 for the residents of Montsserat , a Caribbean island which had been devastated by a volcano the year before . Many of the aforementioned artists had recorded some of their famous songs on that island at the Air Studios at Montsserat.In addition to the above , there was Sting , Jimmy Buffet , Arrow & His Band and Carl Perkins . It 's always a thrill to see and hear rockabilly legend Perkins doing `` Blue Suede Shoes , '' which he also was wearing ! Sadly , Carl died a little over two years after this concert.My personal likes of this concert included Buffet 's catchy number `` Volcano , '' with new lyrics covering what happened at Montserrat ; Phil Collins ' entertaining `` Take Me Home ; '' John doing his first hit , `` Your Song ; '' a wonderful low-key collaboration between Clapton and Knopfler on `` Layla ; '' Clapton 's guitar solos and some good keyboard work by Holland on `` Same Old Blues ; '' and the rousing finish of `` Kansas City , '' led by McCartney , who seemed to be the featured performer in this galaxy of rock stars.With almost two hours of music , anyone can find enough material here to give them an entertaining night of music and when all of these guys get together for the final couple of songs ... well , that has to be seen to be believed . This is a real collector 's item for music lovers .
 I had been looking for this DVD since I listened to it thru a set of noise cancelling headphones at the Bose outlet store in 2003 . Bot the headphones and have been searching online for this DVD so I am very happy to have found it on AMAZON !!! You ca n't beat these rocker friends together - it is very powerful ! Excellent buy !
 Phil Collins singing `` Take Me Home '' and Mark Knopfler performing `` Brothers in Arms '' and `` Money for Nothing '' are fantastic ; heck , Elton , McCartney , Sting , Eric Clapton , Sting , Jimmy Buffett , Carl Perkins and Arrow are all great . This is a wonderful concert ; I just wish I could have heard it in person.This DVD looks fantastic and sounds terrific -- especially on a DTS capable system like mind . I buy music DVD 's only if I can see that they have DTS encoding on the disk -LRB- Amazon please take note -RRB- . However , in a few places -- just a couple -- the sound quality of `` Music for Monserrat '' falls down a wee bit compared to other music DVD 's I have ; otherwise , I would have rated it 5 stars.That said , this is a great DVD for those like me who love these artists .
 I was so pleased to be able to purchase this DVD . I enjoyed watching it so did the family . I was not able to find it anywhere else but Amazon , thank you .
 I 've owned the laserdisc version of this concert since it was first released . While the sound quality is occasionally disappointing -LRB- especially Sting -RRB- , it 's generally quite good . And most of the performances are excellent , particularly Knopfler , Elton , Clapton and McCartney.I 'd buy it again , if only for the McCartney/Elton exchange on `` Hey Jude . '' I 've watched this concert many times , and it still sends chills everytime Elton 's voice appears in the second verse of this song.As for the complaints about the `` tambourine bloke '' -- that 's Ray Cooper , the legendary -LRB- with good reason -RRB- percussionist who has backed most of these performers in studio sessions , and who is a mainstay of almost every all star concert . If you want a video concert that will absolutely knock you over , try to find `` An Evening with Elton John and Ray Cooper '' -- it used to appear occasionally on the Disney Channel -LRB- oh , well , so did Annie Lennox 's Central Park concert -RRB- , and if I ever found it on a commercially released video , I 'd pay almost anything for it . Listen to Cooper 's incredible performance on this concert -LRB- or better yet , see one of the live Elton John/Ray Cooper , sans band , shows -RRB- and you 'll never again complain about Cooper being a `` distraction . '' Ray rocks !
 I love my DVD music performances . I have a large collection . This is one of the very best . In some ways , for me , a child of the 60 's it is the best . When Paul McCartney sings `` Yesterday '' I got a tear in my eye . It means even more than ever from a 50 + year old . The video and music recording are excellent in every way . Seeing Clapton , McCartney , Mark Knopfler , Carl Perkins , Sting , Elton John , Phil Collins and Jimmy Buffet on stage together for the final songs was UNBELIEVEABLE !!!! They looked like they were having as much fun playing as I was watching . It is a mistake to not have this in your collection .
 The concert performances are par excellent ... but when I bought this video , I truly thought it was defective . Phil Collins faded in and out on `` take me home '' and the sound was extremely uneven on many other tracks . I immediately logged in to check this and other reviewer websites and found that many complained about audio quality , but there were a FEW who DID NOT . After closer inspection , I found that there were two versions of this DVD -- one with Dolby 5.1 only -LRB- released 02/02/99 -RRB- and one with Dolby and DTS -LRB- released 10/26/00 -RRB- . Well , I searched around until I found the DTS copy and low and behold -- audio is MUCH better on DTS format -- like night and day for me and my sound system is definitely NO great shakes ... . I highly recommend this DVD , even though ths sound still wo n't quite rate a 5 star , but the performances and collection of musicians definitely come close . BUT buy the DTS version !!!!!!
 I was afraid to buy this after some of the reviews here , but I went ahead anyway . With such a LEGENDARY lineup , I could n't resist . And I was VERY pleasantly surprised . Elton John 's solo set was great , and so was the sound . Clapton 's set also was FIVE stars , both performers received well deserved standing ovations . Yes , Phil Collin 's song and on Sting 's two the sound was uneven , but not enough to ruin their performances ! Paul 's voice , yes like Elton and Clapton , has matured , but was very good . I thought his voice was actually strong , nowhere did I hear him struggle . AND ! to see Phil Collins on drums , Eric Clapton on guitar , and then Paul sing a verse of HEY JUDE , then Elton John sing a verse , and then Sting . AND all of them NaNaNANA . WOW WOW WOW . I think some of the reviewers must be perfectionists who reviewed this earlier . IT WAS FANTASTIC . I sat down today for my first go to just listen a tiny bit , and could n't drag myself away ! I played the entire concert . It is that good . Maybe the recording is not top notch , but the performances ARE . Yes , the tamborine bloke was a distraction , but only on a handful of songs , I 'll grant that . But the sound is 4 stars . I gave this 5 to offset the perfectionists ! It is at least 4.5 stars , overall . Honestly .
 Cut at the Royal Albert Hall benefit concert September 15th , 1997 , for the volcano ravaged island of Montserrat this concert brings out some of the hardest hitting rockers of the ages.More than half of the concert lets Elton John , Eric Clapton and Paul McCartney strut their highly polished artistry , we also get to enjoy , Phil Collins , Sting , Carl Perkins , Mark Knopfler -LRB- Money for Nothing -RRB- , and Jimmy Buffet . The greatest thing about these concerts is that we get to see and hear some of the greatest masters performing rocks greatest hits ... While some concert DVD 's are lacking on the technical side this disc was perfectly mastered and the producers managed to let the enthusiastic audience add to the show ... . Both sound and video quality are top notch making this one of my favorite DVD 's to enjoy both alone and with friends ...
 Was fortunate enough to have great seats at RAH for this amazing concert in 1997 . The DVD captures the magic of that evening and I 've played it many times for friends who were getting tired of me telling them about this once in a lifetime concert.In addition to the great performances , the DVD captures much of the fun and comradery between these legends -- it was like watching a bunch of old friends playing for kicks.While most of the magic was captured , there were some great songs and British wit that did n't make the final edit -- Midge Ure doing an acoustic `` Vienna '' and Mark Knopfler opening with `` The Theme to Local Hero '' are two they should have found room for.One of the more amazing moments was hearing McCartney say that he had n't performed at RAH in `` 34 years to the day . '' Beatles fans will recall the clip of that performance when Lennon asked `` the people in the cheap seats to clap their hands ... and the rich folks to rattle their jewels '' -LRB- a sly reference to those in the Royal box -RRB- . Highly recommend it .
 How to make a good concert ? Easy ! You take Mark Knopfler -LRB- without Dire Straits but still great -RRB- , Eric Clapton -LRB- and his fabulous guitar and vocals -RRB- , Phil Collins -LRB- with one song and a lot of battery -RRB- , Sting -LRB- wonderfull as usual -RRB- , Paul Mc Cartney -LRB- singing good old songs -RRB- , Elton John -LRB- i do n't like him so much but that 's ok -RRB- and some others -LRB- such as the legendary Carl Perkins and his `` blue suede shoes '' -RRB- . Tell them to play with each other and you 'll get a fantastic `` jam session '' ! With some moments of real anthology like this FABULOUS `` Money for Nothing with Mark Knopfler , Sting , Eric Claton and Phil Collins -LRB- at the battery -RRB- !!! And they all have fun on stage !!! Who wants more ? A must-have DVD for a noble cause !!! Run for it !!!
 All around brilliance . The greatest performers gathered for one magical event . I only wish they had more of Jimmy Buffet . THe version of Money for Nothing by Mark Kno -LRB- I ca n't spell it -RRB- Sting and Eric Clapton is the best version I 've ever heard . Mark 's rendition of brothers in arms is even better . Haunting . By the video and the CD , they 're both worth the cash
 What an amazing concert ! I was there at Albert Hall in 97 and this DVD does justice to this exceptional Performance . Kudos to Sir George Martin for staging this incredible benefit . -LRB- Too bad they could n't show the whole concert . -RRB- I 'm very glad to have the video of Carl Perkins -LRB- just before he died -RRB- . He had a lot of fun out there . I was a little disappointed in Clapton 's playing but there were just so many great performances . Knopfler 's Brothers in Arms -LRB- with those amazing kettle drums ... sounded like the blitz over our heads ! -RRB- left the audience literally weeping . Money for Nothing was fabulous . Sting was in great form . If that was n't enough , Elton John -LRB- who had just finished the Diana tribute only weeks before -RRB- doing `` Your Song '' . I 'd never seen him live before and I now understand why he is such an incredible performer . Just him and a piano . If that still was n't enough . . Paul McCartney playing Albert Hall -LRB- 34 years to the day -RRB- that he was last there . When he came out solo and strummed the first few chords of `` Yesterday '' , there was n't a dry eye in the place . And the Beatles tunes too ! Overall an amazing concert , great camera work , great sound and a worthy cause . Buy it .
 This is really one of the best concert videos I 've ever watched . If you like any of the artist in the concert , you must get it because you will enjoy the rest of the concert anyway .
 It is a GREAT concert which you can see all stars together but I ca n't say same thing for this DVD 's auido quality . The rear voices are very poor , fronts are acceptable . DD 5.1 is better than DTS record .
 I was lucky enough to have 7th row seats for this concert , and got the video as soon as it was available . Watching it , I was reminded of how much fun the artists had playing together . They had a blast.The video captured all of the great songs , but my only regret is that not all of the artists made the final cut . Midge Ure actually opened the show with `` Vienna , '' and like Mark Knopfler , had a bit of witty banter . And the choir sang `` Bridge Over Troubled Waters '' unlike you 've ever heard it.One of the truly amazing moments was when Paul McCartney told the audience that he had n't played Albert Hall in over 30 years to the day . I 'm sure many Beatles fans will remember the old B/W film of that concert as the one where John Lennon cheekily asked `` all the people in the cheap seats to clap their hands , and all the rich folks to rattle their jewels '' -- referring to the occupied Royal box!While I 've read of some complaints on the quality of the audio , I did n't notice it on the VHS . I just wish they released a CD as well .
 One of the best DVDs I have purchased so far ! Where else could you get this calibre of talent on stage , all in the one sitting . I was simply mesmerize for the entire DVD . I hope that these gentlemen have passed on their talents to their children , otherwise what loss .
 I originally came across this DVD while searching for material from Mark Knopfler . After looking at the set list , I tried to find it but it had gone out of print . I was thilled to see it available once again and bought it immediately . All I can say is this is an excellent show ! The only drawback to me -LRB- but not enough to drop this rating to a four -RRB- is the flow of the music early on ... Phil Collins does an excellent job on the opening track with Take Me Home , but then we shift to Hot Hot Hot , Blue Suede Shoes and Jimmy Buffet . Just seemed kinda screwy.However , this is the turning point of the show with no weak performances the rest of the way . The highlights being Brothers in Arms , Sting , Do n't Let the Sun Go Down on Me , Layla and a great medley from McCartney to wrap things up.The DTS recording is solid , but not at the level of Clapton 's ` One more Car , One more Rider ' or the Eagles ` HFO ' but not many are . Still , it 's well done and not a detriment to the disc whatsoever.The bottom line is it 's a legendary lineup for a very worthy cause ... BUY IT !
 For a DTS Dolby Digital recording the sound recording is a let down . What a wasted opportunity . The mood of the concert was extraordinary and so were the singers .
 This concert was held to benefit the island of Montserrat after it was largely destroyed by a volcanic eruption . The show is good overall , and the sets by Mark Knopfler and Eric Clapton are sublime . All performances are backed by such luminaries and Phil Collins and Phil Palmer and a full orchestra , which has never done better work than they do here on `` Brothers in Arms . `` The best performance of the show comes from Dire Straits founder Mark Knopfler . Dire Straits recorded the album `` Brothers in Arms '' in Montserrat , and here he performs the title track more perfectly than the on the original recording . He finishes his set with the help of Sting and good friend Eric Clapton with `` Money For Nothing . '' Clapton returns the favor by having Mark sit in on `` Layla '' in what may be the definitive version of the song . These two master guitarists alone justify the purchase of this DVD.I did n't really care for the Elton John or Paul McCartney sets . I do n't know why the orchestra sat unused on `` Do n't Let The Sun Go Down On Me '' , but it was not for the better . Likewise , McCartney is a great performer , but I have seen way too many singalong versions of `` Hey Jude '' at this point . McCartney 's version of `` Kansas City '' though is one of the highlights of the show.Everyone onstage does a competent job , but the performances of Knopfler and Clapton really do steal the show .
 When we played this DVD the first time , alone , just the two of us -- we were mesmerized . It has a nice combo of big stars , obviously enjoying themselves , playing for a good cause.When we invited our friends to watch & listen they would not leave , until it was done -- weekend after weekend , the joy of this celebration inspires them to stay to the finish -- or at least until we kick them out.We are the lucky ones -- we get to watch it over and over .
 Music for Montserrat belongs in your collection . The music is wonderful , the setting is spectacular , and the sound quality is great . Carl Perkins rocks ! Money for Nothing with Collins , Clapton , Sting ! Jimmy Buffet has them dancing in the aisles with one song ; volcano -LRB- cute , huh ? -RRB- McCartney is just so-so , but what else is new . You 're gon na love this DVD ! DM
 This may have been one of the greatest `` live '' rock concerts of all time . See legendary musicians on one stage , at one time . Witness hits like `` Money For Nothing , '' performed by Knopfler , Clapton and Sting . Or `` Layla , '' with Clapton and Knopfler . A DVD to cherish for many years .
 Great concert by some big stars . Paul McCartney doing `` Golden Slumbers '' multi-songs from Abbey Road was excellent . His voice sounded good and it followed the original recording . Highly recommend this DVD .
 This is a great DVD to pop in and just listen to after a hard day at work . The music is great , although I may be biased , seeing as how all my favorite artists are featured , especially Mark Knopfler . Sting 's performance is another highlight , as he sings his standard `` Message In A Bottle '' . You may want to skip Elton John after he does `` Your Song '' to get to Eric Clapton and Paul McCartney . All in all , a great concert .
 Um excelente show com uma performance extraordin&aacute;ria destes grandes nomes , qualidade de som e imagem impec&aacute;veis . No pode faltar para quem gosta de boa m&uacute;sica . Gravado num teatro maravilhoso com &oacute;tima orquestra . Vale totalmente a pena .
 If you were raised in the 60 's and 70 's and buy concert DVD 's , you MUST get this one . George Martin produced it - need I say more ? How can this possibly be out of print ?????
 This is one of the best video concerts ever . The sound , visuals and performances are top notch . It is a real joy . I have owned it a week and watched it 3 times already . Every performance is good . There are no dead spots during this concert and you get quite a number of them . A keeper . Memorable .
 Clapton , McCartney , Sting , Elton , Buffett and others enjoy their music and the chance of playing each others music . Two hours of pure enjoyment . They all loved recording and were inspired by this beautiful island . This is their chance to say thanks to the people of Montserrat . Buy it now you 'll love it !!!!!!!!!!
 great show with old time favs . such as Knopfler , Sting , Clapton , Collins and McCartney . they play all their great hits , this is the one you 've got to have !!!
 This was a Great show -- Still dont know who Arrow and his band are , but they did a GREAT version of Hot Hot Hot -- only thing this DVD needed more of was JIMMY BUFFETT ----- but this is a great concert so everyone must check it out
 it 's a must have dvd for your collection if you are a real rock music fan , latest appearence of Carl Perkins , to me it 's the father of what we call rock music know , Phil Collins , Sting , Elton John , Paul McCartney , Eric Clapton and of course the legendary Mark Knopfler , my guitar hero , you should see him in money for nothing gig . They 're all in a well-blended mixture of unforgettable live rock concert with mind blowing DTS soundtrack , which means being there . Believe me , it worths every penny ...
 Great music , incredible concert ... . but not one shot of or about the volcano . It is a real shame that this concert did not begin with a 3 - 5 minute documentary about Monserrat , the volcano and the destruction of Plymouth . Or clips from Air Studios -LRB- now destroyed -RRB- . I withheld one star on this account .
 I 'm not sure where I 've been that I did n't realize this was on DVD but I 'm purchasing it right now ! I was there -LRB- third row -RRB- with my other Paul McCartney fanatic friends and we enjoyed every second . From some reviews of the DVD it appears the sound quality is not the best but I 'm getting it anyway . The quality was great at RAH , at least I think it was . I was having a hard time figuring out which of my British rock stars to look at once they all started coming out on the stage !
 It is extremely rare to see so many world famous super artists performing together in the same concert doing some of their greatest hits - Elton John , Sting , Mark Knofler , Carl Perkin , Eric Clapton , Paul McCartney , Phil Colins etc. . You must own this DVD before it is out of stock . I would have given it 5 stars should the audio recording be slightly better . Go and buy this one with confidence . I am sure you will not regret .
 This is a very good recording of a fabulous concert . The sound and picture are first rate and the list of performers is , simply , a stunning collection of British rockers . McCartney singing `` Golden Slumbers '' is alone worth the purchase price . I highly recommend it .
 what can I say . It 's already been said . Brilliant . Watch it again , and again .
 A great concert . I found the sound to be excellent , the performances great , a must have . The percussionist by the way is Ray Cooper -LRB- I think -RRB- . He is excellent , very flamboyant and fun to watch ; which is probably why he is shown so often .
 The world 's best performers together . I guess the only one missing was Peter Gabriel , but oh well , he missed it.Extremely recommendable .
 With this concert being performed in Royal Albert Hall and Sir George Martin as MC , the only thing you need is a group of the top musicians . Here they are and here is a great performance . ENJOY !
 This DVD is one encore after another . Everyone involved gave 110 percent and when you are talking the caliber of talent on this DVD it is just mind blowing . Buy it , there is no way you will be dissapionted . If you dont buy it you will never be happy knowing you missed out on this . If you buy it your life will be fulfilled . So click a few buttons and buy it stupid .
 Some classic performances of classic songs . Mark Knopfler 's live version of ` Brother 's in Arms ' is simply superb , and the combination of Mark Knopfler & Eric Clapton on the acoustic ` Layla ' is stunning . Great sound -LRB- DTS -RRB- and a great show . Buy it !
 This is great music for a humanitarian cause . While not purchased for the purpose , this DVD allows side-by-side comparison of Dolby 5.1 and DTS . In my home theater room , for this theater performance of popular music , Dolby 5.1 is good but DTS is great .
 This DVD blew me away when I watched it at a friends house . Where else will you see , sting , elton john , eric clapton , phil colins , dire straits and paul maccartny all on the one stage , performing the one song .
 I loved this . Even though these fantastic musicians are in the twighlight of their careers their music is as young and vivrant as it must have been when first written . Brothers in arms , Hey Jude , Yesterday ... Great songs . These are the Beethovens of the twentieth century and will be remembered that way . Fantastic ...
 A great concert with great stars , finshing off with the greatest , Paul McCartney . Macca rocks the hall with classic songs such as Yesterday , Hey Jude and a few other great masterful works . Well worth buying .
 I own nearly 100 different live concert DVD 's and this one is the best by far . My favorite track is Mark Knofler 's `` Brothers in Arms '' which is simply jaw dropping ; an incredibly haunting and moving performance accompanied perfectly by the full orchestra . Eric Clapton and Elton John also bring the house down with staggeringly good performances , and later on its just a full on jam with some of the world 's premier musical artists . What a night of music!Word of advice
 Well here it is some 12 years after the event and I 've only just found out about this amazing little concert , I only discovered about it because I came across Mark Knopfler singing `` Brother in Arms '' on You Tube , this version gave me goose bumps being supported by the The Foundation Philharmonic Orchestra !! ... oh what a wonderful sound met by Knopfler 's unique guitar style , but then I discovered this was only one part of a much bigger get together , so thanks again to Amazon.com I found a copy and promptly purchased it , excellent vision and the sound , well lets see , I have read elsewhere that the sound is a bit dodgy , yes it was and I was immediately disappointed , however the DVD gives you the option of three sound formats , Dolby Stereo , Dolby 5.1 Surround and DTS Surround , well in Dolby Stereo the sound brakes up badly , select Dolby 5.1 and it is % 98 percent perfect and DTS was even better , every instrument was well mic ` ed , mixed and recorded , the grand piano just sounded fantastic when Elton was on , the percussion the sound of the Kick Drum was just right through to Ray Cooper on the Tambourine and boy was n't great to watch him ... if you have n't seen it do yourself a favor and buy a copy , it maybe 12 years ago but it feels as if it was only yesterday .
 Really worth it ! Highly recommend . Supergroups ! What else can I say ?
 Love these movies . Purchased this set of Stuart Little one and two for a gift . Was thrilled to find so inexpensive and even more thrilled when they arrived in terrific shape even though used item . These are great family movies lots of fun .
 Delightful story . The plot accomodates itself to children of all ages . Plenty of action , humor , and silliness - the ingredients my children seem to thrive on . Stuart is about a kid trying to find his place in the world . And are n't we all ?
 It was thoroughly entertaining and useful for my children , as well as myself . Great insight to a healthy body . This video was very professionally done and very detailed .
 This video was great fun for my kids , and I. My kids really enjoyed Arfy , he made the exercises fun ! My wife and I joined in for good clean family fun !
 Would you believe that my 1 year old dances to this ? I bought it for my daughter , who is 4 years old , and when my toddler hears the music , he comes racing in and starts bouncing around . It is a great piece ... very educational , extremely easy to follow with or without the dancers on the video -LRB- we have the music CD -RRB- , and I do n't mind playing it at all . My daughter 's favorites are `` Shake a Leg '' , `` The Circus Dance '' , and when `` The Bingo Rainbow '' , she runs around the house trying to identify her colors .
 Takes you to another mind of jay-Z and other popular rap artist it lets you know thier inner thoughts and what they see in thier future Ya got ta get it
 I watched The Velvet rope tour on HBO and it was the bomb , it was the greatest tour that I have ever seen , everything was choreographed pefectly , the music was slammin and Janet really communicated with her fans . When she sang `` I get Lonely '' , `` Nasty '' and `` You '' , it sent me Crazy . I love you Janet !
 The little sister of the Jackson family has done it her brother 's way . U will find her doing theatrical moves , modern dancing moves , and sexy moves . It 's worth buying , because it 's something u will want to watch over and over again instead of once only . so be smart and buy it cause it 's worth it all !
 Not only I was able to see this concert in person , now i am able to view this outrageous concert over and over again . From the time the curtain opened , it was a non-stop Janet song fest ! I did not stop dancing for almost two hours . From her old songs like `` If '' and `` Control '' , to her most recent songs like `` Got Til It 's Gone '' and `` GO Deep '' , the crowd was entertain in every which way possible . The best thing of all is that Janet shows her fans so much love throughout the show , it is really sweet of her . But make sure you all get this video , it is worth every last second !
 Janet goes is catapulted to a new level with this tour ! No artist can match the theatrics and the emotion that Janet produces with this show ! Janet performs all of her hits with perfection ! From the opening of `` Velvet Rope '' to the closing of `` Together Again '' , Janet sings and dances the best of her career . Watch this video to see why no other artist can top Janet 's live shows !! Everyone must own this video ! The staging , dancing , and singing are brilliant and it showcases Janet 's tremendous gift for performing . Janet is truly the greatest artist to have ever lived !
 Janet 's Peformance of her tour was fantastic !!! It was the best concert special I have ever seen , and I have waited very impatiently for its release ! To be honest , I was expecting a little less from Janet , but was astonished at her stage presence and singing ablility . I have to admit that I am a fan , but even my friends who are non-fans loved this special . The stage presence , theatrical setup , lighting , fireworks , special effects , costumes , and that high note she during ` Again ' made this concert even better than Garth 's performance from Central Park . Janet gave a performance that would turn anyone 's head , especially when she did that lap dance ... You 'll understand what I mean , IF YOU BUY THIS TAPE ! PLEASE ! Do yourself a favor and get The Velvet Rope Tour ... now !
 Janet 's Peformance of her tour was fantastic !!! It was the best concert special I have ever seen , and I have waited very impatiently for its release ! To be honest , I was expecting a little less from Janet , but was astonished at her stage presence and singing ablility . I have to admit that I am a fan , but even my friends who are non-fans loved this special . The stage presence , theatrical setup , lighting , fireworks , special effects , costumes , and that high note she during ` Again ' made this concert even better than Garth 's performance from Central Park . Janet gave a performance that would turn anyone 's head , especially when she did that lap dance ... You 'll understand what I mean , IF YOU BUY THIS TAPE ! PLEASE ! Do yourself a favor and get The Velvet Rope Tour ... now !
 Even if you 're not a Janet fan , you 'll appreciate how wonderful she is in concert . She is very athletic , beautiful , and has extremely powerful vocals . Her sets have to be the best in the business , with playful scenes , dark scenes , and even a scene where she brings an audience member on to stage for a special performance . Janet changes outfits so many times , you 'd think she pass out from exhaustion , but she keeps on pushing out all those wonderful high/low notes till the end . The sound track is also great , there may be audience roars , but JJ can be heard VERY easily over them ; actually , the crowd 's yelling is sort of a bonus in that the viewer can see & hear what the audience is feeling about those same pieces -LRB- they 're always applauding for more -RRB- . The DVD is well assembled with a great track listing , sound recording , and the video is excellent as well ; if you have or have n't seen Janet in concert , it wo n't matter , because this is a great DVD for the novice and experienced .
 I first saw the HBO Special , and looked forward for the DVD to come out with Dobly 5.1 . Fun to watch , and dance too . They did a great job on this DVD .
 I went to that taping of that show . All you felt was pure love for the one and only Miss Janet who puts on a excellent show . I watch the tape everyday and everytime she proves that she is the best and there will never be another like her !!!! The Queen of Pop # 1 forever !!!!
 I saw this concert twice ; once in Camden , New Jersey and once at Madison Square Garden in New York City . I also saw the live telecast of The Velvet Rope Tour on HBO . I was amazed by Janet 's performance along with her dancers ' performances . This is definitely one woman that knows how to put on a show and keep the audience entertained . She is , without a doubt , one of the best female performers in the world . I have seen all 3 of her tours ; Rythym Nation 1814 , janet. , and The Velvet Rope , and I think that she has out done herself with The Velvet Rope tour . Good job , once again Janet !!
 HEY WHAT CAN I TOTALLY SAY , THIS CONCERT WAS OUTSTANDING , JANET IS AT HER BEST EVER ... THIS VIDEO IS A MUST , GOT TA SEE . ONCE YOU PUT THIS VIDEO IN , I GUARANTEE YOU WONT MOVE . AND I MUST GIVE TOTAL PROPS TO JANETS CHOREOGRAPHER TINA LANDON SHE 'S THE BEST . . THE DANCING IS MORE THAN OUTSTANDING . GO-GET-THE-VIDEO . A-MUST-SEE .
 I saw the show live in Houston on Halloween night 1998 and I am here to tell you that JANET is nothing but raw talent so refined that she actually makes you belive that everyone 's need to feel special is what you are at that show for . You must see this show . . you have to let her take you inside her VELVET ROPE to satisfy the one need everyone has ...
 To sing and dance and keep your composure and the attention of many devoted fans , JANET works it ! The costumes were colorful and the dancers were great .
 I AM LIVING IN IRELAND , AND THOUGH JANET HAS NEVER PERFORMED IN IRELAND I ALWAYS LONGED TO SEE HER PERFORM LIVE.I FOUND THE VIDEO BY ACCIDENT AND PURCHASED AT ONCE.I WAS NOT DISSAPOINTED.BEING A HUGE FAN OF HER BROTHER , IKNEW THAT JANET LIVE WOULD NOT DISSAPOINT CHECK OUT THE SHOWS OPENING , AND ALSO THE `` ESCAPADE '' MEDALY . VELVET ROPE IS ALSO HOT .
 Janet 's show was unbelieveable.She has incredible energy and an amazing stage presence.It was really cool how she incorporated so many songs into just two hours.Seeing the show was definetly the highlight of my summer.If you unfortunetly missed her tour , and your a fan , then you 'll really appreciate this video.The best thing about the video is that it captures alot of the excitement and magic of the show.Usually , a taped concert is n't always that fun or entertaining to watch , but this show was so full of life and Janet 's amazing energy and effort really shows through.Janet ... you out-did yourself again ! : -RRB-
 Janet did lipsynch parts of the show but what do you expect , she was was dancing up a storm . With some of the busier dance numbers she did use pre-recorded vocals but that is only because dancing and singing is the equivalent of singing while running a marathon . On songs like `` Again '' , and `` Go Deep '' , Janet did sing live . The concert was the best ever and that person is probably just jealous that they ca n't dance like Janet !
 Janet Is Truly Amazing . I Went To See Her Concert Here In Johannesburg , South Africa . It Was Unbelievable . I Bought The Vhs Tape Of The Velvet Rope And Now I Am Back To Buy The Dvd Version . I Can Watch The Tape Over And Over Again . Janet Is Truly Entertaining . I Actually Did Not Expect The Concert To Be That Great , But I Would Really Stunned . The Choreography Was Really Out Of This World . I Recommend This Movie To Everybody . For 2 Hours , You Are Transformed To A World Of Magic And Excitement . I Can Guarantee That You Will Love It . Thank You Janet For Your Outstanding Performance , It Will Honestly Remain A Part Of Me For A Very Long Time ! !
 Janet 's VELVET ROPE tour began in Europe in April 1998 , and lasted well into the fall of 1998 , hitting various countries to support her album THE VELVET ROPE . THE VELVET ROPE is Janet 's most personal offering , with songs about acceptance , personal pain , etc. . The tour is a must see . Janet takes on various personas through different costume changes , that symbolize her songs . Not only does she sing songs from THE VELVET ROPE , but she digs back , all the way to CONTROL and RHYTHM NATION 1814 with songs the fans have always loved . As tiring as the tour is , this party does n't stop , as she entertains through and through during this concert . There is a charisma with Janet on stage , between her and the fans , her and the dancers , anyone she wants to make contact with . This is a show for the fans , and a show that does n't disapoint . Highlight performances include the Control Medley , the Escapade Medley , If , Rhythm Nation , What About , and more . Give this one a whirl if you want to be entertained !
 but I gave it a 4 because of the audience . I would have assumed that after it being aired live on HBO and set for VHS and DVD availability-that they would drown out the crowd more , particularly the first song `` Velvet Rope '' and `` If '' . It got better as the show went on , except in some parts , where again they drowned Janet 's voice by the audience.Other than that , as I said very fun and energetic . All the great hits , fantastic stage sets and awesome costume changes . Especially the Escapade Medley stage set and costumes.Those who like Janet and those who like concerts on the screen , I recommend it .
 It 's JANET ! And what a DVD this is . Killer sets , great dance numbers -LRB- my only complaint is that not all the dancers can be seen all the time , and they 're working as hard as Miss Janet . I think more on-screen time next go ` round should be afforded to these talented , energetic individuals . -RRB- And Janet sings her heart out - all your favorites , from `` If '' to a medley of `` Control '' hits , to a razor-edged rendition of `` Black Cat '' . The emotional song , however , is `` What About '' , with dancers in the background enacting various scenes of violence between men and women , with men being the aggressors . A powerful song , `` What About '' only speaks more eloquently with its visuals . This DVD is never leaving my collection ! Ca n't wait for Janet 's new CD ! -LRB- And there is one awesome seduction number in the song `` Rope Burn '' . You know that guy onstage will never forget THAT experience ! Turn that track on when you curl up with your honey one evening ! -RRB-
 This DVD is one of my all time favorite musical DVDs . Miss Jackson proves why she is the highest paid singer in the industry . With a combination of costume changes , great choreography , Janet 's greatest hits , and a sold out crowd at Madison Square Garden , the DVD makes for an excellent night of entertainment . I only regret that I was not able to see the concert in person here in my home town due to a cancelation of the concert ; however , the DVD is definately a suitable substitute . I highly recommend this DVD to any fans of Janet , lovers of music , and owners of quality DVDs .
 If you missed seeing Miss j on HBO , I recommend you buy the DVD/VHS ASAP ! Janet knows how to throw one hell of a show ! The dancing is excellent , the staging is remarkable , and the dancers are great and then of course , there is Janet , the queen of Pop ! If your seriously looking for Out-of-this-world entertainment , I fully recommend you purchase your on personal copy of The Velvet Rope !
 This video is defintely the best live tour music show there is . I have never seen such live action during a show . Tina Landon definitely out done herself as for the tour 's choreography . Janet looks so great and the sets and props for the show were amazing . I thought that her brother Michael 's Dangerous tour was the best until Janet 's Velvet Rope Tour . I 've seen it about a million times already . I really suggest buying the video for those who have n't already . This video is da ' bomb and will never be ejected from your VCR .
 this tour was very person and as janet represented from the start of the concert , an open book of HER story of her life , music , feelings and so forth . The concert begins with a big book being opened and then seperated into two screens then comes janet . She sings songs from velvet rope which are perfectly mixed with classic dance hits of hers over the years . A lot of the control and rhythm nation songs were made into medleys though some of the ones with intense choreography like If , Rhythm Nation and so forth were performed wonderfully . Janet also created great new chorography for what about , you and i get lonely which could have also been singles . I wish Everytime was sang on this show though that ballad is just so beautiful . It was great to see rope burn and special included .
 This is a very good live concert VHS tape with high energy and lots of colorful lights . Janet Jackson gives a 2 hour , non stop , performance in a 1998 release with Janet at her peak performance . The majority of her songs she sings live , not lip-synching . The experience of watching the video is close to being at a live concert in one of the front rows .
 In 1998 , I got the rare opportunity to see Janet Jackson in concert held in Minneapolis , during `` The Velvet Rope '' tour . The show was amazing . All of the physical features and her performances were breathtaking . Though nothing beats the live experience , this DVD wonderfully commemorates the tour.Months before , she released an album of the same name that was unusually different than her previous . She was always known for her positive songs . However , the album entirely explored her painful turbulations , including abuse , loss , depression , and others . These songs are based on thoughts she endured during her two-year depression , 1995-1997 . Many listeners were shocked . Some of these songs gave this tour a new outlook . Despite revisiting many classic songs , audiences can feel her new style.The elaborate stage direction gives the concert a more enjoyable experience . The three different backgrounds and the three different costumes add to the spectacular pleasure
 Multi-talented Janet Jackson has pulled it off again . If you want to be taken to a different level of a quailty stage show this is the concert to see.Best veiwed on dvd format , with a Dolby Digital 5.1 A.C-3 Audio system `` you will feel like you are actualy there '' . Just kick back and enjoy the show ! ... The more the merrier
 I watched this concert on HBO all three times they aired it . It is truly amazing . Janet 's performance was incredible . I 'm a musician , band leader , writer , producer ... etc. . To say that I love all kinds of music would be a HUGE understatement . Every time I watch this concert , I 'm blown away by how much energy Janet and her whole crew put into the show . All the singers , dancers , musicians , and the audience was so hyped ! Plus , the fact that her band got to strut their stuff from time to time , made my day . I also run sound -LRB- PA -RRB- for bands so I know how incredibly hard it is to mix for a live event . I thought the mix could 've been a little better . At times , you can barely understand Janet or her background singers . Some songs are a little clearer than others . However , I ca n't wait for this concert to come out on VHS , Laserdisc , or DVD . Being the music enthusiast I am , I ` lll probably buy all three formats . The overall show was -LRB- is -RRB- really awesome . Everyone should own it .
 I have no complaints , the dvd was as described & worked perfectly . Delivered early prior to projected arrival date . This concert is n't as visually breathtaking as the Janet Hawaii concert , but still one of my favorites.YES would purchase from this vendor again .
 of Janet 's . Love the choreography and I have a slight crush on her main choreographer in this tour
 I am a Janet Jackson fan . This video is entertaining . &#34; Got Til It 's Gone &#34; is my favorite . She is real !
 I originally watched this concert on HBO as a child and I was blown away with the entire production and Ms. Jackson 's stamina . To this day , this is simply one of the best concerts I have ever seen produced on DVD . She sings all of her hits and gives so much of herself on that stage . I also love that the crowd at this concert was very receptive and full of energy . This is a treat for your ears and eyes .
 I am a die hard Janet fan and I must say that I am very pleased with this DVD . It was packaged carefully and the seller even sent a little cute note . I love it !
 this tour is like a representation of janet as a person what she feels and what she wants in life and what she is looking for and basically happiness i personally enjoy janet in everything she does because she does it so well !
 I was so excited when I found out my DVD made it in the mail . I tore it open and watched it immediately . The real scoop
 I love it I love It I love it , Janet is the queen there is no other , I went to the Velvet Rope concert and it was da bomb diggity , I am now going to see her again on the All for You tour , in NYC and that 's just gon na blow me away . I ca n't wait , hope it comes out on video too .
 I decided to buy this tape after seeing the show here in Hawaii . Janet Jackson is an extraordinary performer and watching her , her dancers , her crew , and her band work so hard to put on a show is so amazing . She and her dancers really rock and the concert is incredible . There is never a boring moment . This tape is exciting to watch , especially if you loved the concert and are a big fan of Janet 's work . I really recommend it . Janet Jackson is an admirable performer , whether or not you are a fan of her Velvet Rope work -LRB- which I happen to love -RRB- . She works very hard and appreciates her audiences . This tape is cool ; buy it .
 Besides the fact that I am IN this video -LRB- 3rd row back from stage -RRB- I LOVE IT !! I believe this is Janet 's 1st concert released to video and should not be missed . The song ... the dance ... everything is great and DVD technology makes it crisp to hear and watch !!
 Janet is sooooo sexy and look at those abs
 This is single handedly Janet 's greatest touring achievement . Yes , the usual medleys are there . Yes , there 's quite a bit of lip-synching . Yes , some of the sets are similar to that of the janet . tour . But , what truly shines through in this performance is Janet 's energy . Not to mention the near perfection of the setlist.Yes , this tour is filled with perfect pop confection , a few serious moments here and there , but most importantly , the ` fun ' element is uberpresent.Quite an impressive show , Ms. Jackson .
 Velvet Rope was one of the best albums of the 90s , it was personal and meant many different things . The tour was spectacular , where she sings many of the songs from Velvet Rope , as well as previous hits from janet. , Rhythm Nation and Control . She really puts on a show and involves the crowd as much as possible . She puts her all into it . The dancing is remarkable , dancing only Janet can produce . Highlights include Velvet Rope , If , Again , the medleys , Any Time Any Place , Rhythm Nation , hell the whole video is awesome . You must get this , you wont be dissapointed .
 This is a highly entertaining show that you can watch over and over again . It deserves an Amazon.com double five star rating , it is that good . Think , if you will , of the Velvet One 's rising to the top in spite of her talented and tabloid catching siblings and in spite of the emergence of girl groups who are flooding the airwaves and CD displays with soundalike claptrap which has only a catchy phrase or a man-slam to its merit . -LRB- Pay some dues , girls . -RRB- Look at the Velvet One 's performance in the concert showstoppers -- `` Alright/I Get Lonely/Rope Burn '' `` Black Cat '' `` What About That '' `` Rhythm Nation '' -- I mean ... is she great or what ? And look at how many of the Velvet One 's tunes you know by heart . There ai n't that many performers out there of Janet 's calibre at all these days ... well , maybe a few of 'em . They seem to be calling themselves `` diva '' . Oh well . Thanks , Velvet One , from saving us from an entertainment void .
 Her performance at Madison Square Garden is full of non-stop action . The singing and dancing come together perfectly , as does the scenery . I would rather watch her concert than any other . She makes you want to be up there with her . I highly recommend it !!
 This video showcases Janet Jackson as the equal of Madonna , Elton John , and any artist that has the big scale concert productions . All the costumes and theatrics are first rate , and why should n't it be ? There 's no need to `` kid glove '' her , Janet is at the top of her game . I have friends , you know , Aerosmith fans , or others that call themselves rock and roll `` purists '' . They have always laughed at the mention of Janet Jackson as a peer to the Rolling Stones of the world . To each his own , I guess . Who needs them . Janet never needed to go begging for validation.If you do not have a stereo VCR plugged into a room sound system by now , you ca n't get the real pleasure of this or any concert video . It 's the only way to appreciate the depth of the sound . And finally , what man does n't envy the guy that was chosen to be the on-stage object of Janet and the girls ! I can not sing `` My , My , My '' as good as Johnny Gill , but this is as close as any man could hope to get to Ms Jackson . There would have been no hope for me even if I was there at the concert . I would have been in the cheap seats trying to make out which one was Janet .
 Janet is one of the best artists in music and she knows how to get a crowd going , even when it 's home viewers with their DVD 's . I saw Janet in concert as well and it 's really this much fun . This is also a great DVD as well . Great motion menu 's and animated chapter selection . Get the DVD now !
 Ms. Jackson - is definately nobody 's little sister she is a woman , and a very beautiful one at that - I think that it is an insult to say she is the little sister of Michael - I believe she has proven that time and time again - she is her own person . I have viewed this video each time it has aired on HBO and I must say - I have been totally mezmarized -LCB- so have my children -RCB- ; her stage presence is totally awesome , she gives her all and then some - her background singers and her dancers are equally incredible - the performance they all gave was heart-pounding . I have been a Janet fan since the real early days `` come give your love to me '' and even earlier than that -LCB- she and I are the same age -RCB- ; - no matter what you think of her or her performance you have to give the girl her props - let 's face it out of all the children her parents had she 's the only girl that is doing something with the gift GOD gave her , not downing her sisters but I 've heard them both sing and well - I 'm gon na leave that alone , anyway my personal opinion is that Ms. Jackson is the BOMB , and even though I 'm a woman I would have loved to be where that guy was sitting when she gave that lap dance to `` Rope Burn '' of course that is my favorite part of the concert . Thank you Comments
 Being an avid Janet Jackson supporter I must say that her live jaunt `` The Velvet Rope live '' was one of her best tours ever . . For those who think she is trying to be like Madonna , they should do some homework . THIS WAS NOT THE FIRST TOUR THAT JANET JACKSON TIED UP A MAN LIVE ON STAGE ... This was also not the first tour that had many of the Broadway and theatrical elements that , Madonna has in many ways made famous . Madonna is not the end all of live performing and just because she may have done something first does not mean she did it best.Now this is not to say that Janet 's live show is 100 percent `` never been done '' but nothing in her show is exactly like Madonna ever did , and anything close to what Madonna did , is totally mixed in with Janet Jackson 's genius and taken to another level , as only Janet Jackson can take it.The show begins with a storybook opening and with one big BOOM , JANET JACKSON IS UPON US . The pop diva slowly comes to the stage to perform the title track `` THE VELVET ROPE '' and then BURSTS into the high charged `` if '' . other stunning moments through the 2 hour jaunt included a beautiful medley of her slower hits `` let 's wait a while '' and `` again '' and a cute `` wonderland '' medley of her hits . . Another issue that many find a problem is lip-synching . Although Janet does not sing songs like `` if '' or `` r.nation '' . over half of her live concert is just that , live ... from the slow songs of `` let 's wait a while , and again '' to trob , and the entire wonderland medley , Janet sings live song after live song . the song `` black cat '' is live as well , and the final set , of `` go deep , together again , got till it 's gone and that 's the way love goes '' are all live ... she gives a 2 hour , non stop , high charted performance with elements ranging from Broadway to break dancing.This Madonna / Janet thing is really childish . They are both pop divas and although many times it may seem as if one is gleaming ideas from another . Janet Jackson 's entire career and especially this career defining VELVET ROPE CONCERT , is 100 percent Janet ...
 This is a must have for all Janet Fans . . I love the show i was there by the way . . If you wasnt there or had the chance to catch The Velvet Rope Tour when it hit your city ... this is the next best thing the show was great . . the song selection , the outfits , dances , Stage Settings . . The band was jammin . . Pick it up fans
 THIS CONCERT WAS SO HOT . I REGERT NOT SEEING HER WHEN SHE CAME TO HOTLANTA . WE DO HAVE THE BEST SEAT IN THE HOUSE . WHEN I SAW IT ON HBO I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE MY PERSONAL COPY . THANKYOU JANET FOR PUTTING IT ON DVD .
 I do n't know how many times I 've watched this video . It 's like I 'm drawn to it . I love when she pulls the guy out of the audience and dances for him . That was my favorite part of the whole show . The dance moves were hot and there is no other artist out with this choreography . I recommend this to any Janet fans , and if you are n't already , you will be after viewing this video .
 I reviewed the concert special . Janet wwas really good . I loved the choreography on Rhytmn Nation the best ! and also YOU which was suppose to be a song dedicated to Micheal . Her dancers were remarkable ! . The Rope Burn song is really hot I 'm sure the guy from the audience felt the same . Janet has many moves like Micheal part of her show even remind of Madonna . Janet definitely has alot to show for her success .
 It desrves a tousand thumbs up . The dancing like in the song `` You '' is spectacular . Janet puts on the BEST show ever . Sold over 33 million tickets in the world . GREATEST PERFOMANCE EVER .
 Although nothing beats experiencing ` The Velvet Rope ' live and in person , Janet 's HBO performance proved that she can conquer any territory . Having conceptualized , produced , directed and starred in this spectacular show she has proven that she is a powerful artistic force . Her stamina is amazing and her sincerity which clearly comes across to her fans everywhere is genuine . She is the best at everything she does and this production is a visual testament to that fact . She is one entertainer/artist who wo n't ever lose her Midas touch .
 Janet Jackson is at her absolute best in this recording of her October 1998 concert at Madison Square Garden .
 The Velvet Rope World Tour is H-O-T !!! I saw it live in person 4 times and I have to tell you that it is amazing . This video is as close as you can get to watching the concert and almost feeling like you are there . It 's excellently shot and has beautiful singing , dancing , and class . Janet 's amazing . She does n't stop singing or dancing once in this whole 2 hour concert . Janet 's the original , the talented , the innovator .
 She is very much full of life and her singing is what made me become a singer . The way she moves and spins is totally killer !!!
 MUST SE
 I TAPED THE SHOW THE NIGHT IT AIRED WHILE IT WAS TAPING I WAS AT THE SHOW , TOO HOT , MISS JANET TORE IT UP . EVERYONE WAS SINGING WITH HER . IT WAS SO LOUD , SOMETIMES YOU COULD HARDLY HEAR IT , BUSTA WAS THERE , T-BOZ , AMONG ALOT OF CELEBS WHO WERE THERE , LISTEN , ENOUGH WITH THE TALK , JANET IS TOO FIERCE , GET THE TAPE , YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED .
 Janet , just let me say that you are da bomb ! I saw this on HBO , and I went to the Concert in San Diego in August . Both were the best . I finally can have a permmanant copy of the greatest memory of my life so far ! Thanks Janet and all for relasing this increadible video !
 This concert is all about the music and art with a little bit of sex , but after this she became way too sexual in a classless way . Although janet 's career is suffering right now , she will bounce back . Hey , even Velvet Rope started out slow and started picking up once Together Again was released , Damita Jo should too once the new single All Nite becomes a hit . So buy this DVD today , it 's all about the music
 the music , the choreography , the book concept , the costumes , the dancing , the singing are all amazing . Luckily I was able to catch the concert when it came to my town and it was the best concert I have ever attended and this DVD helps me relive my memories of the Velvet Rope days . This is for every music lover , and so much better than the All For You in Hawaii DVD .
 Please , trust me . Trust me when I say that this is an EXCELLENT concert . Honestly , I can only wish that I was in NY for it . Janet has achieved the status of `` SEXY . '' Not just any singer/actress/celebrity can reach that level . Sexy means Class , Maturity , Beauty , Strength , Poise , Sincerity , and an ever-so-slight sense of Intimidation . To iminate all of those traits at the same time , one achieves `` SEXY . '' Many try , and fail . Not , Ms. Jackson . Many men will agree with me when I say , `` I wish it were me who was brought up on stage for '' `` RopeBurn . '' '' Take Care .
 I had the immense pleasure of seeing this extravagantly amazing stage show live and I must say , it is JANET ECSTACY . Oh my god , the concert was SO ACTIVE . I was up in the Forum CRYINGGGGGG !!!!! I was standing up cheering and shouting and screaming when she would sing such hits like `` What About '' with such conviction and emotion . I WAS IN JANET ECSTACY AT THAT CONCERT !!!!!!! Oh my god , I 'm staring the shed tears right now , that concert was off the umph ! I will never forget it . Janet put it down so hard at that concert . I give her so much props because she had the whole arena in euphoria ! VELVET PRIDE !
 The sound is clear , the video shows it all . . ita a bomb . I guess the right show has been chosen for the DVD . Janet J is my girl . . I ai n't gon na part with this DVD
 This was so good . Janet is very talented and she is very good in what she does . She has alot of things that she can do but singing is one of her best ones . This was very good for her to do . I give it five stars . There was lots of enjoying parts in this concert . There was alot of excitement in this concert . This was very good . I loved this alot and I love Janet . Shes my role model .
 The DVD could have been better if the audio was as good as the video and that is not too much to ask . When compared to the Eagles ` Hell Freezes Over ' one has the impression that a lot is left to be desired . Janet on stage presence however covers a lot , after all this is Michael 's sister .
 Get this dvd . It has been a long time coming to see some janet on dvd !!!!! the wait is over , and I can enjoy it over and over now !!!! not only is she beautiful , but she is talented and can dance , dance , dance ! She is electrifying in concert , and she is very graceful on the stage . -LRB- wish they could have casted her in Blade -RRB- . anyway , buy this DVD , especially if you like janet jackson ...
 I love all the performances , but the one that got me wilding was the lap dance . Before Britney and Rihanna ever thought of it , there was Janet . The guy was having a total meltdown . He could n't stop yapping while Janet was just looking at him like she was enjoying every bit of it ! She then hushed him , move a lil here and there , and THEN kisses him in the end !!! I do n't think I would have the courage to do it with some random guy , but Janet takes risks . I really like the Special performance . Seeing all her childhood photos on the screen . I wish I was there to experience that . Seeing how big the crowd was back then , it makes me wonder where are those people now ? Those were the days when Janet was the HOT thing . I really miss that . She 's such an underrated , forgotten artist that does n't get the credit she deserves . They need to release janet . and the Rhythm Nation tours . Those were great tours as well . Ohh . . and on the side , she also proves her haters wrong that she can SING live ! That is all ... good day !
 I love this concert dvd of Janet . She sings all her chart topping hits . I am so glad that I purchased this DVD . Anyone who is a Janet fan this is a must have .
 NOBODY can do a show like Janet Jackson . If people THINK that Madonna and Michael are better , they have NOT seen this show yet ! This IS a must see !
 I Love Janet !! I really enjoyed her concert in Hawaii better than this concert but The Velvet Rope Tour is indeed another great concert to watch Janet do her thang -LRB- not thing -RRB- . You will enjoy her live singing , so when she takes the mike away from her mouth there is n't a record playing in the background NO WAY this is all Miss. . Janet from beginning to end . All I can say is sit back and enjoy 2 hours of fun .
 Originally bought this for my wife , the minute it was delivered we played it and my wife just loved it !!! This is definitely a must have !!!! Get it !
 Janet is coming to Rodeo Houston this year so I bought this live concert dvd to aquaint my children with her music and style ... . OK , I 'm lying ; this one 's for daddy . This is an awesome concert , hit after hit rolled into a visual explosion . I love Jan. . . , er ah excuse me , Ms Jackson , cause I 'm nasty .
 Janet is at her best in this excellent concert ! I love this video and have seen many concerts ... This it top entertainment !! I recommend it highly.Janet Jackson - The Velvet Rope Tour -LRB- Live in Concert -RRB- -LRB- DTS -RRB-
 I remember being 11 years old and seeing this concert when it first aired on HBO . I was n't exactly a huge Janet fan at the time since I was too young to really get into her , but I was immediately captivated by the colorful sets , Janet and her dancers ' tight moves , and the smooth flow of the show . Janet starts from the beginning by inviting us inside her velvet rope -LRB- great concept -RRB- and revealing her sensual side with classics like If and That 's the Way Love Goes , her vulnerable side with Again , Every Time , and Special , her playfulness on Go Deep and Escapade , and shares her views on societal issues on Rhythm Nation and the aggressive anti-domestic violence of What About . The I Get Lonely performance as well as Rope Burn 's striptease are highlights . You go through so many emotions by the end , but feel happy and carefree by the time Together Again closes the show . All the classics are performed as well as some of the best songs on The Velvet Rope . It 's a theraputic rollercoaster that 's entertaining from start to finish .
 This concert makes me feel like even now artists have got to step their game up.If were gon na pay our money for your concert you 've got to give us your best . Janet does just that with the Velvet Rope . The album sings like a discovery of one 's self and examination of who and where you are in life -LRB- something we all must do at some point in life -RRB- . The video visually gives you a very very nice retrospect and walk down the musical memory lane of Janet 's top hits . Its nice that she always pleases the fans . I 'm impressed with this video . After recently listening to this album I had to have the video and I was not disappointed . I felt like rediscovered an artist whom I had not really appreciated before and I 'm quite impressed and happy with my discovery of how she has influenced music and the music industry ...
 I consider this one of the greatest concerts , beautifully done by the one and only Janet Jackson . My wife and I have been looking for this dvd ever since my original recording of this was taken -LRB- borrorwed -RRB- by our nephew . Now we finally got it back . Without Janet Jackson there would be no Beyonce Knowles ! Janet Jackson still rules !!!!!
 The Velvet Rope tour is probably Janet 's best show . If u are a big fan and enjoy watching her perform , this DVD is a `` must have . '' Janet definitely paved the way for all of the present day female entertainers . This DVD proves it !
 I bought this DVD a year ago , and when I first watched it I was a little bit disappointed because I really expected more of it.They were n't very frequent with the costume changes , and they were n't as much creative as the All For You Tour as far as the settings consern.But as a true Janet fan and a inspired dancer , I bought `` The Velvet Rope '' album -LRB- I 'm a huge fan since a little 4 years ago -RRB- and thought it was an amazing peace of art.The more I listened to it , the more I fell in love with it.And after beginning to be totally obsessed with the album , I watched the show , and I thought it was AMAZING.The show was more about the cheography and showing us the great talent Janet posseses.She has this great energy on stage , which she always has of course , but what I have n't noticed the first time I saw THIS DVD.Overall , it 's a great show and y' all should really check it out , love you janet !!!!!!
 Janet has come a long way folks and this concert proves she is/was at the top of her game . I can clearly see her influence in other artists such as Destiny 's Child and Britney Spears . Janet might not be a great vocalist , in fact thats her weakness but her performances make up for what she lacks . Her dancing and her ability to rarely rely on a backing track makes her a great performer.I was probably no more than 10 or 11 when this concert was shown and it was good then and great now.Janet 's energy and determination can be seen and felt throughout the show . She seems more focused than ever and it shows . Aside from that , her band and dancers were on point with every key and step . All of her top hits at the time are performed ; `` IF '' , `` Control '' , `` Miss You Much '' and `` I get lonely '' , they are all here.If you want to see a great LIVE concert with great sets , vocals , dances , costumes and props then pick this one up . Its worth the money . If your a Janet fan or a fan of Pop/R & B ; music then get this DVD because its a classic .
 Before her recent decline from the last couple of years , Janet was sexy but made her performance top priority before showing flesh ! True , she was suggestive here as well but nothing like the blantant shows that she makes now.She performs mainly from Velvet Rope but she also performs a lot of the songs that made her an ICON such as Rhythm Nation , Alright , Love Will Never Do Without You & Black Cat.This is an electric concert and between this and the Hawaii concert , I would recommend this one the better of the two . Get this to see Janet before her decline .
 janet looks like she 's immulating her brother michael a bit , because she has these angry \ confident exxpressions on her face . i remember when it first aired on october 12th , 1998 on HBO , it was the end of her world tour promoting her `` velvet rope '' album . `` for the past 2 tours , and the only 2 that i 've done it 's always been the states first and this time i 've made a decision to start in europe '' , she said in an interview back in early '98 when her tour was on the brink of begining . the show was unbeliveable !!! she collaborated with some dancers she danced with on her last album project , `` janet . '' - tina landon -LRB- choreogorpher -RRB- - tyce diorio -LRB- lokkin ' good , lookin ' really , really good !! -RRB- - shawnette `` BUCKY '' -LRB- what was her last name ? -RRB- - and others ... the way she transformed from the `` circus-like \ fun-fair '' vibe of `` escapade '' , to the `` erotic \ striptease '' of `` rope burn '' , all the way up to the `` closing \ farewell '' performance of `` together again '' was truly insparational . i do n't think we 'll ever know how ms.jackson -LRB- `` if you 're nasty ! '' -RRB- does it !! she works so damn hard and this show proves it!P.S .
 This dvd is amazing ! Janet is off the hook ! However , I must say that I ADORE THE HAWAII dvd just released recently , and would recommend that one over this one ... Janet looks so fab in the Janet in Hawaii dvd , and I love `` All for You '' and all the songs on that same cd that the Velvet Rope tour does n't provide . Also , All for you has so many hit songs , not just her most recent cd to promote . I am only to be trusted if you have my same taste in `` Janet '' experiences ! :-RRB- I know `` The Velvet Rope '' is one of her most -LRB- if not the most -RRB- critically acclaimed work of her career , but for me , it is too dark . I like some of the songs like `` Go Deep '' but for me , sexy Janet aka Janet . and `` All for You '' are the cds for me.Let me preface what I said by saying that ANYTHING Janet is worth owning , and I did give this 5 stars which says that anything beyond this DVD -LRB- for me -RRB- is just out of this world !!! Janet is a true performer , and she knows how to work it , and after seeing Miss Janet live , her dvd 's come close to reliving the magic!Standout performances on this disc are `` What About ? '' the haunting domestic abuse song , as well as `` If '' the classic song , as well as medleys of her best songs . If you get a chance , why not pick up Janet in Hawaii and add this on to your `` Velvet Rope Tour '' purchase ! : -RRB-
 THIS CONCERT IS AMAZING !! I ENCOURAGE EVERYONE TO PURCHASE THIS CONCERT.THE ENERGY IS JUST UNBELIEVABLE !!
 Okay , I 'll admit it ... I 'm a Janet fan . But you 've got to give it to her , Girlfriend is a fantastic performer . This video proves it . I 've seen her live twice and this video brought me back to the great times I had at those concerts . She gives so much of herself that you do n't mind the price you paid for the tickets . With that in mind , this video is a bargain at any price . Madonna who ?
 I saw Janet in concert but did not have good seats so this DVD is a revelation for me . The sound quality is better than being at the show , since you can actually hear her and the band perform over the screaming crowd . With a combination of camera cranes and Steadicam shots , you get a great on-stage perspective of her show .
 The Janet Jackson 's Velvet Rope -LRB- Live in Concert -RRB- was excellent . There was something for everyone to appreciate ; superb singing , dancing , various depiction of life demonstrated -LRB- i.e.playful circus , gambling , strip-club , violence in homes , military ensemble etc. -RRB- I must say the choreograph was exceptional .
 I absolutely LOVE the concert ... the choreography , the set , the vocals , the costumes . I actually felt like I was watching a Broadway play . It was so well put together and included ALL of her best hits ... A must have !!!
 I saw this concert when it aired live on HBO several years ago . The show is full of wonderful visuals -LRB- costumes , props and sets -RRB- . Much more than you would expect from a concert . The dancing is out of this world and Janet looks like the true diva-performer extraordinaire that she is . I recorded this show on VCR and the audio on this DVD could stand to be a little bit better . Also , they cut one small scene out , it 's where Janet brings a guy up on stage and the first guy doesnt suit her taste , for whatever reason , then she has him taken off the stage and recruits another . On the DVD you never see the first guy who is brought onto the stage . If you like Janet you 'll want to add this to your collection and if your not a Janet fan you will be after seeing this show !
 The concert was her best . Great twists and turns on the concert , kept my attention most of the time .
 I say this after seeing ` All For You ' live and on DVD . The visual elements , costumes , and the video board integration to the set are artful and perfectly implemented . The opening song -LRB- `` The Velvet Rope '' -RRB- is directed , choreographed , and presented just perfectly , and made me proud to have loved Janet Jackson since the ` Good Times ' and ` Fame ' days . Janet actually directed the show from the stage , she 's the greatest . One thing missing from the VHS version is the first guy brought to the stage during ` Rope Burn ' . I loved how she dismissed him . Her and Tina 's choreography on this album was flawless too.Tina Landon , I sure do miss you ...
 This tour was so cool . The songs she sang were great , and most of them are from her latest album at that time , which was The Velvet Rope . In my opinion , it was also her best album . After seeing the All For You tour , I really think that The Velvet Rope Tour was MUCH better and her most mature effort . She is so talented and has a lot to offer . The show and DVD are great ! It 's a MUST HAVE !
 Janet is one of those artists that makes you love her cds and completely mesmerizes you in concert . I was fortunate enough to see her Velvet Rope tour and was pleased to see it released on dvd/vhs . Janet does n't skimp on the songs , dancing or costumes ... she delivers on all accounts building the audience 's excitement with each set of songs . From her first big hit `` Control '' to `` The Velvet Rope '' , Janet charges the stage and , with her dancers , whirls you through the last decade of chart makers she has accumulated . I would like to have seen some extras on this dvd but that is a minor complaint . The concert itself is worth every penny and if you are a Janet Jackson fan , you need this in your video collecton
 Oh my God ! Yes you Ms. Jackson . Can THIS be real ? You deserve every single award possible . I 'm looking forward to seeing you dance again . I was too intimidated last time -LRB- not so long ago -RRB- to dance with you . I wo n'tever pass up that chance again .
 I was lucky enough to get to see this tour live in Memphis , Tennesee . Anyone who saw the tour will have to agree with me that you ca n't just see it once . This video allows you to watch Janet over and over again . This was the best tour I have ever seen . I have been looking for this video ever since the night of the concert . It was one of the BEST experinces of my life !!!!!!! Thank you Amazon for providing great movies !
 Even the Media and entertainment industry said that Janet is the Queen of Pop and Best Female Performer in history and they 're right . Of course we all know that Madonna fans were gon na diss Janet but there just jealous that Janet is better than Madonna . In front of more than 22,000 fans and live on t.v. for the first time ever Janet seemed unfased . She did n't mess up once . Maybe Mariah , Whitney , and Celine 's voices are stronger but Janet can sing so sweet just like she held that long note in `` Again '' ... but in performance no other female entertainer can dare come close to Janet . And in my opinion she is a better performer than Michael . Michael does the same robotic moves but Janet can hit you with a different style everytime like `` I Get Lonely '' , `` Rhythem Nation '' , `` If '' and `` That 's The Way Love Goes '' . Over 15million people say Janet 's HBO concert in America and it was the number one network for that night . Her tour has grossed over $ 33million in the U.S. -LRB- including the sold out show in Hawaii in which over 40,000 people showed up for and that was the highest attendance for a concert there ever and generated over $ 2million dollars -RRB- . It also made over $ 150 million worldwide . If your a fan of Janet visit this Janet site missjanet.xs4all.nl Janet goes there and chats in the chatroom sometimes . Also join the Janet mailing list . By the way Janet 's Tour video is number one on the music video sales charts .
 Their will be no moonwalking here . Janet sets the stage on fire with energy and dancing that madonna could n't come close to . Janet is the premeire female entertainer . She commands the stage like no one else can . And yet she still is in contact with the audience -LRB- Somthing michael fails at -RRB- . Madonna could n't stage a show like this if her life depended on it . Janet stands alone as Queen of the stage .
 A + ... TWO F A C E 2 3 7 ... =-RRB- ccccccccc s www wow
 I could go on-and-on about how incredible & indispensable this DVD is for fans of TRUE old-time music , but I 'll be brief and mention only the DEFINITE highlight to be found here
 I have been a Buddy Holly fan since I first heard him on the radio in my home town of Sydney , Australia.Whilst we heard all his songs , the main songs that is , it took many years , over 50 , for me to be able to access a detailed visual history of his life and times and friends.It was great to see the other players who worked with him in those days eg a very young Waylon Jennings.A brilliantly put together documentary , even my wife found it very interesting ! Although she got a bit sick of me falling asleep with the DVD player on and it defaulting to `` That 'll be the Day '' , in the early hours of the morning.A great contribution to those interested in the history and pioneers of Rock n Roll !
 I was very pleased with this DVD , my wife watched it with me and even though she is not as big a fan of Buddy and his music as I am , she said it was very good , and entertaining , and she learned a lot about Buddy and his music.I am pleased to add it to my collection of DVD 's and CD 's by Buddy Holly and the Crickets.Would highly recommend it to the loyal fan or someone just discovering Buddy!Rave ON !!!!
 This DVD contains an excellent set of interviews with key figures in the Buddy Holly story . There are one or two obvious omissions in terms of personnel , but with the perennial legal issues surrounding the Buddy Holly legacy , that is not surprising . The stories told by some of the participants are very familiar , but they lose nothing in the re-telling and others add valuable new glosses . To this reader , the most unexpectedly interesting is Charles Bunch , now no longer with us but here describing eloquently what it meant to be asked to play drums behind Buddy Holly . All in all , a welcome addition to any Buddy Holly/Crickets addict 's collection . My one criticism is the misleading way Amazon lists the DVD
 Very good nearly 2 hour documentary on Buddy Holly which interviews various participants in Buddy 's life with many photo 's to illustrate Buddy ` sstory as there is precious little film footage of Buddy in existence . 3 TV performances are included as a bonus-They are That 'll Be The Day - Peggy Sue From Ed Sullivan and Oh Boy from another show.Also included are an additional 20 minutes of interview as a bonus . Makes a good companion to the Real Buddy Holly Story DVD.A definite must for the Buddy Holly fan ,
 If you are a totally out of control Buddy Holly fan -LRB- like I am -RRB- , then this book is a `` must have '' for your library ! It adds a great deal of information about Buddy and his performances in England and is well written and researched with some great bibliographic information !
 This DVD combines two VHS tapes that were titled Taiji Pushing Hands 1 and Taiji Pushing Hands 2 . I own both of the VHS tapes , having purchased them when they were first released . As I 've mentioned in other reviews , I have always been satisfied after purchasing martial arts DVDs of material that I already had previously purchased in the VHS format . Besides the advantages of easy access when using a DVD , Dr. Yang , Jwing Ming usually includes a fair amount of new material when he re-releases a product on DVD.The production quality is excellent as always , and I feel this is one of the few videos available by anyone that actually gives sound instruction in how to learn and practice Taijiquan pushing hands . I own a number of different pushing hands videos by various teachers . Unfortunately , they require a high level of skill in order to benefit from the material as the tapes either are not in English or use limited English to teach the concepts . Many of the tapes available from other teachers do not cover the material as thoroughly as does Dr. Yang.Taijiquan pushing hands is a critical skill to develop for anyone that is serious in their study of Taijiquan . It is , I hate to say impossible , but let 's face reality , there is no way a person can reach their potential in the application of Taijiquan techniques unless time is spent doing pushing hands with a variety of practitioners . OK , so you and a couple of buddies toss each other around in kind of free for all haphazard method -LRB- or lack of -RRB- . That is not pushing hands , and anyone not learning proper methods in pushing hands can only reach a low level of skill.Learn the techniques and pushing hands routines on this video , practice often with everyone that is willing , and your skill will greatly increase . As skill increases , it becomes possible to truly `` win '' in pushing hands while being very conservative with your energy . Watching someone `` win '' at pushing hands while overpowering the other person is not as impressive as seeing someone with high skill seemingly control the other person while staying centered , calm and using very efficient techniques . This kind of skill comes from long hours of practice with live persons and using correct techniques , like the ones taught on this video.The video covers the following material , with both courses available on the DVD : Course 1Structure of Pushing HandsBasic Taiji Symbol Sticking HandsSolo Single Pushing HandsPartner Single Pushing HandsPartner Double Pushing HandsCourse 2Basic Yin/Yang Taiji Ball QigongThree Basic JinsMoving Taiji Symbol Sticking HandsInternational Stationary Double Pushing Hand RoutineInternational Moving Double Pushing Hands RoutineDr . Yang personally demonstrates the majority of the material . He then uses students of varying levels of skill to demonstrate the techniques further . It is always beneficial to the student when they are able to view various levels of skill when learning new movements . If one only sees correctly done moves , how will a student be able to differentiate between correct moves and moves that violate the principles of Taijiquan . Just as one must know and understand the yin and the yang when practicing Taijiquan , one must also know and understand what is correct practice and what is not.Very few teachers have passed onto the general public information concerning how to use the yin yang diagram in their forms and in their applications -LRB- push hands -RRB- . Jou , Tsung Hwa touched briefly on the subject in his book `` The Tao of Taijiquan '' . In his book he talks about using the yin yang diagram to practice the various types of kicks found in the form . Additionally , he shares some thoughts about the hand positions , phases of the moon and using the yin yang diagram.Why am I not surprised that Dr. Yang is the first martial artist to release this information on video -LRB- to the best of my knowledge -RRB- . Dr. Yang and his production staff have certainly set the standard for the way martial arts videos should be produced .
 I 've always wondered what Push Hands was - this video explains that in great detail and teaches how to learn in a very gradual manner . I got my copy last week -LRB- ... -RRB- Im glad I finally found this DVD , because it shows exactly what I was looking for - I once saw two women ` pushing hands ' in the park and was fascinated , but have never found a video on the subject until now . Nice sound and picture , and Dr Yang seems to be a very nice teacher .
 This video looks and sounds great , and the content is excellent . The DVD has 2 complete videos in it , courses 1 & 2 . So you can progress smoothly , with detailed instruction from the teacher . Its like a private lesson , where he gives precise instruction and adjustments , making it very easy to learn from .
 I think this is a great DVD . The transition from novice exercises to those of a proficient practitioner , is very quick and you can be left in the dust slightly by Dr. Yang as he incorporates the entire body and breathing patterns into what is seemingly a simple hand motion.From a novice perspective , this DVD will take a year or even two to fully complete and a lifetime to master.Having a partner at home who is also willing to learn is a huge help as a lot of the exercises , and the very nature of pushing hands , is for two people . In saying that there are a lot of solo exercises that move well beyond novice level very quickly , not too fast as to overwhelm you , more fast enough to make you realise how much mental effort is required to co-ordinate the entire body as one in a rhythmic motion . You then must move past that , so you do n't have to think about it so much , more that it becomes natural , so you can concentrate on your partner.Dr . Yang is a great teacher , and with so many DVD 's on the many different aspects of Taijiquan , even small town , or country people who may not have a local instructor or school they can go to , can learn from a true master .
 Although one of my good friends and training partners studies the Chinese martial arts and owns much of Dr. Yang 's library , Taiji Pushing Hands 1 & 2 was my first direct exposure to this renowned instructor , and let me just say that I was utterly impressed . The supple and smooth , yet powerful and explosive , movements of his body are a sight to behold . Even more impressive is the fact that he can do them all while standing on the sides of bricks . Any martial artist , no matter what his or her style , would be happy to have this type of body control in his/her toolbox.And really , that is what makes this video so great - the content is really quite style neutral . Sure , its primary audience is taiji practitioners . However , anyone who watches this video with an open mind is going to find many skills , drills , and methods that will mold seamlessly into his/her style of choice . In fact , while watching the video , I was continually finding myself thinking things such as , `` Oh , that looks like blank technique from so-and-so kata . '' In addition , Dr. Yang explains all of the movements in such a way that even someone with no prior exposure to pushing hands can follow along reasonably well . Really , the only place where the exposition is inadequate is during the Taiji Ball Qigong exercises at the beginning of Course 2 . Although the viewer is referred to a separate video that specifically discusses these movements , some small amount of discussion would have been useful to fit them into the larger picture . However , this is only a minor issue and does nothing to detract from the way in which the rest of the material is presented.Furthermore , not only are the practices in this video well explained , they are also quite practical . Anyone who thinks that taiji is simply some form of relaxing `` New Age '' - y exercise that has no relevance to self-defense needs only to watch this video to see the fallacy of his or her argument . Not only does Dr. Yang give the viewer numerous pushing hands drills to practice either solo or with a partner , he also frequently demonstrates how the flowing movements from the drills can blend directly into a variety of joint locks and takedowns . Plus , he even shows a couple of different ways that a heavy bag/sand bag can be used to practice the pushing hands techniques . Watching the video , it is clear why pushing/sticking hands-type drills were once a central part to many different martial arts . Moreover , it is a great motivator for reintroducing them into styles where their practice has been neglected.Finally , unlike many martial arts videos , the production values on this DVD are quite solid . The picture is clear , and aside from a few sound pops here and there , the audio is good . Moreover , the menus are easy to navigate and allow the viewer to go directly to the specific drills he or she wants to practice . Overall , I give this video top marks and look forward to watching other Dr. Yang productions .
 Excellent DVD , Explain concepts and methods very clearly . Great DVD to have as a guide and give the practitioner of the arts lots of ideas .
 As always Dr. Yang 's presentation is simple yet in depth . Easily understood and understandably high calibre . I gave this to my students , so they , could study and review at home ' and they love his teacing and soft spoken and friendly demeanor .
 The class I took of Dr. Yang 's Tai Chi uses this as a second of three parts in teaching Tai Chi . It follows the Yang teaching so well I did n't get behind when I could n't make the class .
 This movie is one of Joan 's best films . She made it in the 50 's during a slow time in her career after `` Mildred Pierce '' . This was sort of Joan 's come-back picture of the 50 's . And boy did Joan know how to come back with a vengeance!Joan plays Myra Hudson -LRB- I wonder if she 's related to Blanche Hudson ? -RRB- a successful -LRB- and rich -RRB- playwright . Myra is re-introduced -LRB- she recently fired Lester as lead-actor from her previous Broadway play -RRB- to Lester Blaine -LRB- played by the very handsome Jack Palance -RRB- on a train trip back to her home , from NY.Myra and Jack soon fall in love and quickly marry . Their marriage seems perfect . Joan 's character is an older , successful , beautiful , and highly intelligent women . And Lester was n't at all intimidated Myra 's successes ... In fact Lester welcomes her success and her money . He soon meets up with his former flame , Irene Neves -LRB- played by Gloria Grahame -RRB- . Irene and Lester plot to murder Myra so they can run away with all of her money.Myra inadvertently learns of their deceitful plot and thus the title `` Sudden Fear '' is born ! It 's now a race against time to see if Myra can sidestep the murder plot.Joan is absolutely devastatingly beautiful in this picture , and she had such a graceful and elegant presence that always took center stage in this picture . This movie is a must-see for any Joan Crawford fan . I have seen all of her movies and this is right up there with the very best films she made during the 30 's & 40 's .
 This flawless piece of 1950 's film noir is only undone by how badly it has been transposed onto DVD . Such a treasure should have been fully restored and digitally transferred yet it seems to have been hurriedly recorded directly from the grainy VHS original and the result is a fine film that just does n't look right.That said if you 're a lover of great film noir , a fan of Joan Crawford or simply nostalgia itself do n't miss the chance to see and own this gem of a movie . Joan was one hard-working and dedicated performer who never ` slummed it ' as she used to put it . Forget about all that Mommie Dearest drivel and enjoy the greatest female star of all time 's finest hour !
 This is a first-class thriller based on the novel by Edna Sherry of an affluent playwright who discovers her new husband is planning to kill her . You see , she done him wrong at an earlier date . Now it 's retribution time . But who is outdoing whom ? Twists abound . Joan Crawford -LRB- Oscar nominated -RRB- and Jack Palance -LRB- his first Oscar nomination -RRB- are excellent . The cast also includes Gloria Grahame , Bruce Bennett , Virginia Huston and Touch -LRB- Mike -RRB- Connors . The effective Black and White cinematography is by Charles Lang -LRB- also Oscar nominated -RRB- . This film also boasts one of Elmer Bernstein 's earliest scores . Bernstein has been a leading writer of film scores since the mid-1950s , when his work on THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN ARM -LRB- 1955 -RRB- and THE TEN COMMANDMENTS -LRB- 1956 -RRB- elevated him into the front rank of Hollywood composers . His score for THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN -LRB- 1960 -RRB- made him immortal and launched him into a string of successful Western scores through that decade . However , he highly has been noted for his strong use of solo instruments and his facility with the jazz idiom . 1999 's WILD , WILD WEST returned him to his beloved Western .
 One of the best Joan Crawford movies I have ever seen . It really kept me interested the entire time -LRB- but to be honest , I could watch her do the dishes and be pleased ! -RRB- Myra Hudson overhears her husband , a man she has adored , plot her murder with his mistress . Using her ingenious mind , she plots her own revenge against her unfaithful husband and his mistress . Not one minute of the movie is wasted . She honestly deserved the Academy Award nomination she received . Sit back ! Watch the show ! Be thoroughly entertained by one of the best !
 After ending her 1940 's Warner Bros. contract due to dissatisfaction with the caliber of the roles she was being offered Joan Crawford moved into the next phase of her illustrious career as an independant performer choosing her own scripts . The first film she chose to undertake was `` Sudden Fear '' based on a famous novel by Edna Sherry that she very sensibly optioned and saw as a perfect showcase for her by now mature talents as an actress . `` Sudden Fear '' , offered Crawford a terrific and most welcome change of pace from her last largely lacklustre efforts at Warners such as `` Goodbye My Fancy '' , and `` This Woman is Dangerous '' , and could be seen as the next installment in the continual redevelopment and redirection that Joan seemed to undertake careerwise at roughly 10 year intervals and the end result was truly remarable here . Providing Joan with her third well deserved Academy Award Nomination `` Sudden Fear '' , gave her the perfect transitional role into the more assertive characters she undertook through the 1950 's and never has she been a more dynamic presence on screen than here where within the course of the action she evolves from potential victim to the one pulling the strings in a complex tale of cat and mouse intrigue and murder . Crawford for once in her mature career has a vehicle worthy of her talents and is tremendously aided by a wonderful script that contains nail biting suspense , melodrama , murder , and interesting characterisations by the supporting cast.After Joan Crawford 's career slump in the late 1940 's `` Sudden Fear '' proved to be a big success at the Box Office and certainly helped pave the way for the many `` take charge '' , characters that became her trademark from then on . Joan Crawford plays Myra Hudson a wealthy and highly successful playwright who as the story begins we find in a dilemma over what she feels is a wrong choice of actor . Feeling that actor Lester Blaine -LRB- Jack Palance -RRB- is definately not the type of leading man she had in mind she gets him fired from the production . Thinking that that is the end of the situation the play eventually opens to great acclaim however when Myra travels alone on the train to the West Coast for the plays opening there she encounters Lester again on the train and very soon a quite unexpected romance springs up between the former adversaries . After a whirlwind courtship Myra marries Lester and the pair settle down to domestic life in her San Francisco mansion . However Myra 's happiness is short lived when by accident she overhears a conversation that was recorded on her copying machine between Lester Blaine and his old girlfriend Irene Neves -LRB- Gloria Grahame -RRB- . Having heard that Myra intends to donate most of her fortune to charities Lester 's real intent comes out and is unfortunately captured unbeknownst to him and Irene on Myra 's tape . The pair intend to murder Myra before she gives away her fortune with Lester then inheriting her entire fortune after which he will marry the wily Irene . Overcoming her initial panic and heartwrending sense of betrayal by Lester , Myra composes herself and utilizing her playwright 's experience and imagination begins to concoct and then put into action an involved and utterly fascinating sequence of events to outwit the would be murderers at their own deadly game . Secretly fearing her devious husband but trying not to show her true feelings Myra continues to play the loving wife while putting her plan into action . Over the course of one evening Myra manages to evade being alone with Lester by pretending to be sick and leaves the house to set in motion her plan to frame Lester and get rid of Irene into the bargain . All does not go exactly as Myra plans however and she has to endure a terrifying pursuit by Lester through the deserted late night streets of San Francisco before a case of mistaken identity and a matching fur coat and scarf makes Lester believe he is just about to run down Myra in his car when in fact he is mistaken . The conclusion sees tragedy of a different kind result but which sees a shaken Myra able to walk away from the situation to a new life without her menacing husband.There are those that dismiss `` Sudden fear '' , as a `` camp '' , thriller however I feel it has its genuine moments of nail biting suspense that gives it its own corner in the noir thriller genre . Joan Crawford of course dominates the proceedings and her development of her character from trusting middle aged wife into first class schemer equal to her devious husband is a great achievement . Through much of the climax of the story once Myra puts her plan into execution Crawford uses her hugely expressive eyes to great effect which is best illustrated in the scene when she breaks into Gloria Grahame 's apartment and is almost caught by her husband and has to hide in the closet . Crawford here is superb in conveying much of her feeling and emotions with very minimal dialogue . It 's hard to imagine now but Crawford campaigned heavily for long time costar Clark Gable to play the role of Lester however the younger Jack Palance is perfect for this role -LRB- he was also Oscar nominated here -RRB- as the younger man being supported by his wealthy older wife and his very distinctive looks make him an ideal villian in the story . He actually works very well with Joan Crawford despite their reported off screen lack of chemistry . Perrenial bad girl Gloria Grahame is superb in her role of Lester 's trouble making old girlfriend out for a larger slice of the pie and prepared to murder for it . Grahame 's distinctive speaking voice and hard exterior also add much to the role and she is perfectly deceitful in her scenes where she supposedly is being a new friend to the older Myra while secretly plotting her death . Grahame was so effective in the role that she too was rightly nominated for an Academy Award for her performance . Director David Miller gets well rounded performances from what is essentially a three character study in `` Sudden Fear '' with the emphasis being on things not really being what they appear to be with any of these three main characters . Miller 's direction of Joan Crawford in particular is especially effective and he manages throughout the story to keep her character just on the edge of potential tragedy then in the next instance brings the character full circle so that she is again in control of the stories proceedings . Another of the strong selling points of `` Sudden Fear '' is its beautiful look with the strong elements of black and white light and shade courtesy of gifted cinematographer Oscar nominated Charles Lang , greatly enhancing the films look and feel and it works superbly in the moments of high tension such as Lester 's pursuit of Myra through darkened streets lit only by dim far off lamp lights . Along with the superb lighting the great use of many San Francisco locations for the exterior shots also adds greatly to the films overall look . `` Sudden Fear '' , is one of my favourite later Joan Crawford vehicles and despite losing the Oscar that year I feel she was most deserving of a second nod after her earlier win in `` Mildred Pierce '' . I ca n't say that Jack Palance is really a favourite actor of mine but I feel he made ideal casting here and `` Sudden Fear '' , really helped in setting him along in the successful career he had later on . Joan Crawford I always find a terrific performer and too often she seems to be relegated into the `` camp '' , school of acting by critics and public alike . Here she does have a character worthy of her considerable and often underrated talents and she makes the most of it in `` Sudden Fear '' . For all lovers of suspense and nail biting tension `` Sudden fear '' , makes a great addition to any film collection and is an important film to look at when seeking to understand the enduring popularity of movie legend Joan Crawford .
 Probably the best of Crawford 's 50 's vehicles , `` Fear '' is a very good noir thriller on it 's own terms . Director David Miller reportedly fought Crawford to get a realistic performance out of her instead of her just waltzing through the film on star power which was how she usually operated . It 's still a Crawford performance but it works . A playwrite/heiress marries an actor she recently fired from one of her plays -LRB- Jack Palance -RRB- . He has a trampy girlfriend on the side -LRB- Gloria Grahame -RRB- who plots with him to dispose of Myra , the playwrite , and when she finds out -- after much terror-emoting -- she plots to trip them up . Tension is nicely built up and the performances by all are first-rate . The noir b & w photography is great and on-location shooting in San Francisco gives it a gritty feel . DVD is fine thanks to Kino/Image providing a good , once obscure movie that had nominations for Oscars for Crawford -LRB- ! -RRB- and Palance . At the time , early 50 's on , it was said that Crawford was better when she was `` menaced in mink '' . This film is a fine example of that remark . If you 're a fan of Crawford , Palance or Grahame do n't pass this one up .
 Most of the previous reviewers have done an excellent job of outlining the plot details of this fine older film . I have just a few comments to add.Since DVDs have arrived and video has become a stepchild , we have an excellent opportunity to view old favorites with little impact on the purse . Sometimes a visit to old haunts proves our memory a little faulty or shows the film itself just has n't aged well.I loved this movie that first time around and it proved to be just as wonderful in a recent memory lane visit.Joan Crawford , never one of my favorite actresses , deserved the Oscar for this performance , not just a nomination . It was definitely one of her best . She was able to convey the ` fear ' without making one groan at any overacting . She portrayed a bright woman with a fear , a plan , a conscious , and a heart with brilliance and with just the right amount of conviction.Jack Palance , conversely always a favorite of mine , was his menacing best in this performance without having to overact for a second . The perfect role , played to perfection.It is always enjoyable to see the work of stars you have forgotten were in favorite old films . Touch -LRB- Mike -RRB- Conners -LRB- TV 's Mannix -RRB- played Sonny in this film , which did n't rumble back into memory when I watched him each week on TV , but I recognized his name in the opening credits immediately this time . It was very interesting to watch him in retrospect in an early effort -LRB- perhaps his first ? -RRB- . Hollywood in their infinite wisdom seems to have decided that today 's audiences are too jaded , too sophisticated , too juvenile , or too something to enjoy a simple thriller in the ilk of ` Sudden Fear ' , ` Midnight Lace ' , or other great ` woman-in-distress/woman-with-a - plan films , unless they modern-it-up as in ` Panic Room ' . Perhaps they know a thing or two , since they are wealthy and I work a 9-to-5 job and post reviews on a website.However , speaking for myself , and hopefully for other viewers who still enjoy ; a simple plot with character-study , suspense , b/w beauty , and pleasure while viewing , ` Sudden Fear ' tells a great story in a suspenseful manner . I still makes for great viewing . Grab yourself a bargain and enjoy !
 I am sooo happy now that I finally have this DVD - rarely recognized fantastic film noir - Joan 's best and Jack Palance 's first movie break . Riveting . Arrived on time and in perfect condition !
 `` Sudden Fear '' is a suspense classic from 1952
 Crawford fought to get the lead in this movie and ended up buying the rights to ensure her place as the hard hearted perfectionist -LRB- as if anyone else could fill those shoes -RRB- who falls for the man -LRB- Palance -RRB- that she once put in his place . To tell anymore of this story would ruin what appears to be a formulary Hollywood plot.The casting of the unique looking Palance instead of a certified Hollywood heart throb probably cost this movie its place as a `` Saturday '' night TV thriller , but it adds to the odd love triangle with Graham -LRB- who should have greater recognition then she does for a wonderful career -RRB- as the nasal tramp.This is one smart and entertaining Crawford romp - one that deserves a higher place in American culture then it has enjoyed .
 Perfect casting , careful pacing , and precise characterizations are the specialties of this suspenseful film noir . Of particular interest is the plot 's patient development of the relationship between Crawford and Palance , an intricate bond that continues to intrigue as the harmony of their home begins to ring hollow . Palance 's powerful sex appeal is like a lightning rod that draws both Crawford and Grahame , and , though nothing in the storyline comes as a shock , the details are utterly jolting !
 ok i watched this film and i ended up thinking `` Omg RKO has terrible quality '' but i thought rko 's films in the 30 's and 40 's had fine quality , but now im like `` well maybe its this ` kino ' dvd '' i have watched `` scarlet street '' from kino and that was fine quality !? . anyway , this is a really good films , at first i didnt like it but after watching it a few time si like it , and as usual her performance is amazing .
 Sudden Fear is a fascinating cross between a woman 's film and film noir . Perhaps because of its older female protagonist , it has been unfairly neglected . Joan Crawford , acting less histrionically than usual , plays Myra Hudson an heiress and successful playwright . The fact that she 's rich and talented makes her an obvious target . She falls for and marries sleazy actor Lester Blaine , terrifically played by Jack Palance . Blaine and his mistress , the younger and more attractive Irene -LRB- Gloria Grahame -RRB- plot to kill her for her fortune . Crawford looks middle-aged and frumpy in this film ; she seems to be wearing less make-up and is photographed from less flattering angles . It almost transforms her into a different actress . Its as if we 're seeing her true face . For financial reasons , Lester and Irene only have a small window of time to murder her in order to get the money . The latter part of the film is punctuated by ticking clocks . Myra has minutes to pull herself together and save her own life . The ticking clocks also have to do with Myra 's aging , dwindling attractiveness and mortality . There are many close-ups of her aging hands and feet that have the effect of magnifying her physical vulnerability . In the film 's dramatic denouement , Myra dresses like Irene and the two women 's identities merge as they become the object of Blaine 's murderous rage . Crawford 's training as a silent film actress make the last part of the film extraordinary . A truly great film !
 WOW Sudden Fear ! One of the first Joan films I have ever seen -LRB- way back in 99/2000 -RRB- , it still remains one of her best!If I had to choose -LRB- from the titles I have seen/own -RRB- , A Woman 's Face , Sudden fear , Mildred , Dancing Lady , The Women.First off , some side notes ... By 1952 , Joan had terminated her contract with Warners after some less than mediocre assignments . For the first time in her long career , she became a freelance artist . She found the script at RKO , and ultimatly doubled up as actress and producer . Joan also took less money up front and more percentage from the potential -LRB- big -RRB- box office . When the film became a huge hit , it help revive her fortunes as well as her 3rd oscar nod.Incidently , Joan INSISTED on Marlon Brando for the role of husband from hell `` lester Blaine '' Apparenly she hounded him a few times , and after she sent him the script , she recieved a note stating he `` is n't interested in doing any mother-son pictures at this time '' HARSH ! I 'm sure Joan reached for the 80 proof when she got that one!In this film , Joan plays `` Myra -LRB- Ca n't remember the last name -RRB- '' a older playright/hieress . Only in Joan 's world can someone be both a playright AND an heiress ! One a cross country train trip Myra encounters an actor she recently fired from one of her play 's `` lester Blaine -LRB- the wonderful Jack Palance in his movie debut -RRB- '' . Of course they get to talking and romance blossoms -LRB- sigh -RRB- . Upon the new couple 's return to San fransico , all is right with the world and Joan is feeling `` very gay '' due to her impending engagement ... THE DICTAPHONES SECRET ; Myra keeps a BIG ASS dictaphone in her study for the purpose of recording anything she needs to apparently . One morning after a party , Myra turns it on and to her SUDDEN FEAR , she encounters a plot by her new HUBBY to kill her during the thin window before her new will bequests the majority of her vast estate to charity , , , Instead of a NORMAL person whom take the recording to the police , Joan attempts to hie it and BREAKS IT!Joan realizes she must take it upon herself to save her own life ! Ergo , Joan world becomes a crazy mix of paranoia , hallucinations , and nightmares . Some of joans acting in the nightmare sequences is pretty hokey , but excluding this , her acting ca n't be topped!Again , as in ' A Womans Face '' in the crucial third act , Joan is required to emote bec she is hiding in a closet from lester , , , This is one of the best sequences of the film and is beautifully shot , , , There is alot of tension in this film after Myra 's discovery -LRB- obviously -RRB- ... and the viewer never forgets Joan MASTERED the requisite talent harking back to her silent days ... . Another highlight is when Joan -LRB- earlier in the film-pretending she knows nothing -RRB- sickenly sweetly proclaims to lester , `` I do n't know what i did to deserve you ... `` After she turns her back to him , , , , you can REALLY see what is going on in her head , , , , , but the brilliance is how quickly , severly , and convincingly her mood changes , , , One of course can only expect this from truly great talent ... Also worth mentioning is the excellent Gloria Graham -LRB- as Irene the other woman unbeknowst to Joan -RRB- whom was making a name for herself in gritty , hardboiled tough guy films ... her comments to joan after joan ` sprains '' her ankle are quite snarky and fun ! This is one of Joan 's best !
 `` Sudden Fear '' is one of the top 5 best Joan Crawford films ever as well as one of the best suspense films Hollywood has ever made . The story is strong as Crawford plays a woman who 's husband is plotting to kill her . Great acting , writing , and the direction of David Miller is superb . Miller also directed Crawford in 1957 's `` Story of Esther Costello '' . The picture was one of Joan 's favorites and resurrected her career after many flops . The picture would go on to win 4 Academy Award nominations including one for Best Actress for Crawford , her 3rd . Even her daughter Christina liked it . Sit back and enjoy a wonderful Crawford film . However the DVD transfer , as many have said , is n't up to par . Do n't expect perfect digital quality and extra features . Buy the film because it is a great movie and the fact that it 's on DVD will enable us to have it for many years . Truely a must have for any Crawford fan and fans of film noir !
 Miller 's Oscar-nominated `` Sudden Fear '' pairs queen of melodrama Crawford with dashing villain Palance , while Grahame sizzles as his greedy , scheming mistress . With its atmospheric lighting and stark cinematography , the film is exemplary of noir-thrillers of the time , but screenwriter Lenore J. Coffee gives the plot an extra twist by having Crawford discover the murder plan via Dictaphone-and then orchestrate her revenge . The resulting game of cat and mouse , which ends with a climactic nighttime chase , is the heart-pounding fun of `` Fear . ''
 Joan Crawford chews the scenery , Jack Palance looks ugly and menacing , and Gloria Grahame slinks around in this fabulous film noir . Crawford is a wealthy socialite and playwright who marries Palance , an actor she had previously rejected from one of her plays . Turns out he has a girlfriend -LRB- Grahame -RRB- and they 're plotting to murder Joan for her money . Joan finds out and decides to beat them to the punch -LRB- so to speak -RRB- by hatching a plan to murder her husband and frame his lover for the crime , complete with a little dream sequence showing the audience how it 's supposed to turn out . In the middle of the plan , however , Joan loses her nerve ... and that 's when things get really interesting . The suspense starts about halfway through the film , when Joan discovers the plot against her , but the last ten minutes of the film dials up it a few levels . A must for any fan of Crawford and/or film noir .
 Joan Crawford was an actress a generation before mine , and I knew little about her except for some 1960s films like `` I Saw What You Did '' , or the abysmal `` Trog '' . When the `` Mommie Dearest '' Faye Dunaway film portrayal later appeared , it formed an impression of Crawford as an eccentric who abused her adopted children . I held that image for decades and had no interest in her films.Then around 2000 , I saw `` Sudden Fear '' on TCM . I was floored by her talent as an actress . The latter part of this film , after she discovers the plot against her , and especially in the streets after her bad husband tries to run her down , is stunning . The scene of her walking with tears in her eyes tore me apart . I could not get the scene out of my mind . Then I discovered another great film , `` Johnny Guitar '' , then `` Whatever Happened to Baby Jane , '' and even appreciated lower budget films such as `` Strait-Jacket '' . The list goes on and on . Over the past decade , I have concluded that Joan Crawford is my all-time favorite actress . She was a STAR , a movie star of the highest caliber and no modern actor or actress has either the ability or presence that she has on film.I am satisfied with the video and audio portion of the 60 year old film on the DVD . Kino typically presents the best images available and works to improve what they have too . I do think the price for the DVD is way too high , though .
 The picture on this DVD was actually ok . But the sound was absolutely wretched . We had to turn the sound up almost all the way to even hear the dialogue -- and even then it was muffled and unclear . Kino should never be allowed with in 10 miles of a classic old movie . I wo n't be buying anymore Kino DVD 's ever again .
 Joan Crawford creates a portrait of fear that will have you on the edge of your seat . We expect a winning performance from her but we also get Jack Palance in a stellar turn as her husband . There 's also dazzling camera work that makes brilliant use of light and shadow . This is a must for Crawford fans and anyone else who appreciates how movies were made back in the 40s and 50s .
 I 've never seen this movie , but ordered it after reading some feedback from other buyers . It was a great movie , Crawford was awesome in it . However , the audio is horrible . I actually thought something was wrong with the dvd and sent for a replacement disc . Sound quality was the same . It 's really disappointing for such a great movie to be on dvd with the sound quality of a homeade vhs copy . And just to make matters worse , this movie is above the normal , current dvd prices - not really sure what we 're paying for . The movie ` Rain ' from the '30s has a better audio than this film !
 Joan Crawford & Jack Palance are sheer perfection in this tightly directed film noir suspense film . Not for a moment does the tension ease ! Crawford has done excellent work in many of her large library of films , but this ranks right at the top . This is one to own !
 Once I finally broke down and bought a DVD player , I thought the only possible way to break it in was with an unfamiliar film by my beloved Joan Crawford , 1952 's Sudden Fear . The film is a real thriller , sort of a higher-class film noir forerunner of some of the more exciting horror films she made in the 1960s -LRB- Strait-Jacket and Berserk come to mind ; I wo n't watch Baby Jane because I ca n't stand to see Joan be mistreated -RRB- . Joan is magnificent as a wealthy heiress/playwright who becomes the target of a murder plot by her actor husband -LRB- Jack Palance -RRB- and his girlfriend -LRB- Gloria Grahame , whose scene-stealing performance is almost worth the price of the film -RRB- . Joan becomes privy to the murder plan thanks to the advanced electronic technology in her San Francisco mansion . Always the playwright , she uses her plot-devising skills to foil the murder attempt , but backs out at the last second from carrying out her plan . We do however at least get the satisfaction of seeing what she had intended through a kind of dream sequence which left me cheering.Up to the last few minutes of the film , I felt it definitely deserved five stars . However , the ending is a bit of a letdown ; it is far too dependent on mere chance to be satisfactory . I could n't help thinking that a better ending that arose more naturally from the plot could have been devised . For example , if Joan had carried it out , the dream sequence would have been a great improvement over the ending we have , and confirmed once more her regular screen persona of being in charge of every situation.Nevertheless , Sudden Fear is an engrossing and exciting film . It was a great way to both break in my new DVD player and to spend an evening , not to mention being a valuable addition to my appreciation of Joan Crawford the actress .
 Alright , there are no special features . Alright , so there are n't even any subtitles . And there are a couple of seconds where the picture had grain - ok , I give . But overall , this film is excellently presented . I do n't have any complaints about the sound or the picture - in fact , I thought it was remarkably clear considering that it has n't been preserved as well as a lot of other pictures . Trust me , the plot more than makes up for any minor annoyances.In an Oscar nominated performance , Joan Crawford plays successful playwright Myra Hudson . When she falls in love with a handsome actor named Lester -LRB- played by Jack Palance , nominated for Best Supporting Actor -RRB- everything seems perfect . But when she discovers her husband 's plot to murder her , she designs a plan to reverse the gun.This movie is great , and if you 're not one of those people who whine when they do n't get all the bells and whistles , you 'll love it too .
 Forget everything you have ever heard about Joan Crawford -LRB- good or bad -RRB- and watch `` Sudden Fear . '' Crawford , at 47 , delivers one her greatest performances of her 45 year career . To denny that Crawford could n't be as good as Bette Davis -LRB- or better -RRB- is bull , or she would n't have been able to have more time in the spot light than Davis , especially as she grew older . `` Sudden Fear '' is filled with an excellent cast all around and the suspense builds up slowly , then the confrontation between Joan Crawford and Jack Palance 's characters reaches it 's height . The only thing I did n't like was that there were no special features , but the film itself is perfect . There are few Crawford films on DVD , this is a must have for not only fans of hers , but people who just like watching a good movie , especially film noir fans .
 Not so many films noirs of the 40 's and 50 's are to be found in the DVD standard until now so the arrival of David Miller 's SUDDEN FEAR is a pleasure we would be foolish to neglect . With an imperial Joan Crawford , a Jack Palance sweating hypocrisy and , last but not least , with Gloria Grahame ! YES ! THE Gloria Grahame with her voice , childish , slightly pathetic and undoubtedly sexy , SUDDEN FEAR is a superior movie of this peculiar genre.Joan Crawford is Myra Hudson , a woman of character , a playwriter who dares to refuse to Jack `` Lester '' Palance the first role of her new play . Who will control whom ? That 's the theme treated by director David Miller in SUDDEN FEAR . In the movie 's beginning , we are lead to think that Jack Palance is going to eat alive a Joan Crawford blinded by love . But Myra will quickly recover from this common illness and take her destiny in charge again.The last third of SUDDEN FEAR is one of the most impressive moments I 've lived , cinematographically speaking , since weeks . Myra Hudson will direct `` live '' the characters she has described in her books for years , she will control , in a certain manner , the sound -LRB- with the micros hidden in her office -RRB- and the image -LRB- with the power of the mind -RRB- of the play she is going to be part of . But the ultimate minutes of SUDDEN FEAR will prove that Myra Hudson can not act so , in the same way she has fired once Lester , she is replaced in the final act by Gloria Grahame for a tragic final.Myra Hudson can not act nor direct . Luckily enough for us , David Miller has showed us that he can.A scene access as sole extra feature -LRB- it 's too much , you should n't have , IMAGE ! -RRB- A DVD for your library .
 We all know how famous Crawford was for the melodramas ' and the often overacting -LRB- think of Queen Bee -RRB- . However , in Suddent Fear she is truly convincing as the wife who has just discovered her husband is out to kill her , hence the title.Some very tense scenes in this classic film noir . Crawford herself disputed the choice of Jack Palance as the leading man saying he was not attractive enough for the lead . She was right , he looked very odd , almost plastic . That aside , Jack still puts in a good performance.The DVD is heavily overpriced . Why it needs to be so expensive is anyone 's guess . Especially considering the dismal transfer to DVD . Yes , it is as bad as you have read about in other reviews . No Restoration whatsoever . No extras . Should really be alot cheaper than it is . You are paying for Joan Crawford really .
 Joan Crawford richly deserved the Oscar nomination she garnered for her emotionally charged performance of wealthy heiress and celebrated playwright Myra Hudson in the taut and suspenseful `` Sudden Fear '' . Crawford monitoring the previews for her latest Broadway play fires leading man Lester Blaine played by also Oscar nominated Jack Palance . She does n't feel that the craggy Palance has the proper matinee idol looks for the role . She soon after embarks on a transcontinental train headed for her home town of San Francisco , when she unexpectedly bumps into none other but Palance.Palance turns on the charm and woos Crawford and they fall in love and marry . Though acting as the perfect husband , conniving deceit surfaces through Palance 's transparent veneer when he encounters ex-girlfriend Irene played by the lispy Gloria Grahame . They still are in love and plot to do away with Crawford before she can sign her updated will which will provide only a relative pittance for Palance.Palance and Grahame discuss a scheme to kill Crawford by an accident , in her office and are unwittingly recorded by her dictation machine which was left on . Crawford learns of the plot and with her calculating mind devises a strategy to save herself and murder Palance while implicating Grahame.Although her plan seems infallible she ca n't go through with it but the co-conspirators get their just desserts regardless.David Miller 's apt direction and stark black and white cinematography are bolstered by the Elmer Bernstein musical score to create a gripping film noir thriller .
 Joan Crawford achieved one of her greatest performances in the 1952 suspense classic `` Sudden Fear . '' In the manner of so many great Hollywood classics , this film overcame an initial major hurdle when , after the film 's director , David Miller , following dinner and discussion with the great actress , was reportedly told to leave in the most emotional terms by Crawford.The basis for Crawford 's strong creative disagreement with Miller , and what would be a pivotal element of the project , was Miller 's belief that film newcomer Jack Palance would be ideal for her leading man . As proof of his point , Miller had brought along a film for Crawford to watch after dinner , which was Palance 's debut , `` Panic in the Streets . '' After viewing the film Crawford mistakenly believed that Miller had either Richard Widmark or Paul Douglas , longstanding film professionals , in mind to play opposite her , and was insulted when Miller suggested newcomer Palance . Crawford reportedly also was turned off by Palance 's appearance.Miller finally got Crawford to see things his way and the rest is cinema history as both the great leading lady and Palance received deserving Oscar nominations for their brilliant performances . Miller was shrewd enough to realize that an offbeat , terrifying looking leading man was just the antidote for Crawford , who therefore could appear vulnerable as was required by the exigencies of the story . The fascinating element about Crawford in this film is that she appears appropriately terrified , forging an entirely different persona from the assertive executive female type she normally played who was in full command of her agenda.The early phase of the film has a `` life imitates art '' aspect when Crawford , as Myra Hudson , a successful playwright , rejects actor Lester Blaine , played by Palance , for the lead in her Broadway play because he does not look appropriately romantic enough to play as leading man . He angrily tells her before leaving the theater that he looks exactly like that legendary lover of old , Cassanova.After Crawford 's play opens to smashing reviews in New York she returns to her home in San Francisco , meeting Palance again as they are traveling on the same train . The second meeting between them becomes so supercharged with emotion that Palance abandons plans to stop in Chicago , where a new job offer beckons , traveling instead to San Francisco with Crawford.Myra Hudson comes from old San Francisco wealth . This along with her rich play royalties make her an enticing catch for the opportunistic Palance , who in time proves he more than looks like Cassanova . Before long the successful socialite and playwright becomes Mrs. Lester Blaine.At that point Palance 's old romantic flame from New York , Gloria Grahame , enters the scene . They then plot to kill Crawford for her money . Crawford learns about their plot when it turns up on her dictating machine , unknown to the plotters.The story then enters a uniquely fascinating phase as Crawford seeks to use her playwright 's imagination to concoct a scenario wherein the Palance-Grahame team will fail in their attempt and she will survive . Many of the scenes contain little or no dialogue , with Crawford 's expressive eyes revealed with haunting conviction as they register alternately sadness over being betrayed by someone to whom she gave her heart and fear over being killed by the ruthless team of Palance and Grahame , who are tough-willed and make it plain they will stop at nothing to achieve their objective of wealth at Crawford 's expense.In addition to pulsating drama , viewers are also treated to the beautiful scenery of San Francisco , which is captured magnificently by the camera 's all-seeing eye .
 I have always found SUDDEN FEAR to be excellent suspense/melodrama and it is good to finally have this on DVD . My only complaint is the lack of any sort of extras . There is a major amount of documentation about the making of this film and the resultant problems Crawford had with Palance and Grahame on and off the set . Jack Palance , Bruce Bennett , Mike Connors are all alive from the cast members , and a number of crew members are still around . At the very lease a `` making of '' short film would have been nice to have .
 I was put off buying this copy - I saw it originally and loved it - because of the reviews saying the film is not well copied to DVD . Why do n't they start remastering these films properly . I would love to see it again but not a bad copy - most of the Hitchcock films have been redone brilliantly .
 `` Sudden Fear '' falls in the category of female melodrama film noir , a sub-genre which Joan Crawford dominated . Based on Edna Sherry 's story of the same name , this is an entertaining film , but not up to the standard of Crawford 's other film noirs
 This movie was fun and over the top . An exciting thriller worthy of purchase , but not until the price drops . The sound is terrible . I had to crank up the volume . The picture quality is fuzzy at times . Also , there are no extra features , not even a trailer . No captions . Nothing . Bare bones . Rent it only , you wo n't regret this watching this .
 Before I begin my review of ` Sudden Fear ' in earnest , I have to point out that this is a really poor transfer to DVD of a 1950 's noir classic . Movies like ` Mildred Pierce ' and ` The Women ' are much older films , but of a far better picture and sound quality.That said , it 's a good thing that this is finally available on DVD , while other Crawford classics like ` Flamingo Road ' are still languishing in the Vault someplace.Now , on with the review . Joan plays Myra Hudson , the successful and wealthy San Francisco playwright , who , after having fired him from her latest hit production , falls in love with and marries an actor named Lester Blaine -LRB- Jack Palance -RRB- . Against all sense and reason , Myra attempts to change her will to leave him with everything , but an overheard conversation between the conniving , unfaithful Lester and his scheming girlfriend Irene -LRB- Gloria Grahame -RRB- forces her to think very differently . A shocking climax ensues.Made in 1952 , this is Joan 's first independent picture , -LRB- for RKO Pictures -RRB- and revived a flagging career . What we see here is what I like to refer to as Middle-Era Joan , being neither the ultra-glamorous 1940 's Joan of ` Mildred Pierce ' and ` The Women ' , nor the screechy , scary Joan of ` Baby Jane ' and ` Strait-Jacket ' . She turns in a classic Crawford performance as the hapless Myra , full of facial tremblings and overpronunciation . She 's excellent as the Victim , but this is perhaps her best performance in a film outside of ` Mildred Pierce ' and ` Flamingo Road ' . She is touching in the love scenes , and tense and compelling in the suspense scenes . What 's also remarkable is the fact that she plays the part of the older-but-none-the-wiser Myra with such honesty , instead of trying to make this on-the-shelf spinster any younger than the script allows.Jack Palance is excellent , too , as the duplicitous Lester . He 's loving and warm with his wife , but menacing and hateful in the private moments with Irene . His face is hypnotic , sometimes it 's difficult to watch anything else on the screen , but he does an brilliant job with a character who swings between two extreme poles of emotion.Gloria Grahame is simply astonishing in her role as Irene Neves . She is cold , manipulating and possesses a strange kind of open-mouthed blatant sexuality that makes her wholly believable as the Mistress . She pouts , schemes and demands her way into the picture , and her performance in what is essentially a supporting role easily stands up to heavyweights like Crawford and Palance.Direction by David Miller is somewhat experimental for the period , but excellent . The darkness and angles used in lighting the piece gives a real sense of the noir , and the long one-shot scenes add a huge sense of tension and fear.The ending of the movie is slightly contrived , and a little quick , but we are still left with a tense psychological thriller that stands up today as a fine example of film-making . Highly recommended .
 What a hoot of a film ! It is a classic Joan Crawford `` Queen Bee , poor me the victim '' story . Crawford plays an ultra-wealthy San Franciscan socialite who writes incredably successful plays in New York City - non-stop ! Plus she 's just so nice and polite , that when she does n't think the new leading man is sexy enough , she ca n't bear to fire him - so she gets someone else to . BIG mistake ! Poor Joan ` falls in love ' with conniving rejected actor . Actor then schemes with Gloria Grahame -LRB- of `` Oklahoma 's '' girl who ca n't say `` no '' fame -RRB- to well ... it does n't matter . Joan 's character is so annoying blind to the scheme that even when she has blatant evidence of the ` plot against her ' she has this extended , drawn-out , wild-eyed scene of disbelief that is ; well , hard to friggin ' believe ! What fantastic overacting ! The ending is predictable and a little far fetched . Palance is great as the ` bad ' actor and Grahame was so young , but so good ! She deserved an Oscar for this performance . The last minute is surreal . Joan 's character turns from deathly horrified to a smiling `` life is going to be okay '' facade in less than 60 seconds ! Talk about wrapping up a film as quickly as possible!Trivia
 Not many fans of Joan Crawford are familiar with this film , but they should be . Attractive San Francisco location shooting and a superb supporting cast featuring Jack Palance , Mike -LRB- ` Touch '' -RRB- Conners , and Gloria Grahame , raise the bar of this exciting , nail biter noir classic , despite a rather simple and familiar plot . What 's fascinating about the film is how director David Miller takes a familiar plot and presents the drama within it in a most entertaining and absorbing fashion . Crawford plays a successful San Francisco heiress/playwright , Myra Hudson , who falls for Lester Blaine -LRB- Palance -RRB- , an actor who unsuccessfully auditioned for one of her plays . They eventually meet on a train back to San Francisco and after a whirlwind courtship , the two eventually get married , but after a few months into the marriage , Myra later catches on that Lester and his old flame , Irene -LRB- Grahame -RRB- , intend to kill her so he can inherit her fortune.Note Director David Miller 's brilliant cinematography -- how he effectively telegraphs the use of ordinary objects -- an initialed handkerchief , a key , a Dictaphone machine -LRB- even a small clockwork mechanical dog ! -RRB- , and his successful use of dissolves , light and shadow , and mise-en-scene to convey the terror and fear that not only registers on Crawford 's expressive face within the frame , but is carried thru an entire scene . In this film , Crawford perhaps most successfully exhibits the strong , yet vulnerable characters she made a long career out of playing . Although the intended victim of a nefarious plot to take her life and her fortune , we see how Crawford 's Myra Hudson consciously and methodically intends to turn the tables on her unfaithful paramour and his lover just as if she writing a plot synopsis outline for one of her plays.This was Palance 's first `` starring '' role after his smallish role in the classic `` Panic in the Streets '' with Richard Widmark . He admirably conveys both the aura of vulnerability and deceit necessary to charm Crawford 's character into believing he is her doting , loving husband . While this is not in the same league as , say , `` Mildred Pierce , '' it should be considered as one of Crawford 's better films and , as it stands , it is a superlative achievement in film noir .
 Joan is superb in this thriller ! Joan earned her second oscar nomination as she plays a playrite who fall sfor the wrong guy and then learns the horrible truth and in such a rottten way too ! I marveled at Joans character plots her clever defense ! This one will keep you on the edge of youe seat . They are n't made like this any more but they out to be !
 If you never liked Joan , this film may change your mind . Her royal Crawfordship uses all the skills she learned from her days as a silent star , to convey a woman attempting to outsmart her diabolical young husband & his girl . She uses that chiseled face and those big eyes to great advantage . Her reactions to a walking toy dog , while hiding in a closet are priceless . She was nominated for this performance , as was her rival , Bette Davis for `` The Star '' -LRB- ironically , playing a character rumored to be based on Joan ! -RRB- Of the two , Joan 's performance is the winner this time.Jack Palance is brute-hunkable as the husband , and Gloria Grahame puts the film in her pocket and walks away with it . If Gloria Grahame is your competion , than you SHOULD be worried ! Ms. Grahame won the supporting actress award that year , but for `` The Bad & the Beautiful '' . -LRB- although this film , as well as `` The Big Heat '' show her at her devious best -RRB- As Joan once said `` If you want ` the girl next door ' , then go next door ! '' Just make sure it is n't Gloria Grahame .
 Well received in a timely fashion . Have not watched it yet . Thank you .
 Joan plays Myra Hudson , a successful playrite who marries Jack Palance then discovers an awful truth ... Now watch Joanie go to work in a very clever way to out fox the villians ... It is no surprise to me that Miss Crawford was nominated for an Oscar for this edge of your seat Hitchcockian like thriller ... It is a job very well done and Miss Crawford deserves a vivacious round of applause !! ATTA GIRL JOANIE !!!
 One of the problems with buying Joan in the woman-in-distress in this movie is just that Joan is just not very good at playing it -LRB- She stares Palance down with the eyes of a gunslinger and looks as if she could take him out with one punch -RRB- . Once she decides that she is going to engineer the demise of both her murderous husband and his girlfriend , we are in territory that Crawford is best in . But I am not saying she ca n't be good - despite the nutty scene where she finds out that Palance plans to off her -LRB- where she does everything but juggle while spinning her head around a la Linda Blair in `` The Exorcist '' -RRB- , she 's good in this one . -LRB- Especially in the scene where she catches her reflection in the mirror with a gun and actually `` sees '' herself for the first time . -RRB- Slighly looney , like most late-middle era Crawford flicks , but our Joan makes you buy it lock , stock , and barrel .
 Although I am not a huge Joan Crawford fan , she really shines in this suspenseful drama . Jack Palance is also excellent -LRB- and scary ! -RRB- as the husband seeking revenge on her for rejecting him as an actor .
 For a description of the plot , etc. , read other reviews . Just some thoughts on this classic ... Sudden Fear -LRB- 1952 -RRB- is Joan Crawford at her best . The movie is edge-of-your-seat suspenseful with great cinematography . Darkness and shadows are used to full effect to create a dark tone to the movie . The movie reminds me of some of Hitchcock 's black and white suspense thrillers . Jack Palance also turns in a great performance as Crawford 's husband who has a sinister plot brewing . Gloria Grahame also does well in her role as `` the other woman '' . Crawford was nominated for an Academy Award for her performance in a leading role and Jack Palance was nominated for his supporting role . If you want to see Palance in one of his best villainous roles , then see this movie.A lot of people complain about the DVD print being sub par . It 's a 60-year old movie , so it 's not going to have an absolutely crystal clear picture and sound . Can it be cleaned up ? Maybe , but it 's not an absolute certainty . Some films can be restored and some ca n't . We 'll leave it up to the experts .
 Stars that I always enjoy watching , Joan Crawford , Gloria Grahame ... flawless . I could watch this film every week . Love the location shots . Great camera work , authentic locations . Good story ... a middle-aged woman who , although extremely bright , is completely deceived by Jack Palance 's character ... he is , after all , an actor . Love Gloria Grahame ... but I would watch anything she was in . The DVD sound is inferior . But I am grateful ... I never see this film on TV ... can not understand why . Have not seen this film since it came out and I was a very , young girl . Glad to have it . Took a star off because of the quality of the DVD .
 not sure if many people buy vhs tapes these days , however after reading bad reviews of the dvd version I bought the vhs copy , thank god I did , fantastic copy even plays well on hd tv , as for film 5 stars , great suspence , crawford at height of her fame , keeps you guessing till the end , a must in anyone ` s film noir collection , only the last 10 mins pulls movie down half a star , but you will have to watch for yourself , buy now , do not rent .
 Joan Crawford delivers one of her finest performances in this 1952 suspense thriller . `` Sudden Fear '' has all the classic noir trappings , with enough plot twists to keep you on edge . Jack Palance and Gloria Grahame are a perfect match for Crawford 's cat-and-mouse theatrics - guided by David Miller 's razor-sharp direction and Charles B. Lang 's Oscar-nominated cinematography . Despite a less-than-stellar print and no extras , this Kino DVD is highly recommended .
 This is definitely one to add to the collection ! Joan Crawford gives a dynamite performance here . And the great ending caught me completely off guard ! Very neat twist ! Now available on DVD too .
 Another stellar performance by Miss Crawford ! She was certainly worthy of her oscar nomination for a fine performance . Truly belevably as a playwrite who falls or the wrong guy and then learns the horrible bone chilling truth ! Lots of twists to keep you on your seat ! They do n't make them like this anymore but they should .
 Hi Queequeg ... I agree with most of what you said . However , I love the ending of `` Sudden Fear '' when Myra screams out Irene 's name . It shows how her character is instinctively a good and honest person and could never kill anyone in real life . I find it highly effective.I really do n't think she is smirking at the end . I think she looks almost resigned , numb , somewhat exhausted by the whole surreal thing . It 's my favorite ending of any Joan movie -LRB- next to `` Humoresque '' -RRB- . There she is a survivor walking into the SUNRISE . She is alone yet liberated.Remember , when Myra found out her hubby was going to kill her and the only proof she had of this was destroyed -- and thus no cop would believe her -- she had roughly 48 hours -LRB- and no sleep -RRB- to react , plan , and defend herself.I would like to think her character smirked later on when she came home , took stock of her bank account , and found herself free of that evil little man . Finally , with some serenity back in her life , she would write her next and greatest play
 This movie is excellent for the film noir genre . It is tension filled from the very start . Jack Palance is superb as the malevolent husband . Filmed in stark black and white -LRB- including the costumes of the leading ladies -RRB- the air fairly crackles with excitement . As the film builds to its shattering conclusion the audience is left breathless and absolutely riveted to the screen . A must have for any Joan Crawford fan or fan of the film noir genre . An excellent movie .
 i think sudden fear is a very good example of the so called films noirs and also joan crawfords performace is very convincing as the frightned woman who tries to save her life as well as she can
 This is another performance that shows Miss Crawford was truly a STAR ! Playing Myra Hudson , a San Francisco socialite and playwright , Crawford gets to show a whole range of emotions that garnered her another well deserved Oscar nomination . Jack Palance and Gloria Grahame co-star and also give outstanding performances . Add Sudden Fear to your collection ... you wo n't be disappointed ! This is one you can watch over and over again .
 This one will have you packed in you seat until the end !! the build up is very accurate , showing all the plot and stuff , and from the single moment then Joan exits her house on the mission , `` you wo n't breathe nothing , not even air '' . Watch it at night and you will be even more scared and will sweat just like Joan in the closet !
 I love seeing Joan Crawford go nuts . The last half is truly suspensful , and that wind-up dog made me wet my pants .
 even for those of you who do n't like the older films this one might grab you . good example of film noir with dramatic music , dramatic lighting and well-picked cast . the plot involves a devoted husband and a scheming husband . plot accelerates into a mind-blowing climax .
 It 's great to see a film about a woman of a certain age -LRB- was Ms Crawford 50 at the time ? -RRB- play a role in which her vulnerability , wealth , and need for love having been exploited by a younger man gets her revenge , sort of . All the parts are well written , and though it 's Mills and Boon stuff , it 's well acted , directed and shot . A classy B movie so to speak . I enjoyed Ms Crawford in this role almost as much as Johnny Guitar and more so than Mildred Pearce . She makes a meal of it and what a meal it is . Yummy stuff .
 This is a tight little noir with a clever plot . Crawford almost literally chews up the furniture , flopping against doors and bannisters for most of the second half of the movie . She gives the movie a pleasant campy flavor , but I 'm not a big fan of her histrionics . The real reason to watch this movie is to be thrilled by the spectacle of the white hot young Jack Palance . His onscreen `` romance '' with Gloria Graham is about as good of a depiction of unsavory lust as I have ever seen . An example
 A real tongue-in-cheek . Will have you on the edge of your seat
 The two DVD set `` Sculpting The Head And Face '' by Adam Reeder teaches a systematic method of sculpting a generic human head . The demonstration is not about making a portrait of a particular person . The finished head is realistic sculpture , but it does not have the level of detail that one would want in movie special effects or a wax museum . It is a roughly 3/4 life size head of a young man done in water based clay . Adam mentions that his method can be used for sculpting a particular person , but this is not taught . The point of the DVDs is to teach a method that lets a sculptor quickly remember and reproduce the landmark shapes on a typical human head and face.It is amazing that these DVDs actually do teach a step by step method . Although many other art instruction DVDs advertise `` step by step '' instruction , this is the first one I 've seen that delivers it . Adam 's method is unusual and it may not be to every sculptor 's taste . He begins by making a profile of the head on a thin slab of clay . Then he builds up the width of the head in stages while preserving the ridge of clay in the middle of the sculpture that formed the initial profile . -LRB- You can find many short videos on the web that demonstrate sculpting the head . Another sculptor who begins with a relatively thin block of clay is Michael Weir . Both Adam Reeder and Michael Weir describe themselves as self-taught sculptors . -RRB- Adam does not use technical anatomical terms ; his approach is along the lines of `` you take a lump of clay about this size , put it here and pull it this way '' . This is a good course for students who are n't ready to delve into anatomy . The generic head has some rather subtle landmarks . For example , one step of the process is to put a small lump of clay near each corner of the mouth . When sculpting a portrait of a particular person , the student will know to observe this part of the face . The raised areas may not be distinct on a person with chubby jowls and they may be deformed on a person making a certain expression . A student will know that he is observing something that will contribute to the individuality of his sculpture and distinguish it from the generic face . He may be able to duplicate what he sees by putting the lumps there and partially covering them with other clay or deforming them.Adam does not do highly detailed sculpting of features such as ears , lips etc. . He does not put detail such as wrinkles , pores , raised veins etc. on the head . For the eyes , he demonstrates doing the eyelids , but not bags under the eyes or wrinkles around them . He does n't put any fine texture on the lips . He leaves the ears in a rudimentary shape.This two DVD set is a low budget production . It definitely has a `` homemade '' quality about it . Fortunately it is homemade with the technology of 2010 instead of looking like a transfer of some VHS tape from the 1990 's . The only glitch I found when playing the DVDs in Windows Media Player was that Disk 2 , track 8 -LRB- titled `` 16 Finishing The Form Part 3 '' -RRB- hung when it finished and did not automatically go to the next track . It did n't hang the program and I was able to navigate to the next track . When I tried playing the DVDs on my four year old DVD player , I could n't figure out how to make complete use of the track selection menu . The menu shows only the first six tracks . At the bottom there is an arrow that you must select if you want to move to the next menu . I did n't find any combination of keys on my control that would let me highlight the arrow or take me to next menu.Adam Reeder narrates in an earnest tone of voice using simple declarative sentences . If you did n't know he was an adult , you might think that that your were being taught by an enthusiastic teenager . He speaks spontaneously . His narration is organized , but not entirely smooth . There are a few places where he hesitates while finding the right words . There are a couple of times when he says `` hair line '' and by his gestures you see that he really means `` brow '' or `` line of the eyebrows '' . The design of the camera work is simple and excellent . For almost all of the video , we see a view of the head sitting on a turntable . Adam is effective at rotating it to views that make his teaching clear . There are a few places where the camera makes some small unnecessary movements as if its auto-tracking feature had been turned on.You might be slightly bothered by the sound of the turntable rotating . There is one segment where you can hear the faint sounds of a child fussing . I 'm glad to have this type of audio instead of the meandering background music that infests art instruction videos marketed to school boards.The teaching is step by step but there is no introductory section about `` materials and supplies that you will need '' . You 'll have to view the DVDs and notice the tools as they are introduced . There are n't many . His favorite tool is the blade of a roughly 8 inch long kitchen knife . He has dulled the edge with a file and removed the blade from its handle . He uses a few small wooden sculpting tools . He does smoothing with a `` kidney '' , which we see is a small kidney shaped piece of rubber or plastic . Once we see him wet the clay with a spray bottle . -LRB- I do n't recall ever seeing him use the wire loop type of tool that many sculptors use for cutting out clay . -RRB- He does smoothing with the type of brushes used by oil painters . They appear to be about half an inch wide.Contents and A Few Notes : DVD 1You do n't see an option you play the entire DVD . To do that , pick track 2 . If you pick track 1 then track 1 plays in an endless loop .1 . OverviewThis is the entire sculpting process sped up and shown in a few minutes .2 . IntroductionThis selection shows you the material on track 1 and continues by introducing Adam and the finished sculpture .3 . Chapter I Getting startedHis explains his armature . It is a length of steel pipe screwed into a flange which is mounted on a circular wooden base . On the bottom of the base is the hardware for a `` lazy susan '' , available at most hardware stores . He does n't put any additional structure on the top of the pipe . -LRB- Some other sculptors put a ball of wires there . -RRB- He has formed a column of clay over the pipe and he let the clay harden for awhile so it will support the rest of the sculpture .4 . Chapter II Laying Out The FaceHe forms the approximate profile and introduces us to his kitchen knife blade . He pulls back flaps of clay to form the inner part of the eye sockets . -LRB- It is an interesting question how much detail one would put in the profile when doing a portrait of a particular person . Adam 's profile in this demonstration is rough . Although he emphasizes leaving the initial profile undisturbed , he is willing to modify it . Later , he changes the slope of the forehead and adds clay to the point of the chin . -RRB- 5 . Chapter III Developing Facial Features6 . Chapter IV Filling Out The Face7 . Chapter V Building Up The Head8 . Chapter VI Smoothing And Forming The NeckDVD 29 . Chapter VII Refining Facial Features10 . Chapter VIII Facial Features 2 -LRB- There is no chapter IX -RRB- 11 . Chapter X Eyes and Ears12 . Chapter XI Balancing Features13 . Chapter XII More Eyes And Ears14 . Chapter XIII Part 1 Finishing The Form Part 115 . Chapter XIII Part 2 Finishing The Form Part 216 . Chapter XIII Part 3 Finishing The Form Part 3On my copy of the DVD , this track hangs when finished17 . Chapter XIV Final TouchesI rate this DVD set as four stars out of five to indicate that it is a good explanation of how to sculpt a generic head and learn its important landmarks . Whether Adam Reeder 's method will suit a given student , I can not say . Potential buyers can get a preview of the method by looking at Adam 's demonstrations on the web .
 This is a great DVD for first-time moms who are either too busy , or too late to attend Lamaze class by Baby 's expected due date ; and want to watch something that 's up-to-date -LRB- and not just that old stuff you check out at the local library . -RRB- The class taught in the DVD is very informative and educational , and not graphic for those who are erkish about the real thing . It 's fun to watch while you 're relaxing at home , and even friends and family can enjoy watching it with you . I just recently had a healthy baby girl on 1/12/08 and it was definately a success after watching this DVD .
 This DVD is perfect for my daughter and her boyfriend as they are preparing for the birth of their first child . They appreciate being able to view it at home together , at their own pace , and in their own timeframe . With work and school schedules the way they are , planning outside classes was nearly impossible . They are enjoying the humor as well as the information included in this excellent presentation of labor and childbirth preparation .
 I agree that her delivery of the information can be a little silly or goofy , but this DVD is worth buying . It contains alot of good information . My husband and I did not want to go to child birth classes . Instead we bought and watched this DVD . It saved us time and money ! It also allowed us to learn at our own pace and in the comfort of our own home .
 I highly recommend this DVD ! I ordered this for the birth of my second child since we lacked the time to attend a 12 week class . This offered more information than the childbirth class that I took with my first pregnancy . In fact , if I had this information the first time , things would have been done differently . She provides thorough information on pre-labor and labor that equips parents for what to REALLY expect . She also offers the pros and cons of medication commonly used during labor that many OBs do not tell you . I appreciated her humor
 My husband and I were told by many friends to skip the lamaze classes because they are a waste of time . We were told that the nurses and doctors would tell us what to do when the time comes . We wanted to have some understanding of what to expect during the labor and delivery , so we opted to buy this video . I am so happy that we did . The video does not explain what we should do , rather it gives a preview of what to expect.Sheri has a goofy way of giving expamples , but my husband and I were greatful that she was not a robot in explaining so much information . The video is a little over 4 hours long , and we were highly entertained so it only took us 2 days to watch it . Sheri repeats the information to help with understanding , and the class asked questions which we were thinking about.We were also happy that she did not add any real births since we can watch that on the Discovery Channel . The video is well made and wonderfully informative . I am still nervous about childbirth , but it 's not from a lack of what to expect . My husband enjoyed this video and the breastfeeding video by Sheri so much that he asked me to purchase her entire series . This from a man who waited 3 weeks to watch the video with me because he was n't all that interested . Now he feels prepared and ready to assist me when our baby is born .
 I was pleased with this dvd . My husband and I learned a lot of new information that we did not know and it was presented in a way that relaxes you about childbirth especially if it is your first baby .
 I bought this for a friend and she is very happy with it . She said it answered all of her questions , and the convenience aspect was great . She and her husband are very busy and this allowed them to fit it into their schedule . Another big bonus is it was much less expensive than the class they were going to take at the hospital .
 Yes , by reading every review we all know by now that Sheri is a wee bit annoying , and her `` participants '' are an interesting sort of people , AND YES it did put my husband in a coma like trance everytime we watched it . BUT everything in this DVD is so valuable ! I learned everything I needed to know through this DVD without taking more time off work to go to classes . And since it was always available to me by the touch of a button I was able to review the important things while I was acually in labor . I had to kill time waiting for my contractions to be 5 mins apart before we went to the hospital , so I popped in the DVD , and trust me my husband was no longer in a trance , he was taking notes ! This was my first child and thanks to Sheri my labor was only 12 hour and I only pushed for 20 mins , 3 good ones and he was out ! I think doing what Sheri says and waiting till your dialated 5 cm before you get an epideral was really key .
 Ok , before I bought this DVD , I read all the reviews and I was prepared for it to be really annoying . IT WAS ! She gets on your nerves . She LOVES to act , and she thinks she is really funny , but it gets old quick . On the other hand , I was so glad that I sat thru it because me and my husband learned so much . It was too late for us to get into a class , and this was really so informative , and it went over pretty much everything you need to know about going thru labor or having a c-section . So , for the people who said it wasnt enough cuz you didnt get to interact with couples or instructor , why did you buy it ? Its great if you cant go to a class . What you learn is the most important part of this , isnt it ?
 I was very hesitant about purchasing this asfter reading reviews on how the instructor could be rather annoying , but as it was said to be very informative , I ordered it as I am not able to attend a class locally.First of all , this is an actual childbirthing class . Neither the instructor or parents are actors . Nothing is scripted , Sheri is just teaching the class as she has aparently done many , many times before . The parents are also definately not models , indeed the look of them provided me and my husband with the `` laughter '' part of the video.This is definately very low budget , as if they said , `` Hey , let 's make a video of one of your childbirth classes ! '' , rented a small studio and pulled a few couches together . The visual aids are the same as a real class , drawings on poster board.As to being annoying , well , she can be . It was better that is was just her natural personality than if she had been some actor poorly tring to be funny and being annoying . She is blunt and to the point , somewhat loud , and relates stories she 's heard/experienced in her professional career as a nurse that she found amusing in the same way . When you realise she 's from New York her accent makes much more sense . Overall , she was not too annoying to watch , and really not that bad.The information makes everything worth while . It goes over everything you could think of , and I feel much better prepared . I watched the entire video immediately after I recieved it , and am benifiting still by rewatching it with my husband -LRB- at a much slower pace of one segment per week -RRB- . If you can not attend a childbirth class , I would reccomend this video . This would also be a good reference if you wanted to review a certian aspect of birth/afterbirth . It 's not the glitz of Hollywood , but it does get the job done .
 After reading reviews here , I was hesitant to purchase this DVD , but all the classes at our local hospital were booked solid and I figured ... why not ? I think some people need to lighten up . She was just trying to give the needed information and make it entertaining and not dull . My husband and I really enjoyed it . We learned a lot and the information was repeated and reinforced so we were n't left asking questions about what we learned . Of course , she prefers natural childbirth and there is the promotion about Viacord , but we had our personal decisions on these matters already and ignored her opinion on these topics . We really were glad we bought this and watched it as we feel much more prepared for what we will encounter in less than two months ! Who knows what kind of person would have taught a class at our local hospital ? This was very informative and we recommend it . We 're first time parents and thought this DVD was very worthwhile .
 For those of you that do n't or ca n't go to a traditional class , I think you will find this video/DVD very helpful . My husband and I like it because we can watch one segment at a time . If we feel we miss something or do n't understand something , we simply replay that portion . We ordered this video when I was about 28 weeks into my pregnancy . I would recommend this to others so that you have time to ask your doctors all the questions that you ca n't ask the DVD .
 Although childbirth classes were available in our relatively rural community , we were unable to attend due to work commitments . We were very happy with this DVD . Sheri is a well informed instructor who presented material in an accessible format and even managed to keep us entertained with a little humor . One wonderful aspect about the DVD is that you are able to advance at your own pace - Watch the DVD in one day or take a ` class ' a week , whatever works with your schedule . Two components offered at local childbirth classes and unavailable on the DVD were breastfeeding techniques and a tour of the local hospital . Hospitals should be accomodating about arranging visits and there are plenty of breastfeeding resources available -LRB- books , videos , La leche leagues , and lactation counselors -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this DVD to others .
 Our biggest concern was retaining all the information one 8 hour lamaze class was going to give . The DVD 's were very helpful because we could watch it and retain the information at our own pace , although we procrastinated until very last moment to finish the DVD . It was extremely helpful to be able watch it at the very moment we needed it -LRB- the evening I went into delivery -RRB- . Sherri kept us laughing while we learned ----- '' a mucus what ! '' and prepared us for one of the greatest moments in our lives.-Shakima Duncan
 After reading so many reviews that criticized Sheri Bayles ' delivery -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , I was prepared to be informed but also annoyed . I was very pleasantly surprised -- I thought her wry sense of humor and presentation were an excellent match to the material , and I watched the whole video in two days of viewing . My husband and I had dropped out of our local childbirth class because we found the nurse there to be incredibly annoying and full of scare tactics , and this was exactly the tone I wanted -- informative , entertaining , and fast-paced . My one issue is that I would like to have had footage of labor , as many childbirth class videos seem to include that , and it might have been useful . For simply getting the basic information , though , I thought this was excellent .
 I thought this was great . The complaints about sound and video quality I thought were unfounded . I did n't find her annoying and both my husband and I did laugh and learn . The breathing techniques are helpful and clearly taught , and being a dvd if you miss it or somehow just are n't getting it you can always rewind . I especially like this format compared to a class as I can review this any time I feel the need .
 Okay , so it looks like it was filmed in the 70s and it 's not that professionally done . The lady is a nurse from New York and her voice and accent do n't let you forget it . She holds up the same two or three visual aids fifty times during the course of the video.Still , it 's a great video . My wife was doing her residency while she was pregnant , and we just could n't sign up for regular classes . This video really prepared us for our son 's birth , and answered a lot of questions we had . While covering all the basics and some of the complications that can happen , it tries to keep you grounded , so that you do n't panic when something does happen . Highly recommended .
 I negotiated that my husband would be in the delivery room as long as he did n't have to attend childbirth classes with gory videos . -LRB- And honestly , the idea of squatting on pillows and panting with a bunch of other preggies did not appeal to me either ! -RRB- But when the time came closer we realized that we needed more info than the books could give . My husband purchased this and we both loved it . Lots of good info , and even the graphic stuff was n't bothersome . We enjoyed her sense of humor and laughed a lot . Cost a fraction of what the hospital childbirth classes were running - plus , we plan to review it again in a month right before I 'm due - you ca n't do that with regular childbirth classes .
 A good choice for those who are not a ble to make it to birthing class , or those that want additional information . Funny , witty and covers everything from start to end .
 I bought this for my daughter who is having her first child , -LRB- my first grandchild -RRB- . Lamaze has changed quite a bit since I took Lamaze classes when I was pregnant with her . We loved the tapes ! They were very insightful , funny and calmed her fears . In fact , when she went to her next doctor 's appt , she was quoting some of the things she learned . The doctor was very impressed ! I would recommend this for any first time mother .
 These classes were a lot better than I expected . Most of the infomration was refresher , but there were several things that I never knew . The instructer doing the classes is hilarious , and my husband actually sat down and enjoyed watching them . These were much easier for him since he does n't do well in a class room setting .
 Do n't have enough time or money for Childbirth classes ? Are the classes full ? Watch this video instead ! Really thorough and informative . It has the same information as classes for about a tenth of the price .
 I definitely go along with the other reviews I 've read ; the programs can be very annoying , especially when she is trying to get the one husband who does n't speak English to answer her questions . But I must also say that my husband and I both learned alot . I would recommend this DVD for anyone who is unable to get to the childbirth classes !
 There is alot of good information in this dvd ! I will recommend this to family and friends . . You ca n't go wrong with buying this dvd . Lots of information in it . . Well worth the money !
 My husband and I did n't take a lamaze class , but instead purchased this video . We learned a great deal about the stages of labor and the medical terminology used to describe the various phases and situations . I did n't use the breathing techniques while giving birth to my son , as they seemed unnatural and forced and I preferred to breathe as I felt was comfortable -LRB- which worked much better for me -RRB- . I was able to give birth to my son without pain meds which I think had something to do with being comfortable with the process that my body was going through -LRB- which I learned about from this DVD as well as from birthing books such as `` Natural Childbirth The Bradley Way '' -RRB- . I would recommend it for the educational material ... but would n't necessarily recommend women strictly adhere to the methods presented . The lady 's voice was a little annoying at times ... but that just made my husband and I laugh with one another .
 We ordered this DVD because there were no available childbirth classes in our area that fit our schedules . It was also much less expensive to order the DVD . Laugh and Learn ... was very informative and gave all the information I was hoping for , from Lamaze breathing to different medications . The host was very qualified and gave good advice . Although my husband thought she was a bit corny , I think he was much more comfortable completing the exercises at home than he would be in a room full of strangers . We could watch the video after the kids went to bed and now I can review it as needed when baby time gets closer . I think it 's a great alternative to birthing classes !
 Overall the video is very informative and pretty funny . They cover a good selection of topics from Lamaze to drug options and post birth recovery . Some of the stories get a little silly , but they had my wife in hysterics.It definitely looks like they picked the funniest looking people they could find from a 80 's sitcom , and recorded it using a camcorder . However it was well worth the money .
 I 've watched the DVD twice already - you will need to watch it several times - there 's a lot of information . My husband & I did n't really want to go to classes in our area & this was a cheaper alternative . Sheri Bayles is very funny and gives great tidbits and anecdotes . I 'm using a lot of her information to help write out my birth plan . The only negative thing I can say about it is the sound . She gets a lil loud sometimes - which is fine , but the sound guy obviously could n't cope with it and so he cranks down the sound , so you end up having to crank the sound on your tv up just to hear her -LRB- by the end of the DVD our sound was all the way up -RRB- . It really was a great DVD though and a great alternative for those on a budget or who are n't interested in going out for classes .
 Just as good as any class ! Totally worth the money . Both my husband and I appreciated the ability to stop , pause and rewind the DVD and be able to watch portions we wanted to review over again . Its the only `` class '' you can take whenever you want - even 10pm on a sunday night in your PJs .
 My husband and I are in the military living overseas and have very limited access to prenatal classes . So I ordered Sheri 's tapes in hopes of learning something not covered in one of the books we 're reading . After taking the one day class on base my husband looked at me and said `` I think we 're really lucky we had those tapes '' . I agree completely with other reviewers who said the background is boring , the participants are not enthusiastic at all , and the camera shots often fail to zoom in on what she is referring to . And Sheri herself is a bit annoying . She tries to be humorous , but the fact thats she thinks her jokes are funny is about the only funny part about her . My husband and I did get a few laughs between ourselves when making fun of how cheesy she is . But all in all , she is well meaning and very informative . We learned so much and feel better prepared and more confident about the final weeks all the way through labor . I recommend this as a primary or supplementary source of birthing info .
 As a high risk pregnant person and first time mom , I was not able to attend childbirth classes . I had no clue on what to expect when I am in labor or having preterm labor symptoms . I also had two miscarriages -LRB- singleton & twins -RRB- both at 21 weeks . If I bought this dvd prior , I would of know what to do during these miscarriages and probably saved my babies . This dvd was very informative . It helped me to ask my doctor the right questions toward the end of my pregnancy . I was able to monitor my labor and know when it is time to deliver . I went into the delivery room not scare and prepared .
 This DVD will educate you about what you really need to know . It 's interesting and the nurse that teaches the class tries her best at being funny , but sometimes is more annoying . All in all it 's worth the money and it will help you even if you 're completely clueless about giving birth .
 The lady is kinda annoying . But the videos made me feel prepared and made me feel comfortable with my decision to not go to any formal classes , these were more than enough .
 My wife and I did n't have the time to take the lamaze class so we bought this video to learn what to expect in Childbirth . As a first-time parent , I found this video very instructional !!! Also , Sheri -LRB- the instructor of the video -RRB- is hilarious and explains everything in such a way that is easy to understand and fun to watch . In other words , you will find yourself breezing through the classes in the video without any concerns of how much time you have spent watching it . If , for whatever reason , taking the lamaze class is a problem or an issue for you , this is the video you should buy !!!
 The child birth classes we attended at our hospital did n't talk at all about natural pain management -LRB- like breathing -RRB- , so my husband and I looked for a video . There were a lot of reviews that said Sheri was too goofy , but I found her to be entertaining and informative . After reading a little of a Lamaze book , I felt like a horrible mother/less of a woman for considering an epidural , but I did n't get that feeling from this video . She presents the natural vs. medical alternatives with the positives and negatives without being too judgemental . Great video for first times moms who are nervous about childbirth !
 Although the woman who teaches you on this video is very opinionated , she does a great job teaching you everything you could imagine needing to know about child birth . After viewing this video I am much more educated on the topic and prepared for Labor and Delivery . I will defiantly loan this video out to any of my friends having a baby . And they did n't spend a ton of time on breathing techniques which tends to be a major focus of Lamaze classes . I defiantly feel more comfortable about trying a natural delivery .
 Ok , first of all , everyone who said this lady is annoying is ether a robot or does not have any feeling in their souls . This lady is just fine , and sure if i was a nurse for that many years i would try and make light of a traumatic experience that is child birth . Overall the class was great with tons of important information and the lady was just fine who gives the class . This is a great alternative to taking a real class , and you can watch it over and over . My wife and i loved it !
 My husband isnt the type that would have taken a full on child birth class with me , but I wanted to feel more prepared . This video was the perfect solution for us . My husband would watch it with me , and I could review it as we got closer to the big day . It really helped me feel prepared and more at ease . It also helped me realize what was happening when I went into pre-term labor . I would recommend this video . It was money well spent . -LRB- but dont waste the money on the newborn care dvd that goes along with it -RRB-
 I thought the video was certainly worth watching and it had some very good information in it . I plan to watch it again when I am closer to delivery and take some notes . This is our first child and we are overseas , unable to take childbirthing classes . I did find out that you can rent them on Netflix and so I 'm not buying the childcare and breastfeeding ones , but I am going to rent them .
 I watched this about two months before my son was born , and it alleviated a ton of worry and stress . It is very straightforward , and understandable . You will certainly have a better understanding of what exactly happens during labor . For me , it was very comforting going into the delivery room with all this information already in my mind . I felt more knowledgeable and prepared , and therefore much less stressed . Childbirth is a very stressful time for anyone , so why not make it as easy as possible ?
 I recommend all of her dvds . I did n't step foot inside a classroom for newborn care , breast feeding or Lamaze . This is the way to go .
 we purchased this video because we could n't afford the birthing classes that the hospital offered but did n't want to skip out on classes all together . the reviews were great and so was the price . we are very pleased with our purchase . she is informative and entertaining , and does n't miss a single detail . very helpful !
 I found this dvd to be very informative and even a bit on the entertaining side . I will definitely recommend this to others , it was money well spent for sure !
 I was induced with my first baby , which led to a c-section . I was bound and determined to do a VBAC with my second , but did n't want to redo the hospital birth classes . Got these DVDs , watched them once with my husband and several times on my own . Extremely educational , entertaining and helpful . Had a successful , drug-free VBAC and used much of the advice and information DVDs while laboring .
 This was hands down the BEST investment my husband and I made in preparing for our wee one 's arrival and I could not recommend it more to expectant moms and dads . I have already bought it as a gift for friends and plan to continue sending it as the IDEAL present . A onesie or blanket is great , but this is the gift of knowledge and it is GOLD.The instructor is EXTREMELY knowledgable , but she relays the information that you need to know in a very understandable way , making us familiar with the terminology that medical practitioners use -LRB- and will be using at the hospital -RRB- . She is also very comprehensive . Covering soup to nuts the range of issues that we can expect . We went to the hospital 's similar class series last week , and it was thoughtful and good , but there was no comparison with respect to comprehensiveness . If all we had was the hospital 's prep , I feel like we would have been going into this experience ... ill-equipped . Know that it does n't just cover childbirth , but also breast feeding and things to expect after the baby comes . All of these things are such the mystery when you have never done it before , and she takes the mystery out.For you mothers with partners that get queezy on these subjects , your partner will be fine . I am married to one of those and it was not an issue AT ALL . In fact , the instructor has such a great sense of humor that we laughed through most of the series . And when you learn in a fun way , you remember it . And he actually had fun.Once you have the video , if you want to rewatch a subject closer to time , you can . That has been useful too , as there 's a lot to know!I feel badly because as much as use amazon reviews , I never write them . But on this video , I felt compelled to let expectant parents know just how valuable this investment is .
 It 's very informative and only slightly cheesy . It is true that some of the jokes are a little lame , but it 's better than being clinical . Overall my husband and I have found it very good .
 I purchased this DVD as a supplement to the real Lamaze class and I have to admit I learned more from this video than from the actual class . Plus I had the benefit of viewing it again if I felt unsure about a topic . The content is presented clearly and is very amusing to watch . I am definitely happy with this purchase , I would highly recommend it ...
 My husband and I both enjoyed this helpful dvd to better prepare us for the `` BIG '' day . We were not able to go to an actual birthing class because of his work schedule . There are a lot of reviews complaining about how the birthing instructor is n't very funny and somewhat cheesy , but it 's really not all that bad . We both found her to actually be humorous in most parts . This dvd is very easy to understand and is great , especially for new parents like us . I def recommend it , and also , if you have netflix , you can rent it instead of buying it . But it 's dvd by mail only , not instant streaming .
 Okay - The information given was thorough and helpful . I feel like I learned a bit more than I knew before . I 'm definatly glad that I did a video and NOT attend an actual class.My husband and I watched most of it together , but I have to say that I watched more than he did . Although , I did fast forward through the stupid stories that the instuctor tells all too often . I felt bad for the people in the video who had to sit through all of her jokes and drama!I chose this video bacause it was more up to date than some of the older videos on the market and I think that the information given is current enough to learn about medical technologies for today.Just be forwarned that Sheri Bayles is annoying - Keep your remote in hand and your thumb on the fast forward button!Sorry Sheri - I know that you tryed to keep it from being dry , but you actually made it annoying instead .
 I definitely recommend this for anyone who does n't have time to take an extensive 4-8 week childbirth class . It is very enteraining and informative . My husband enjoyed it as well . I feel the information made our delivery a great one as we were well prepared .
 My husband was not to thrilled at the prospect of going to a Lamaze class but with this being our first , I was a bit nervous about going it alone . This was the perfect solution . It is very informative and is set up just like the class structure but giving you the ability to go at your own pace . I especially like that I can go back at any time and review the info to give myself a little extra help . We would highly recommend it to anyone having a child and who has limited time but would like to be informed .
 After trying for months to schedule a childbirth class that would fit into both my husband 's and my own schedule , this turned out to be a great alternative ! With only 3 weeks to go we found ourselves in quite the predicament when it came to knowledge of childbirth ! This was a great way to experience childbirth classes in the privacy of your own home while lounging around ! We did not feel constrained for time and could watch the classes when they were convenient for us . My sister just had a baby and watched some of the classes with us . She had endured the long , boring , and inconvenient classes at the hospital and wishes now that she would have known of this video ! The information was so helpful and I feel like I have so much more control over my pregnancy and labor and delivery . I will not , however , lie and tell you the classes were all roses to sit through . As most people have stated , Sheri 's humor -LRB- if that 's what you want to call it -RRB- can be somewhat annoying at times . If you can just ignore her goofiness and absorb the information she is giving , this is the perfect childbirth class experience . -LRB- oh yeah , the classroom paricipants have to be the dullest people I have ever seen ! Where do they find these people ! -RRB-
 My husband and I have varying schedules , so choosing a good childbirthing DVD was important to us so that we could watch on our own time and also be able to review on an as needed basis . Laugh & Learn has been very imformative and fun to watch and learn at the same time . We recommend for couples on the go as well as couples who like to review what they have learned on a more regular basis . All the Best !
 Soon after my baby shower our doctor ordered me on bed rest . She said I would n't be able to attend a regular lamaze class and recommended this DVD . Happily , my sister had just given it to us as a shower gift . It was a joy to watch and very informative .
 I did not have time to attend a childbirth class and decided to try watching this DVD based on the great reviews . I actually ended up going into labor and delivering my first , a baby boy the day after I finished watching the DVDs and I have to say I learned A LOT from these DVDs and do not regret one bit not attending a childbirth class.Firstly one comment I read that made me question buying this was the corny sense of humor the teacher has . It is not that bad and she does a good job of being lighthearted while making sure you understand points that she wants you to take seriously.The content is also excellent , and I used a lot of tips she gave during labor such as how to position yourself more comfortably during contractions , checking the color of water when it breaks -LRB- green means go to hospital immediately -RRB- , start timing your contractions , time water breakage , what an apgar score is , what dilation means , and tons more.She makes a good case for not having an epidural , I ended up not having one mainly because I was 9.5 cm dilated when I got to the hospital and I recalled from the video there would be very little gain for getting an epidural at that point . The doctor also mentioned -LRB- as was mentioned in the video -RRB- that part of the reason I delivered so quickly -LRB- less than 2 hours after arriving at hospital -RRB- was because I was able to feel more when pushing without the epidural . That being said , had it been a different situation and I knew I had hours of pain to go at the hospital I very well may have had the epidural , so do n't feel that this video will talk you out of an epidural if you are set on it.Bottom line-this DVD is definitely worth watching .
 I was on the fence about a child birth class , so I bought this video . I watched the first lesson on her website and that was really helpful . I really liked it . Sheri is fun . She knows her stuff and you feel like you are in the class with them . It did drone on at some points -LRB- medical interventions/medications/cord blood banking -RRB- . When you get to the second disc , she talks about medications , positions , and really important stuff , but after a few mins it gets to be too much . Watch this in small increments ! It makes processing the information so much easier . You can always go back and watch important sections again :--RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I plan on buying the breastfeeding video !!
 As a director of a pregnancy center , we love tis DVD . Great learning tool ! Interesting and up to date info .
 This is a very thorough , practical and useful course in childbirth and a must for anyone , even if you 've taken a live class because she is such a good teacher.Yes , the jokes are a little silly at times , but she does keep your attention through the dry parts and covers an impressive amount of information in a useful way . It 's very much geared toward preparing you for all scenarios.If you are newly pregnant , get this for sure . Well worth it .
 Sherri does a great job introducing expectant parents to the world of labor and delivery . She properly gives the bulk of attention to the new moms , but does a good job incorporating their partners as well . She is extremely knowledgeable and her experience is something she falls back on quite a bit in the segments . I definitely recommend these videos and I believe they can take the place of a birthing class before delivery .
 This video is SO informative - you learn about what is going on in the body during pregnancy & laboer , all of the stages of labor , tips , great humour , & she is an expert in this subject area . If you can not attend a live class , this is the absolute next best thing ... might even be better ! It is clear , easy to understand , there are real couples in the video & you learn a TON of important information that most American pregnant women have been kept from all of these years !
 My husband and I learn and truly laughed watching this informative DVD.It was full of good information without unnecessary repetitiveness . We also watched the other series of them same author/producerabout breast feeding and baby care and these 2 were also are very useful .
 My boyfriend and I got this DVD as we were unable to attend childbirthing classes and wanted some information beforehand . I would definitely recommend this DVD as it is very informative -LRB- albeit sometimes corny . -RRB- I had planned on aiming for a natural childbirth , but had not ruled out an epidural since this was my first child . The DVD covered a wide range of information so that even though my baby 's birth did not go as planned -LRB- labor had to be induced due to baby being overdue , after 12 hours of labor I had not progressed much and so got an epidural , after 20 hours the doctors decided I needed to have a C-section , the baby was 9 lbs 5 oz and his head was too large to be delivered normally , -RRB- I felt more calm because of being informed on all of the different aspects of labor , epidurals , and both types of delivery -LRB- so make sure to pay attention to everything on the DVD , even if you do n't think it will apply to you , I was glad I did because I had not planned on having a C-section . -RRB-
 I think the video was really good , im a nurse so i know most of the information already but it will hopefully help my husband . I think my husband preferred the video to an actual class . I mainly chose to use a video because of my schedule . The only thing I would have liked to see a little more was ways to help deal with the pain - like more breathing techniques . Overall I think it was good and would reccomend it .
 This is a great product . We watched a couple child birthing videos and this one was by far the most informative and entertaining . Great money saving idea too with birthing classes costing over $ 100 these days . Highly recommended . Other videos in the series are great too -LRB- breastfeeding and newborn care -RRB- . Good luck !
 My husband and I were not able to make it to Lamaze class , so we purchased this video instead and are glad we did . The information was great , it was enjoyable to watch , and best of all , we could rewind and pause the video to make sure we understood the discussions . We definitely recommend this video .
 My daughter and husband could n't afford Lamaze classes , so I bought the book . It gave them a good foundation and they viewed the DVD several times it held so much information for them . It was a great purchase .
 Bought this for my daughter and she said it was so good that she learned more from this than the 8 hours of class that they took . Made learning fun !
 I used this 2 DVD set before the birth of my first child and continue to give it as a gift to friends reluctant to spend the time and expense on a prepared childbirth class .
 My husband and I decided to find a video because our schedules did n't match up with the classes offered at our hospital . After reading a lot of the reviews , we decided to take a chance in spite of all the criticism of her humor . After watching it , I think people make too much of this issue . If anything , she shares a little too many anecdotes . It would be a lot shorter if she stuck to the basic information . But we found it added a lot of color to the information and the anecdotes were also helpful . However , this small issue does not compare to the wealth of information gathered in this video . My husband and I were definitely prepared when we went into labor , we knew what the doctor 's and nurses were talking about , and we knew what questions to ask . The video made both of us much more comfortable with the whole process and would definitely recommend this for expecting parents . * Side note
 I bought this dvd as my husband and I could not make it to childbirthing classes and very glad I did . The instuctor is funny but gives great up to date information in relaxed atmosphere . I felt a lot better having watched the video and knowing what to expect when time for labor/baby .
 I loved this series . My husband and I watched it instead of attending the hospital class -LRB- which conflicted with our work schedules -RRB- . It had us totally prepared for labor & delivery , and I highly recommend it .
 My husband and I prefered this DVD over going to a lamaze class , really informative .
 I bought this video because I have been on bedrest for 11 weeks and could n't attend classes . I thought it was really enjoyable . I learned a lot and it definitely made me less scared of the process.I really want to have a natural labor , but I did n't think she pushed the negatives of the epidural too much . In fact , I have read much worse things than she went into and I kind of wish she would have gone more into the negative effects on the baby.It was well done and extremely professional.I do think the Viacord thing was cheesy , but after reading the reviews I was prepared for it . It is a cool option , if you can afford it or if you are worried about a genetic problem , and I do n't think there is anything wrong with her pushing a company that gives her kickbacks . We all have to make a living .
 This helped us big time ! It clarifies all doubts parents have before delivery , this DVD will help you realize that there 's nothing to panic about , on the contrary , husbunds will be able to help their wives better and wives will ` enjoy ' the moment more . I totally recommend it , go for it !!!!!
 This is an awesome video . It 's taught by a nurse so its reliable info . It was made in 2007 so the information is up to date . Also , its not boring . And it 's a one time purchase that you can rewatch over and over with each birth or any time you need to reference info . you have forgotten .
 The DVD is a little lame but it helped me a lot . What some people say is condecending I thought was helpful . She lets you know when you can expect when you are really in labor . I feel she did a good job of describing how it feels . The breathing techniques helped me to deliver my son naturally & epidural free !!
 This DVD childbirth education program was perfect for us since we could n't attend a chilld birth class in person . It was presented in a straightforward way with lots of humor so we did n't get bored . Material is presented in a way that makes it easy to understand and remember .
 I bought this video to help my husband prepare for the birth of our second child . We watched it together and it was really easy to watch . It was definitely better than going to another child birth class . She explains everything you need to remember about labor and delivery and gives a lot of tips on managing the pain . She is thorough in her explanations without being dry . I would recommend this to anyone about to give birth who does n't want to attend another child birth class .
 I learned a lot from watching this video . I never went to a lamaze class , and this video adequately prepared my husband and me for childbirth ... from the breathing techniques to the medical aspects . I enjoyed learning from the convenience of my own home , especially as I was pregnant , working full time , and tired at the end of the day !
 Overall , this DVD is great . It 's informative and hey , you can watch it on your own time , according to your own schedule.The instructor was funnier in the beginning than I found her to be at the end , and she gets a little long-winded , trying to hard be funny about childbirth . But , that 's what the ` fast-forward ' button is for , right?Compared to others on the market -LRB- which is n't very many to choose from -RRB- , I think this one 's a keeper .
 I like the convienence of the dvd/in home classes . Most of my questions are answered through the classes . Format is a bit dry , but very informational .
 Its a wonderful info source . My husband and I are very happy with our purchase . It answered all of our questions , and it was nice to learn things on our time in our living room with bunch of snaks around us . I strongly recomend ! Oh yes , and its funny too.Good luck to all of you.-Maya
 My husband and I watched this video a couple of times through . It had a lot of valuable information . It was nice being able to review it to practice techniques and help us remember everything we need to know.I agree , Sheri is goofy and sometimes annoying , there is no set background to speak of , and a couple of the mothers look like they came out of the 80s but this was less important to me than the wealth of info it provided.It was a nice alternative to attending classes because we could watch -LRB- and re-watch -RRB- whenever we wanted and it was much cheaper .
 I bought this for my son & daughter-in-law 's first child because they could n't afford Lamaze classes . I was with them during her labor & I was glad they had watched this many times . Overall , they were happy with it but thought the teacher was cheesy .
 Just what the first time mom needs , not a bad refresher course for practiced moms . The labor nurse in this video comes off very warm and sympathetic . The details are all there . We ordered this because we live in a rural area and finding a birthing class was difficult . This video was definitely worth it .
 I was so happy that the movie arrived quickly , but more importantly it was funny and light on such an important topic . If you cant make it to Lamaze class I highly suggest this video!Totally WORTH IT !
 I have to say that the information was very good but some of the comedy I could do without ... I think thats what made it so long but other than that I liked the meat of the film . I also liked that it was something my husband and I can do without going to a class and that it didnt have a bunch of breathing exsercises that I would n't use . The one breathing -LRB- fucusing on a object and breath past contractions worked like a charm . I have also given that to my family member and her husband .
 was helpful , it comes down all the nerves that exist before having the baby , enjoyed , did not get bored , its interesting and you feel like your part of the class . thanks
 Between my wife and I , our schedules would not allow us to attend birth classes . We decided to buy a couple of DVD 's here on amazon , one of them being `` Laugh and Learn About Childbirth '' . It came with 2 DVD 's and the information was easy to understand , easy to watch , and my wife and I both enjoyed it . It is by far the best childbirth DVD that we have found . Since we have purchased this product , my wife has given birth to a beautiful baby girl . The DVD 's were excellent .
 Please dont buy this DVD if you are asking for a deep , involved , comprehensive childbirthing class . Then you are better off investing in a 12 week in-depth course . Get the DVD as a basic factual 101 class - just like they do it in most hospitals . Which stage of labour are you in , decipher jargon used by the medical staff , when do you call the hospital , when do you rush to the hospital , how medications work and some basic breathing techniques is what you can expect.In addition to the DVD , plan to go for a maternity tour at the hospital .
 I purchased this DVD while I was pregnant with my first child in 2006 . I loved how organized and informational Ms. Bayles is . I had also taken a multi-part in-person childbirth class with my husband through our hospital and was completely disappointed in the hospital childbirth class . The Laugh and Learn About Childbirth DVD totally blew away the in-person class . The information in the DVD is better prepared , more organized , and very comprehensive and Ms. Bayles is cheerful and fun to listen to.When I was pregnant with my second child in 2010 , I opted for a natural home water birth -LRB- instead of the hospital -RRB- and watched this program again . It was a helpful refresher and I used several of the breathing techniques that Ms. Bayles taught during the active labor , transition labor , and pushing phases . So helpful ! I recommend this DVD to all my friends !
 I could n't make it to a childbirth class and I felt like this was a good , thorough alternative . The host 's humor did n't really bother me , but her stories and personal experiences -LRB- which for the most part did not add any value -RRB- really made some of the segments painfully long . The entire DVD set is over 4 hours and I think it EASILY could have been half that length.My only other issue was that she was extremely biased toward not getting an epidural and after having done a lot of research on my own , I do n't believe that all of her opinions are fact . Same thing with the cord blood banking . Seems like there is some sort of partnership/sponsorship going on there.I would still recommend - just be ready to fast forward or multi-task through some sections .
 My husband and I did n't have time to attend an 8 hour birthing class at the hospital , so we opted for this video . It was very informative and helped us understand what was happening when we went to the hospital . It was a little cheesy , but definitely worth getting .
 My husband and I didnt have the time to take a LaMaze class , nor did we want to spend the money . I purchased this video and we watched it in 3 days . We loved it and it taught us a lot . Sheri is very funny and full of knowledge . This is our first child and it can be a very scary experience . Being educated on Childbirth took away a little of anxiety . I would recommend this video to anyone !
 I am expecting my first baby and needless to say have been anxious about getting as much information as I can . This DVD not only answered all the questions I had , but addressed issues that I had n't even thought of that are very important . The instructor is engaging and the content professional . The instructor does n't sugarcoat difficult issues , but rather is frank and realistic , offers valuable advice , information , and tools to prepare you for any scenario you may be faced with . I was amazed at how quickly the time passed watching it ! The content is comprehensive and packed full of more information than is covered in many in-person childbirth classes - not to mention much cheaper ! I feel much more confident having watched this as I approach my upcoming delivery . I highly recommend this DVD to anyone who is expecting .
 I 'm expecting our first baby . I wanted to get as much information as I could about the childbirth . This DVD is very good because it gives you a very detailed information about almost everything . The most important is that Sheri Bayles is such nice instructor -LRB- very detailed , organized , easy to understand -RRB- and specialist ! I am not agree with some reviewers , who say that she is so against epidural , etc. . . I also did n't find anything annoying in her way of humor . She explains pluses and minuses of epidural , etc and you decide anyway . She captures everything you need to know , could be concerned about , etc. . She describes it on special presentation stands and her explanations are very easy to understand . I watch this DVDs -LRB- 2 DVDs in one set -RRB- over and over , just to make sure I remember what I need to remember . :-RRB- Now I know
 I am a registered nurse with several years of mother/baby experience and I really enjoyed the DVD . I already knew the information provided but it was a joy to see my husband learn about the childbirth experience . He was somewhat fearful of the process but after watching Laugh and Learn About Childbirth he feels that he has the tools to provide the support I will so greatly need and want . I would strongly recommend the DVD if you are unable to attend classes or just want to be in the privacy of your own home while learning about childbirth .
 My husband and I felt prepared enough after watching this DVD . Sometimes the teacher 's sense of humor was annoying BUT I learned A LOT from her . -LRB- Though she 's also clearly pro-natural birthing -RRB-
 I am so glad I did not sign up for in-person classes . This video fulfills that need . I now feel very well-informed .
 I bought this DVD after reading all of the reviews for the other `` birthing '' DVD 's . Wow , were you reviewers right . This DVD was detailed and very easy to follow . The instructer used visual aids and body language to give a really clear visual of what happens during childbirth . I bought this DVD in lieu of spending $ 100.00 on a birthing class that would 've been very inconvenient for my husband and myself , and man , am I glad I did . I ca n't imagine a class would 've been any more detailed or helpful and it was so great to just pop this DVD in and watch it at my own pace , in my spare time and in my own home . Also , I now have it as a reference and after I give birth I intend to pass it on as a gift for my next friend who has a baby . The instructor was fun and although a little cheesy at times , you can tell she really knows her stuff and loves what she does . Also I felt like she gave a fair shake to women who want to have an epidural and women who do n't . The setting for this DVD is the instructor and 5 expecting couples and I would like to say that it really does a great job at including the husbands , which I find really important . I also learned a lot about blood cord banking , even though I do n't think I will do it . Buy this DVD ! You wo n't regret it .
 this is just PERFECT ... she says everything ... we NEED to know ... i wish i knew about this DVD 7 years ago , for my first child !!! She is very precise , very funny ... and you learn a lot!do not hesitate ! it is PLUS!thank you !
 When my husband saw the first five minutes when they were introducing the couples that would be in the show , he thought the whole video set was going to be a waste of money . We continued to watch it and actually learned a ton of information in the video . He actually watched it twice because it was so informative . I was able to have the baby naturally it was a super awesome experience . This video helped in the decision to try to not have drugs for the delivery .
 My husband picked this up for us because I was dead set against taking a class where we would end up confused , full of questions , unable to take the detailed notes I like to take and lose out on however many hours necessary . -LRB- not to mention the $ 150 fee the course costs these days -RRB- I was skeptical at first but the nurse is very likable and explains each situation clearly . There 's alot of information to retain and I was able to watch & re-watch any areas that I was unclear on . I took great notes and was able to clarify any questions with my Dr on my weekly visits . I love that humor is used because let 's face it , pushing out a small human is a bit scary to a first time mom like me . I totally recommend getting this DVD if you are a first timer and you do n't want to take a class .
 I really did n't want to take Lamaze classes , just not my thing . So I researched DVD 's and found the Laugh and Learn Series . This is an excellent teaching and exceeded my expectations . Very helpful , detailed and well layed out video . I watched it once and the second time I watched it I took notes . I maye even watch it one more time before my baby is born this July .
 I got this DVD because I had no interest sitting around with a bunch of pregnant ladies and their significant others , breathing weirdly together . Plus my husband and I just are n't up for going to classes , I 'm not sociable and he is tired from work as am I.We started watching this last weekend , and I love it , it definitely makes me think about the ease of pregnancy . The instructor has a lot of experience and it is shown throughout the classes . She is also funny about it which keeps me at ease . The only thing her and I do n't have in common is that I do n't want a natural birth , -LRB- I do n't have a high tolerance for pain , does anyone ? -RRB- . But she is n't pushy about her view , which I like . Anyways , if you are looking for a dvd class that teaches you about what is going to happen leading up to the last few weeks to the day of pregnancy and what to expect , this is for you . My husband even enjoyed it.They only share one breathing technique , and the rest of it is visuals on what to expect with contractions , the stages of birth before even getting to the hospital and just gives you an ease on what you can expect when it 's time to go to the hospital.It 's worth the money !
 Love it!This DVD includes real couples in classes by Shirley -LRB- who is teaching the classes -RRB- In a nutshell she walks you through women anatomy , birth -LRB- or labor signs -RRB- , do 's and dont 's ; breathing exercises , and labor.Because each sections is separated in chapters , you can choose which ones to view ; The best part is to be able to view this in the comfort of your home with your partner or husband , at your convenience ; ask questions to you doctor or midwife as well .
 This whole series is GREAT ! We are having our first baby and the information we received from this set of videos is Fantastic -LRB- Breastfeeding , Newborn & Childbirth -RRB- & they let you know things to ask your Doctor . Our Doctor was impressed with our questions and we owe it to this video series !!!! We HIGHLY recommend !!!
 I 've always enjoyed Amazon.com 's service and will continue to purchase items from the webpage . I 'm sad that this last product I purchased was n't enough for what I wanted . I will start with the positives , first , though . I liked the straight forwardness of the information being given on this DVD . I liked the setting with the different couples . I liked the visual aides and explanations of what to expect for labor and delivery . What I could have done without is the sometimes too much information about how amniotic fluid smells or comments about bodily functions that are not really relevant to pushing a baby out.Now , my purpose for even purchasing the DVD in the first place was to learn the lingo that nurses and doctors throw around when tending to someone in labor , like +2 station and 75 % effaced . This gets explained beautifully in the DVD . I wish there had been more explanation of breathing techniques , however , or more demonstrating of them being used in actual labor as I could n't realistically see the benfit of them . You 're gon na breathe hard during labor anyway . I have had six children already and am on my seventh , but only had the sixth one of my kids pushed out without drugs , only because my labor was so fast . By the time I got to the hospital , I had progressed in my labor far enough that my doctor did not arrive in time to deliver my baby . I had no idea I was ready to push upon arriving at the hospital because I always went to the hospital at the very beginning of labor and then got an epidural to take care of pain the rest of labor and delivery , so I never knew what my body was really going through since the epidural blocks ALL sensations of the lower half of your body.This DVD supplies very basic information on labor and delivery . It 's good information , but basic . I 'm glad it was only $ 40 . I believe one needs as much information as one can possibly get concerning childbirth . I had no idea going without drugs during labor and delivery was so much better than with them . The recovery to get over the drugs in the body is not very fun when you really are trying to enjoy your baby but are so doped up that you hand your baby off to your spouse to sleep off the drugs . No good . I am happy I purchased the DVD and have the information but , I just want to say , if you 're having your first baby , get into a setting you can ask questions or ask others about their experience . This DVD does n't supply everything you need to know like the new pushing method presented seemed like it took a heck of a lot longer to push out your baby than the more direct pushing method you see on TV programs . I wish the DVD explained why the new way was better more.I have learned that one will always learn something new everytime one has a baby . It 's inevitable , believe me . This was a nice starter program , but make sure you do get all your questions answered before you are in the middle of labor , is my opinion after viewing this DVD .
 I purchased this for my daughter , expecting her 1st child . She loved it ! Tons of information in a FUN way ! Very enjoyable and informative .
 I ordered and received the product in a timely manner . The product came just as promised , brand new and in it 's orginal packaging . No complaints at all with seller and I plan to order a few more video 's as well !!!
 Due to Work I was unable to attend a live class at my hospital , and private classes were too expensive for our budget . This DVD is perfect ! It is very informative and helpful . Plus if you forget something it is nice to go back and review .
 Title about sums it up . If you know diddly squat about your wife being pregnant , worth the watch . Probably could find all the info on Wikipedia or something though . I felt it was worth it .
 This DVD has good information , but the woman is annoying . I think they could have shortened it up a little bit . It is a good alternative to going to a birthing class .
 We could not go to Lamaze Class so we got this DVD . We loved it , it is a little outdated so you do have to check at your hospital regarding birthing plans , epiduals and other details such as that , but overall it is great . I loved it .
 We waited too long to register for childbirth classes in our area , only to find they were all full -LRB- and quite expensive -RRB- . Although the nurse on this dvd is sometimes annoying , we found the info quite helpful . There were definitely things we learned here that were n't in any of our pregnancy books , and it saved us the trouble of going to a live class !
 Remember that nerdy kid in the back of the room who thought he/she was funny but was actually really annoying ? Well , she 's all grown up and now makes childbirth videos.This video is good in terms of content . The facilitator 's experience lends itself well to the conversation , but she has the worst sense of humor ever . Expect to learn , but do n't expect to laugh . If you can make it past the bad jokes , annoying voices and face contortions , you 'll get some good information.I 'd recommend the video for the content in spite of the dorky antics.The couples are really nerdy too . If these people can have kids , believe me , you are going to be ok . Very reassuring . : -RRB-
 Good info for new parents without being excessively long . Would recommend to any new parents . Easy to review specific sections .
 My husband works shift work so it was extremely hard for us to attend lamaze classes , but this video made us feel so comfortable in our own home . We can always refer back to it if we need a refresher course . The breathing technique and education was on point .
 My husband and I were not able to attend a birthing class , so the doctor suggested we rent/buy a video . We decided on this one , and although the ` teacher ' was a bit corny it was helpful . I especially liked that you could fast forward and skip parts ! All in all it was a worthwhile purchase and proved helpful to us both .
 I found this video very educational for my husband and I . Many people said that they thought the lady was annoying in the video , but I enjoyed her . I 'd reccomend it !
 I purchased this for my wife and I. We 're expecting child number one and wanted as much information as possible . Like other dads I really did n't enjoy the books , but this DVD had all the answers.Easy to watch.Everything you need to know.No video footage of live births or other scare tactics .
 Both mother and father were ready for the real experience after watching this . Highly recommend!Especially for first timers . Enjoy watching it together .
 This is the first DVD I watched as a first-time mom so I really do n't have any comparison . It 's helpful at the basic level for sure . Though I think the reunion part is irrelevant to me .
 I bought this to prep myself and my husband for the natural -LRB- midwife attended -RRB- birth of our second child . It is a reasonable video and keeps you fairly entertained . However I do not agree with everything that is `` taught '' on this video ; I guess that 's why we chose a midwife instead of a doctor/hosptal for this birth . If you buy this video -LRB- or get it from the local library -RRB- make sure you take what is said with a grain of salt . Birthing on your back in a hospital is NOT the best or least traumatic way to bring a new baby into the world ! Good luck !!
 Like the other reviews say . . you 're not goign to laugh out loud , but you 'll smile occasionally , and the information is very good.The clothes are a bit dated ... I did n't think it 'd bother be , and it did n'tbit it was very noticible.Even so the info is up to date enough to be worthwhile and a great subsitute if you ca n't get to a lamaze class .
 A great idea , but not a replacement for a good , small childbirth class where you can meet other parents and interact with the instructor.Kelly J. TownsendAuthorChrist Centered Childbirth
 Love this video . Could do without the screaming teacher but very helpful for everthing . Was very nice to be able to stop/pause and get a snack or head to the bathroom . We were able to practice breathing techniques at our conveinence .
 My wife and I purchased this video while she was on bed rest . We liked how they broke it up into six section to allow us to go at our own pace . We learned many things that we did n't know we needed to know.She was very straightforward and honest about birth expectations . The video is not a comedy routine , however there are funny moments in the video . The video was interactive and encouraged both myself and my wife to take an active part.Overall great coverage on birthing procedures and issues . It really helped us prepare for birth .
 My husband and I both found this DVD extremely informative for preparing us on what to expect pre-during - and post-labor . Sheri cuts to the chase - providing you just exactly the information you need to know and not overwhelming with too much extraneous detail . She 's been a Labor and Delivery nurse for over 20 years , so she 's seen it all , and knows exactly what information would be most useful to impart . It 's a great way to prepare on your own time at home , without paying for an expensive -LRB- and inconvenient ! -RRB- class . And she does it with humor too , which my husband and I really enjoyed . We highly recommend it !
 As a `` first-timer , '' I knew I needed to take a childbirth/lamaze class . Since I 'm still working full-time , however , I could n't imagine having to drive into town and actually sit through scheduled lessons . This DVD was truly the answer . We learned just as much as we would have if we actually went to a live class , if not more -LRB- I know this because I did actually go to classes with my sister a few years back -RRB- . Yes , the instructor has sort of an unusual sense of humor -- but she gives you tons of information , answers the questions you 'd ask if you were there in person , and addresses the issues you were unaware of or might be afraid to ask about . The best part is I could sit on the couch in my PJs and hit `` pause '' if I needed a potty break !
 We had been searching for childbirth classes and could only find classes that cost around $ 150 . Most of them were only 1 day and would last around 8 hours . We decided to try out this DVD class first . We love it . She is funny but has managed to communicate a lot of knowledge . Plus we can review when we get closer to the actual birth .
 I found this very helpful when I was expecting my first child . I also gave it as a gift to my brother and his wife who both loved the advice and instruction . I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about this .
 My husband and I both work full time and go to school at night ... this DVD allowed us to manage the childbirth education around our lives , not the other way around . I feel very comfortable with the information presented . I highly recommend to others .
 My wife and I originally signed up for several classes about childbirth , infant care , and breast feeding at the hospital she 'd be giving birth at . We attended the infant care classes first , which we did n't find very helpful - due to the way the class was run . We then found out that our childbirth classes were being moved around and that created some scheduling issues for us . After my wife read some other women 's opinions on the live childbirth classes online we decided to purchase this video instead of attending the classes.Boy was it worth it . First off , you can watch this in the comfort of your own home . So after a long days work you do n't have to drive however long to your hospital , sit under the hazy florescent lights for two hours trying to absorb as much as you can . You can watch this video as much as you want , and if you forget something you just watch that section over again . And if you do have questions you can always ask the OBGYN.Secondly , she covers everything ! The DVD is over four hours long , but it is divided into six sections so you do n't have to watch it all in one sitting . She gives pros and cons to various topics like medication , natural vs cesarean birth , etch . In other words , it 's not one sided.She makes it fun too by injecting humor into the teaching . It 's not just a boring documentary on childbirth . I especially found the sections on the female anatomy , terms about labor , etc , and how the baby is situated within the mother very helpful - hey I 'm a guy : -RRB- I suppose it ultimately depends on how you learn best . If you would rather go sit in a room with other people you do n't know , an instructor who may structure the class in a way you do n't like , then go for it . But for my wife and me we took the video route and picked this DVD b/c of the positive reviews.You wo n't be sorry , Get this Video . And for all you mothers to be reading this review , this review is coming from the perspective of a guy so you may want to share it with your husband/partner . If a guy like me found it very useful -LRB- and I 'm not even the one having the kid -RRB- then think about how useful it will be for the mothers to be .
 Yes , Sheri does have an interesting sense of humor . However , the stories that she tells are representative of the overwhelming situation that is pregnancy and childbirth . The feeling that I got was simply that she did n't want any of her pupils to be surprised during certain topics . For instance , she covers , and jokes about , the breaking of one 's water and the dreaded loss of bowel control during delivery as a means to show that neither are anything to fear ; they are natural occurences . In addition , although the look of the video is out-dated , the information certainly is not . Therefore , if you are looking for an abundance of knowledge without feeling overwhelmed and a few funny stories to help you through rough or embarassing areas , I highly recommend this dvd to you .
 In response to some previous comments
 Not only did we enjoy this DVD forit 's sincere and human approach bya warm and dedicated instructor , Sherianswered all , and I mean all of ourquestions and concerns regardingwhat was ultimately a life changingexperience . Her knowledge , cheerful communicationstyle and innate charisma allowed us to watchwith ease and clarity . Whether you have hadprivate instuction already , or are using thisDVD as your main instructional source , youwill bethrilled with what you come away with . We know thatthis video prepared us both physicallly and emotionallyin order to participate and witness the gift ofcreating life . It does n't get better than that !
 My husband and I could n't attend a class so we purchased this video instead . We found the instructor to be funny and knowledgable . It provided a lot of information , and we feel ready to go !
 We got the DVDs because we wanted the information , but did n't want to sit in a room full of strangers to get it , and we wanted to be flexible with our schedule . These DVDs are perfect for those criteria . Plus , we can watch them more than once and review specific parts on our schedule . Others have complained about the humor , but I do n't see it as any worse than what you 'd probably hear at any other seminar ; she 's just trying to be entertaining . The only downside is that she seems to `` encourage '' natural childbirth and `` discourage '' use of drugs . I would prefer if she would give the pros and cons of both and leave it at that . Otherwise , they are terrific and I would definitely recommend them .
 I do n't know if it was just the DVD I got , but the sound quality was pretty bad on spots . May be because all 5 sections were squeezed onto one disc ? That is my only complaint . It is very informative and we have watched it through once and will break it down into sections over the next couple of months . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who does n't have time to get to a class . Again , my only complaint is sound quality .
 The moment we watched this class , we knew , we did n't have to worry about childbirth anymore . 5 1/2 hours of essential information - and all the things we did n't know we did n't know ! We became childbirth experts . Sheri , thank you for sharing this information in such an easy to understand and humorous way . .
 This DVD set far exceeded my expectations . My husband and I live overseas , and childbirth class options are limited -LRB- and in another language -RRB- , leading us to seek additional avenues of learning about the process and our options . We are aiming for a natural childbirth , but are using a common-sense approach , so we also want to be informed about all our options related to pain relief . This DVD set provided exactly that . Sheri -LRB- the host -RRB- does not conceal the fact that in low-risk pregnancies , she favors unmedicated childbirth , but nor does she try to shove it down your throat . She addresses the epidural and its potential risks / side effects , and then advises that for those who do choose to get the epidural , there is a `` right time '' to get it . She presents the information in an organized , list-like fashion , which allowed me to boil down all the salient points to a few 3x5 index cards , which I plan to take with me to the hospital , and have referred to constantly in the final months of my pregnancy . For example , here 's how a couple of my index cards read : PRE-LABOR :1 . Pelvic Station
 My husband and I watched this DVD together because neither of us were comfortable with going to the classes and did n't really have the time anyway . We both enjoyed watching it ... it was easy to understand and the humor was n't as cheesy as we expected it to be . Some of it was actually quite humorous because I could relate to what they were talking about . I ca n't really say whether the information helped in the end because I did n't end up needing the information -LRB- I ended up having an emergency c-section a month early -RRB- but after watching the DVD I definitely felt more ready for the experience and learned many new things . I really liked that they had a bunch of pregnant couples in the video and not just one person talking . I definitely recommend this DVD . It 's easy to watch and they make sure you understand everything before they move on . Plus , unlike the live classes , you can rewatch this as many times as you want/need .
 This DVD is great ! My mother-in-law bought it for us because we were n't able to go to a birthing class and I thought `` Oh great . '' But it was really informative , interesting , and amusing all at the same time . It does n't feel like you 're watching a 4 and a half hour video . Plus you can always go back and review the material . The woman on the video keeps your attention and makes it fun . My wife and I ordered the other two videos right after watching this one . I would recommend this video for any soon-to-be parents .
 I did n't get a chance to go to a birthing class so I do n't have a basis for comparison but I feel that the video provided a good alternative for me . It provided straight-forward information and did n't overwhelm me with a bunch of different breathing and pushing techniques . She demonstrated just one of each which I 'm sure will be easier for me to remember when I actually go into labor . My husband did n't think the instructor was very funny but I really did n't buy the video to watch a comedy show , I bought it to learn a bit more about childbirth . Even though I 've read all the `` required '' pregnancy books , I think this video gave me the extra info and confidence I needed as I was feeling a bit stressed about not attending a birthing class . I would recommend this video .
 This is a great DVD , I almost thought some parts could be a little longer . I liked the questions from the participants , but it would 've been nice to have a `` most asked questions video as well '' .
 It was GREAT ... this DVD help so much , between myself and my boyfriends work time the only time we had free was on the weekends . For me it let me know what was to come . This is a MUST have !!!
 My partner and I loved this video ! Shari is hilarious . Yes , she thinks she 's a comedienne , but she is actually funny , and we 're picky about these things . She 's also very informative and clear , though -- we remembered many of the key points days later . I have n't given birth yet , so I do n't know for sure if the video is missing anything , but I appreciated the chance to learn all this information without going to six-hour-long Saturday classes . We watched about an hour per night over a series of weeks and it felt like a great way to absorb the information and even connect with each other . Feel free to have Great Expectations for Great Expectations -LRB- oh , yuk yuk ! -RRB-
 I 'm a volunteer for a crises pregnancy center in the Midwest . The director and myself started looking for a good lamaze course - that was also entertaining - so as the girls/women came close to their delivery time they would be well prepared . We came across this DVD and have been using it for several months and the feedback from our clients has been amazing . One of my clients , a 19 yr . old went to a wedding three hours away from her home thinking she still had two weeks before the baby was due . Her doctor said he thought it would be OK . As God would have it , her water bag broke just before the ceremony and she was rushed to the local hospital where she gave birth just a few hours later . She told me the next day that though she was at a strange hospital with a doctor she did n't know , she felt very confident because of the preperation she received at our center . That 's just one of many comments we 've received . Our whole office loves these DVDs .
 My fiance and I were first time parents and we had hectic schedules and a lot going on to prepare for our new bundle of joy and so this dvd was not only convenient in accomadating both of our schedules but the teacher was very articulate and helped us be prepared for all of the things that could go on with a baby . The simple steps were easy to remember can kept us calm and prepared and we had an awesome delivery because of it !
 Since I had to go on bed rest at 25 weeks into my twin pregnancy , my husband and I did n't get the chance to attend the childbirth prep class we had hoped to . I found this DVD online , and this was helpful in educating us about what to expect during the birth process . I appreciated that she covered every stage from a few weeks before labor to what to expect the first 4-6 weeks after delivery , giving information about both C-section and natural birth . We skipped the sections on `` cord blood banking . '' She 's easy to listen to , a natural teacher , and with a great sense of humor too.I just wish she had made even a few passing comments on delivering multiples , since she herself is the mother of twin boys , and I was disappointed she did n't address multiple births at all .
 This DVD was a great investment . I was pregnant with my second daughter when I bought this DVD trying to avoid taking a Lamaze class and it totally did the trick . I felt better informed and prepared for natural child birth and how to avoid unnecessary interventions . I recommend this for any new or repeat Mommy 's .
 I thought it was great . I am not a person who likes to go out and I had just moved so I really did not know anyone so it was nice to get all the great information I needed to know about childbirth in the comfort of my own home plus it had a good sense of humar about it instead of most boring ones .
 This DVD really helped me prepare for birth . It 's a bit corny , but it explains all that you need to know . AND you can review it over and over again . Even my husband watched the whole thing!If you do not want to take one of those classes - yet want to be prepared ... this is definitely the best choice ! Just laugh your way through child birth !
 My husband traveled for his job so , there was no way to schedule for Lamaze classes . The video was very helpful to him . I recommend this video for any couples who are unable to attend Lamaze classes together.The info was easy to understand and very convenient .
 It is very informative as first time parents my husband and I learnt alot .
 I am pregnant with my first and this DVD was great . It was easy to understand and gave all the important information I need to know before I go into labor . I especially like the fact that I could attend classes at the local hospital , but my schedule is very hectic . This way I can watch it as many times as I need to and in the comfort of my house .
 I did not like the idea of going to a class with other pregnant women and sitting for long periods of time learning to breathe . My husband and I bought this DVD and learned at our own pace . It is very knowledgable and informative and I recommended it to all my friends when they eventually get pregnant !
 It was an educational video . My husband and I were able to watch it and laugh . The people did look like they were from the 80 's though and were all older.There was some trouble with the audio and the speakers microphone would tune in and out . Even when I had the tv on the loudest volume setting , I was unable to hear her .
 I am currently taking a birthing class and it did not cover many areas that this DVD covers . I am so glad I purchased this video . The price is very good for the information received.Updated 30 Nov 10 : This video was a life saver . The useful information allowed me to make an informed decision for having natural child birth vs medical intervention and delivery -LRB- epidural and possible C - section -RRB- . I had natural child birth and was very pleased to find out that the pain was tolerable without medication and I was n't hooked up to anything except a Hep lock . If you are having your first baby you should watch this video with your spouse/partner so that you can create a birth plan before delivery . Also , look at the Business of Being Born video by Ricki Lake it is also very informative .
 My husband and I got more out of this than the free classes the hospital nurses give . We 've been able to watch it over for things we missed . There is tons of useful information ... too much to take in at once . I love having it becasue if I forget something I just re-watch that section . Its helped us become familar with the terms the nurses use and we have great information for question asking when we go to our Dr. Apts .
 What a great DVD , this helped us out so much , we both work crazy schedules and have little or no time to go to Lamaz class . This is a great support tool for the birth process and to easy the troubled minds of first time parents . . Easy to watch and easy to follow . .
 I really enjoyed this DVD , it provided good content at a nice pace . I highly recommend this DVD .
 I bought this dvd in opposition of going to lamase classes , and I am happy to say that I feel just like I went to a class . This dvd is loaded with information on every aspect from the beginning to end .
 When I was 5 months pregnant , I 'm desperate to take Child Birth Class in order to help me have Normal Delivery . I searched over the net the best detailed class . Voila ! I came accross this product on one of my searches . I never had second thoughts of ordering this product . I regularly viewed and applied all the techniques taught on DVD . It really works ! I had an easy labor plus I had Normal Delivery . Superb ! I recommend this DVD for those who wanted a Modern and comprehensive Child Birth Class . - Margery Bermejo -LRB- Davao City , Philippines -RRB-
 Loved this video . My husband and I wanted to take a childbirth class but could n't find time to fit it into our schedule . This video worked great . Lots of useful information and funny to watch . Sheri is an anwesome teacher and knows what she is talking about .
 Great videos !!!! I 'm a former labor and delivery nurse . The videos were purchased for my daughter who is expecting her first child this summer . The videos were extrememly ionformative and great fun to watch ! They helped my daughter prepare for her first labor and delivery experience . They also helped review and update me on current L and D practices . Thanks for a wonderful product !
 Hi , I am a first time mother and my husband works odd hours so we decided dvds would be the best way to have childbirth classes . After much research we decided to get this one and I am so happy we did . Even after reading so many books during pregnancy Sherry presented things in a way to make you actually remember them easily . I loved her humor and sometimes the stuff she would say with a silly story or meaning you will remember even more . I would recommend this dvd to anyone ! I went into this knowing , but not really understanding and grasping what I had previously read on page . Her charts and example baby/uterus were very husband friendly . I even learned the newest recommended method for pushing !!!! I had n't even seen that on the Birth Story tv show !
 Our baby is here , and the DVDs prepared us very well for what was in store . We knew what questions to ask , and what the nurses/doctors meant when they were using their vernacular thanks to these classes . This is a great substitute for the classes at the hospital because you get the same information at a fraction of the cost .
 My husband and I live overseas and there are no childbirth classes in English . We went to one class here to see if I could understand enough , and I did , however it was uninformative and a waste of time and money . I bought this DVD instead of going to the childbirth classes and I am so glad I did ! We have n't finished watching it yet but I already feel more informed about what is going to happen when the time comes.When she uses a funny story to explain something it helps me remember the point she is trying to make . The only thing that would make this DVD better is a menu to list the chapters since I ca n't seem to make my husband watch more than one chapter at a sitting ! : -RRB- Again , I highly recommend this DVD for any English-speakers living overseas or for those who can not attend a Childbirth class .
 This was great for hubby & I to watch together . Kept us from having to attend a weekend of classes . The instructor is a little corny but very informative . One warning , if you fall asleep during DVD & try to figure out where you left off , good luck ! There are no chapters on main screen so you have to FF to where you left off . Stay awake & you 'll learn plenty !!
 This is a good course to view if you are unable to take a birthing class . You can learn so much in a short time and a lot less expensive than taking a class . Highly recommend .
 My husband and I really enjoyed this childbirth class DVD . The instructor is funny -LRB- ok , she 's corny at times , but she tries -RRB- and gives a lot of great information . We watched it once , and plan on watching it again closer to the due date :-RRB- I definitely would recommend this DVD to people who are not able to take a childbirth class or who want something they can review on their own time.It also helps that there are no scary/graphic birth scenes : -RRB-
 My husband and I could not attend traditional birthing classes due to our extremely full schedules and the holiday season . So we decided to get this . It is awesome . You can do do it at your own pace in the privacy and comfort of your own home , not to mention the price ca n't be beat . We can also use it later as a refresher for our next child . We are very happy with this video .
 This video is very informative . It presents a lot of information in a very detailed manner that is also simple enough to understand . I am giving the product 4 out of 5 stars because the instructor 's humor can be quite annoying after the first 20 minutes . The fact that there is no main menu is also bothersome because it is difficult to revisit a specific section . Nonetheless the information is quality and I would recommend this product to a friend .
 I decided to forgo taking a child birthing class , being that I did n't want to be unconfortable for 2 1/2 hr . every Wed. night for a month ! This was my second child , I have a daughter who will be 6 a week after my son is born , but a first for my new hubby . This is great way for us to bond and he gets a good idea/look @ what 's to be expected . Plus , he 's more comfortable being @ home and not around a bunch of strangers.It 's well done , funny , and I 'd recommend it to any expecting parents out there ... great baby shower gift : -RRB-
 This is a good video . My husband and I lead very busy lives and were having difficulty finding a lamaze class that fit our schedules , and then I found this video . It is informative , educational and at times entertaining . We were able to watch it at our own pace , which was great ! I would highly recommend this video .
 My husband works shift work so attending an actual class week after week would n't have worked . I figured the next best idea -LRB- and actually cheaper idea -RRB- was to get a DVD we could both watch . Sheri Bayle 's attempt at humor is not as good as she would probably have hoped but she is still an informative and relaxing teacher . I would recommend this DVD if you ca n't attend a class or if you just need to save a little money for all the stuff you will need to buy your new baby !
 The video was up to date which was very nice . Also , was entertaining , not dull like many others . I did not attend a childbirth class and this video gave me all of the information that I felt I needed .
 My wife bought this DVD When she was prgnant with our second son . She as a physical therapist found it extremely useful . In our first son she was practicing her pregnany exercises regularly , but they were not very much useful for a normal delivery . When she had her knowledge as an obstetric physical therapist accompanied with the information she gained from the tape , she felt like having the whole knowledge necessary for delivering a baby normally . And our second son was delivered in only two `` fully managed , and controlled '' hours.She really advise expecting women to buy this item , earn it 's information & use it.They only have to combine it with a regular program of pregnent exercises to really have an interisting pregnancy & delivery experience .
 This was an excellent course ; the teacher was very knowledgeable , experienced and forthcoming . She never sugar-coated the information -LRB- particularly about pain -RRB- but certainly did not use it to frighten . It was very thorough and there were helpful and clear instructions about various breathing techniques . I appreciated that she presented all of the childbirth options without judgement . I agree with some other reviews that the instructor fancies herself a bit like Groucho Marx , which can be grating . However , the stories she relayed were funny , and lightened the subject matter . We were grateful to be instructed in the privacy of our own home and at our own pace .
 this was great info was better than a class and much less money than class
 I bought this DVD because I did n't want to attend a traditional childbirth class , but still wanted to be informed . I found this to be just what I needed . The instructor gives a lot of good information is a pretty compact amount of time . I like the fact that I can go back and review parts of it whenever I want . I did not find the audio quality , her sense of humor or her accent to be annoying or prohibitive to the learning process as some others seem to have .
 I agree with the other reviewer on all the CONS she listed . Before ordering I read her review and hoped it would n't bias me , but even my husband after viewing the DVD for a while became annoyed at the teachers endless and annoying attempts at humor and her `` funny stories '' . It 's a real shame she is so annoying because the course concept is great and better than going to class as you can pause and review at any time . I tend to fast forward when she goes into her `` funny story '' mode . The camera work is poor
 This video was almost like taking a birthing class . It 's almost as if you are in a classroom setting , but in the comfort of your own home . The people are a bit out dated , but so far I 've learned a lot and this has been so much more convenient that going to an actual class . I recommend it highly !
 To begin with , the only reason i did n't give this DVD 5 stars was because of the video and audio quality - it was not upto DVD standards , and looked like it had been converted from the video format into DVD.The reason why we bought this DVD was due to lack of time to attend an actual LAMAZE course . We had attended one for our first baby , so this was more like a refresher at our convenience.Having said that , i would like to say that the sessions were very informative , educative , and well paced.Sheri does tend to get a bit `` loud '' in some sessions , but overall she has done an excellent job of providing the necessary information and tips , and answers to questions , that all expectant mothers are looking for.Will recommend this to friends for sure .
 I agree that if you can get past the most obnoxious host , and sift the information out , it can really help prepare you . I 've got to tell you though , with raging pregnant hormones , I had to shut it down and return back to it , because she is just that annoying and juvenile .
 This video is great and very informative . The students featured in the dvd are seriously dorky , which made it difficult to practice some of the techniques b/c I was too busy laughing at the stirrup stretch pants one woman was wearing . Overall this dvd was very informative . I learned more about labor and delivery than I ever did from reading popular pregnancy books . Its also nice to be able to rewind and review important points -LRB- you ca n't do that in a classroom child birth class -RRB- . I would highly recommend this dvd for any pregnant woman ! Great purchase !
 I agree with most of the other reviewers - this video is extremely informative and answered most if not all of our questions . Mrs. Bayles is very knowledgable but her attempts at humor can get very old very fast . She tends to shriek , even screech when imitating women in labor , which is totally unnecessary . However , overall we agree - once you get past these annoyances it was a good buy , and very informative .
 I thought this video was great . I 'm a shift worker and my husband is a day worker so getting into a class was difficult . The price is very reasonable and it allowed us to do the classes on our own time.My only disappointment with the video was the look of the couples . I 'm not sure when it was filmed but I would guess late 80 's early 90 's and that could use some updating . We 're also Canadian so some of the information was different for us but our doctor was very willing to discuss anything we asked about.When I purchased the video I read the reviews and many of them said that the instructor was annoying . She was at times but she 's also funny and that overshadowed any annoyances.I would definately recommend this video .
 We ordered this video when I was placed on bedrest after receiving a rescue cerclage at 22 weeks . Once I reached 33 weeks , my doctors told me I 'd be ok to attend the regular childbirth classes at the hospital . Good thing we watched this video - I went into labor thirty minutes into our first childbirth class !! This was the ONLY preparation I had , quite by accident , but it was enough to get us through . Good Luck !
 This DVD is very informative , and it is just like attending a childbirth class . My husband and I have also taken a class at a hospital , but I found Sheri 's explanations clearer and easier to understand . We have been practicing breathing techniques and pushing by watching the DVD , which is really helpful and I feel like I am ready for labor now . It is also great for making your birth plan as well.It seems that some people get annoyed with Sheri 's manner , but we do n't mind it at all . She is just really enthusiastic about teaching.The DVD has got a minor audio problem though . In one short segment , the audio does n't play for some reason in our DVD player.Overall , we love this DVD and recommend it to any parents-to-be .
 I recently gave birth to my first child . I worked a 45 hours a week up until the day I delivered and did not have the desire or energy to go to a childbirth class after work . This DVD was the only preparation my husband and I had . We loved it and felt it prepared us perfectly for the birth.I am surprised at the comments about Sheri 's accent . Unless you have been living under a rock somewhere , her accent should not be offensive in any way . After reading some reviews , I put the DVD in expecting to hear The Nanny talking . It is nothing so harsh as that . If you do not have time , energy or desire to take a class then this DVD is a perfect alternative . Sheri 's humor helps take the edge off a new and frightening experience .
 This tape is simply fun and informative . I am not even pregnant or expecting to have to conceive anytime soon but I had to watch this . -LRB- I 'm a woman , why not ? -RRB- The lady is so corky and yet serious enough to have you practically writing notes like your in a college . I would recommend this video to anyone interested in REALLY learning about childbirth . She explains everything . How your body should be functioning , what is stretching , what liquids to look for as signs of this and that , charts of how the baby is actually sitting and how exactly it 's growing and she even quizzes the husbands ! There is so much to learn . Open a bag of kettle corn and grab a pillow though , it 's like four or five hours long . PHEW . But it probably would n't be best to watch it all in one sitting anyway . It is a lot of information to grasp . Enjoy !!
 I read other reviews before buying this DVD and I was aware of what to expect . I think you will learn from this DVD everything you need to know for labor . Husbands can also have fun with this video . If you dont mind the jokes and silly faces she makes then buy it . The best part is that you can re play the video again and again .
 My wife and I did n't have the time to take a class , due to our crazy schedules . Half the time we are lucky to be in the same city.Sheri Bayles is a genius . She has figured out a way to make the material funny and memorable . Even though my wife and I were n't in the same city , we were on the same page !
 Sheri has a fantastic way of mixing humour with an incredible amount of knowledge.She is not wasting your time.Every moment is filled with important information so sometimes I had to pause and take a breath ... I could feel myself starting to relax and feel confidence replace my questions and worries.This video is everything you need to understand it all very clearly !
 LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this DVD ! We watched this DVD a couple of weeks before our delivery and are so glad that we did . These classes had us so well prepared that when things in the delivery room did n't go exactly according to plan , we understood what was happening and knew how to deal with it . The tools Sheri Bayles gave us allowed us to have the birth experience everyone hopes for !
 I bought this because I am a bit introverted and the idea of sitting in a room with other couples was causing me anxiety . But , my midwife really wanted me to get the wealth of knowledge that a child birth class provides . I took a chance and found this DVD on amazon . I truly lucked out , this dvd is awesome ! The teacher is qualified and just funny . She keeps you interested and gives the info in easy to remember ways . I like that there are five couples in the class , so you still get the worries and questions that other new parents could only provide . The interaction is great and you can stop and start the dvd at you convenience . I will say that it held my interest so much that I watched the entire first dvd without stopping ! If going to a an actual class is not for you for whatever reason , then I would highly recommend this to you ! You will not regret it and will come out more knowledgeable and feeling confident about your upcoming birth . Good Luck !!!
 Well organized DVD with helpful information . The host had a lot of credibility and made information easy to understand . Classroom setting was a little weird at times , but helped the class seem more `` real '' .
 My husband and I are expecting our first baby . We feel the DVD provides great information and kept us engaged . We laughed at the instructor and just enjoyed watching .
 After I bought this DVD , I watched it about 8 times on my own and with my husband before our son was born . We both laughed at Sheri 's mannerisms but really loved all we learned from her . We both felt more prepared , even though we were n't able to attend birthing classes .
 I bought this DVD because i did not feel like going to or paying for a class . I 'm really happy i purchased this DVD i picked it based on others reviews . Its not to cheesy ... she does make you laugh here and there ... and the information was good . I feel a little less uneasy about what to expect now that i 've watched the dvd . Good purchase . Plus the dvd was sent to me in no time and was just like new as promised .
 I was a little worried after reading some of the other reviews that I may not like the instructor in the video ... but , she knows her stuff , she incorporates funny stories that fit into the topic she 's discussing ... and her humor and stories really make you absorb the important/useful educational content . It kept my husband and I engaged -LRB- kept us both from multitasking while we watched -RRB- . Glad we purchased it .
 We 're first time parents , expecting in about a month . Watched this video and feel a LOT better about the childbirth process . We have a pile of books and have been reading up on things on our own , but it was great to actually have someone talking and explaining things.Sheri has tons of knowledge and great real-life examples and scenarios to keep you entertained while you learn ! The participants in the video asked good questions and it was fun to identify with the couple -LRB- s -RRB- and peg the others as people we know.Since we 're planning on a homebirth , we skipped Class 5 -LRB- Meds , Induction , Forceps , Vacuum , & Monitoring -RRB- and most of Class 6 -LRB- C/S , Post-op C/S -RRB- . It would have been nice to have Postpartum Vaginal Delivery as a separate section , or to have that part talked about first so it would be easier to watch without FF through all the c/s stuff , but with the taglines that pop-up throughout the sections , it was n't hard to resume Play at the correct time.Highly recommending this one to my pregnant friends ! -LRB- As well as the other Laugh and Learn videos -RRB- !
 This is a wonderful DVD to watch , especially for those who are having their first child . I watched this before my son was born , and had a completely natural birth because of it . This was MUCH better than the birthing class that we took at our local hospital . The woman who presents the information is a little goofy , but there is a lot of helpful information here !
 This DVD was really informative and helpful . Very basic and straight to the point which is something that I appreciate very much . It is very easy to understand plus the humor was pretty good .
 This is real simple , broken down , realistic examples , spoken with expirience . My wife and I did n't have the time to register and physically go to a class , the dvd turned out to be a better method anyway , we watch it once a week leading up to our time !
 I was going to order this DVD off of the official website , but would 've had to pay S&H . My mom looked it up here on Amazon , and it was cheaper , and it qualified for free S&H , so that was a bonus . I love this DVD . It has alot of good information , and Sheri makes it fun by making jokes about different things . I also like that she 's teaching 5 couples -LRB- one of which already has a child -RRB- , that way she 's not just talking to the camera . After going over some information , she `` quizzes '' the couples on the information they have just learned . I like this , because it feels like an actual childbirth class .
 let me start off by saying ... if you looking for a labor dvd that uses breathing techniques and is n't judgmental if you will be having an epidural or not ... THIS IS THE DVD !!! I am 37 weeks pregnant and i def plan on having an epidural but i also wanted some sort of direction and help with breathing techniques and helping cope with labor pains . My husband works alot and there was no way he could make it to weekly meetings at the lamaze class . So i decided we needed SOMETHING to help me and i wanted him to know what was going to happen and what he could do to help . This DVD is great . It goes through the stages and everything . 2 dvds . Its great also because you dont have to watch them all the way through . Only how much you want . Although my husband uses this as an excuse and falls asleep . Maybe its not such a good idea when your husband fall asleep so easily but i def recommend it . So happy with this DVD . The only CON if you could call it that , was that the instructor is always making little jokes . Not very funny sometimes but tolerable .
 Sherry 's a bit quirky but she has a teaching style that is amazing . We loved this video and learned so much .
 I would highly recommend this dvd to any new parent to be . My mother-in-law advised me to get a dvd about learning lamaze and Sheri 's caught my attention and I 'm happy I purchased this dvd . Sheri was easy to listen to and allowed for plenty of note taking . She also brought a great sense of humor to both pregnancy and delivery related topics , which put my mind & my husband 's at ease as far as what the process ahead of us . Afterwards , I ordered her breast-feeding & baby care dvd 's and enjoyed those as well . I 'm at my 39th week and feel well informed for my pregnancy & caring for baby after Sheri 's dvd classes . Not everybody has the time or money to go to actual classes , so this was a convenient alternative from the comfort of my own home .
 We did n't have time to take Lamaze class so OBGYN recommended at least a book or video . We chose this based on existing positive reviews and other forums . This video is great , made us feel just like in a class except we do n't get to ask questions . However , the video was done with real couples so they were asking questions that we would have asked anyways . The instructor is great , funny and knowledgeable.Whatever you do , do n't skip getting educated whether that 's via class/book/video . However , I feel the video is a good compromise between reading a book and attending a real class . It also saved us some diaper money and we can also watch it again as a refresher .
 This DVD is not only super informative , but presented in a way that dads/moms can understand and even recall . If you have about an hour you can watch an entire session ... and there are six in total . Only wish it came with a workbook or ` cheat ' sheet of the helpful information .
 I was a first time mom and was not sure what to expect for delivery . I thought about going to classes , but my husband and I were both working at the time . Finding a good time for both of us to go was not happening . I saw a clip of this video online and thought why not.She goes over everything so you know what the doctors are talking about , the different stages of labor , and much more . She is very outgoing and makes learning the information fun . We were laughing half the time.After going through the process myself I have to laugh even more because she was right on with how I felt during labor.She encourage natural childbirth , but goes over all options.I am about to have my second child and ca n't wait to watch it again and review . Her other videos are n't bad , but not as good as this one.You wont regret buying this : -RRB-
 So you 've got a baby on the way and like everyone you 're busy and have n't taken all of the classes out there ? Good news , you are n't out of luck ! My wife and I bought these as cheap classes we can take at our own time and we can easily review . I was worried these would be poorly done videos that would be boring , fortunately they 're not . Do n't get me wrong some of the humor is corny and seems set up , but it makes some of the content much easier to relate to . For instance at one point the instructor talks about the mucus plug , and rather than go on with some nasty details she gave some really funny stories to break up the tension and make the video actually interesting and educational . Overall , really pleased with the purchase of it .
 I was going for a med-free birth ... not for any reason other than I wanted to because my mom did it with my sisters and I and I figured I could do it as well . It 's what our bodies are meant to do , right ? Well , this DVD was great ! It saved me from paying over $ 100 for a lamaze class and I felt the stuff she touched on for the lamaze section was perfect . I did not have a doula or a midwife ... just my husband , an awesome nurse and this DVD . I enjoyed being able to watch it in the comfort of my own home and go back to certain parts to rewatch . It 's a bit OUTDATED , and CHEESY , but overall very honest and good . Worked for me . If anything , its worht the few $ $ for reference AFTER a birthing class . -LRB- I 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 , b/c they should really look into updating it soon -RRB- .
 During my first pregnancy , I borrowed this video from a friend because my husband and I could n't make it to Lamaze classes . It was so helpful . The breathing techniques alone make it worth watching this video . We were going to buy it for the second baby but she came early so we did n't have a chance to get it ! Now that I 'm pregnant with our third baby , we wanted a refresher course on all the techniques . If you 're pregnant and want to bypass the Lamaze classes , this video will get you through your labor easily !
 I am a Labor and Delivery Nurse and I am having my first baby . I know what to expect during labor therefore did not feel the need to attend a childbirth class . However , my husband has no clue about the labor and delivery process . This is where the video comes in ! From my point of view , being a labor and delivery nurse , this video goes over everything you need to know . From early labor signs , to breathing techniques , to pain control , to postpartum and more ! I highly recommend this video ! It goes over everything that you would learn in a childbirth class , but from the comfort of your own home!One thing I would like to add to the video is when it talks about when to call your doctor . Sherri -LRB- the instructor -RRB- says to call your doctor when you are contracting every 5 mins and can no longer talk through the contractions , I would check with your doctor for their labor calling guidelines .
 I really liked these Lamaze classes on DVD . The instructor is great at explaining things in ways you can understand and also gives you a few laughs along the way . I would highly recommend it for those looking for Lamaze instruction .
 the dvd has useful information for mother-to-be . I also think the instructor makes the material easier forme to understand
 The video was better than I expected ! Me and my wife have watched it a few times as we are nearing the birth of our daughter ... I recommend this video to all !
 This was an excellent video . Primarily because the instructor really knows her material and does a good job of communicating it to the audience.Some here complain that she is a poor comedienne , but I found it in no way painful . She is not going to be on comedy central anytime soon , but you are looking for an informational video . The humorous anecdotes are just going to make the material easier to remember . This instructor is very passionate about her work , and that comes across in the video - no boring monotone to put you to sleep like the dozens of other videos.I have watched a handful of other videos - through Netflix - and this one is by far the best.Bottom line - She knows her stuff ... get it .
 We chose to get this DVD prior to enrolling in any local class . I 'm glad we did . I 've never gone to a class on this information so wo n't really compare a class to the video.This DVD was extremely informative . Yes , there are some antics and humor in the DVD that may not suit all tastes , but this is not a comedy DVD . The purpose of us buying this was to gain understanding of what 's in store for our first childbirth , not to be entertained . If she did n't have some of the comedy and antics this would be a really boring dump of straight knowledge like a college course or something . I think she does a great job overall in the DVD mixing facts , concerns , choices , questions , and keeping us paying attention with some comedic examples and editorial.I would recommend this to any of my friends/family . It 's great to own because I know we will need to watch this again at least once . There 's a lot of content for review .
 I was unable to attend classes due to being put on bedrest at 22 weeks . To be quite honest , i was hesitant to purchase these due to some of the feedback on Sheri . I found the tapes and her to be delightful . This is a great resource . It is also great for couples who arent into crowds . All in all i feel prepared for labor and love the fact that i can watch these videos as many times as i want -- as opposed to a one time class . Way to go Sheri :0 -RRB-
 This dvd gave me more information than my childbirth class at the hospital . She went over many things that we did n't think about asking during the class . I recommend this dvd to any expecting parent .
 This video helped me in so many ways . I saved so much money buying this video . This video has more than enough information about childbirth . The great thing is that I could watch it over and over again to make sure I understood it well , you ca n't do that with a live Lamaze class . I enjoyed how she explained point by point on what to expect when the big day arrives . I enjoyed it very much .
 My husband and I are both very busy and childbirth classes just did n't fit anywhere in our schedules . So I decided to buy this DVD to fill in the void of a childbirth class and I 'm glad I did ! Not only is it convenient in that we can watch a session whenever we have time , but we have it to refer back to if we ever have any questions.The teacher can be a little goofy and create some not so pleasant images in your head , but she also keeps it a light and non-intimidating way to learn . This DVD does n't have a lot on Lamaze , so if that is what you are looking for , I would go with another video.Overall , I would definitely recommend this DVD to other busy expecting parents or anyone that just is n't excited about the childbirth class setup !
 We had signed up for a live childbirth class but then I was put on bed rest and unable to attend . This DVD was absolutely fantastic for us . It is packed full of useful information and actually quite entertaining . I would highly recommend this DVD as a great alternative to a live class .
 very informative , content was well structured , though the instructor is a self-declared `` comedian '' with only a couple people laughing out of obligation . it was painful . this made me glad that i did n't attend a childbirth class -LRB- and bought this instead -RRB- . i also could have done without the Viacord plug ... it 's like a commercial took over the ending of the program to spoil it.all things considered , definitely worth watching .
 This is a good , very helpful video that made me feel a lot more informed about the birthing process .
 I watched the 2003 edition in preparation for the birth of my first child and have just watched the 2007 edition in preparation for the next baby 's arrival.I highly recommend either or both DVD 's but there are in my opinion a couple of important omissions in the 2007 versions as compared to the 2003 but also some improvements.Improvements : Sheri 's humor has improved : DAudience/students are easier to identify with -LRB- more current -RRB- . Generally a bit clearer explanations.Better explanation of c-section especially the recovery process.Advice for second time moms.More thorough explanation of the side effects of an epidural.Omissions / cons in 2007 version : Actual breathing techniques are n't as thoroughly explained.How to push/deliver a baby is completely missing.Judgmental towards the need for an epidural.One-sided -LRB- pro -RRB- information on cord blood banking.With the information from the 2003 DVD -LRB- and good genes -RRB- I was able to have a natural and fairly quick birth -LRB- about 25 minutes of pushing -RRB- . I recommended the DVD to my best friend who had her first baby a few months later . She had to have pitocin , then an epidural , but with the info from the DVD -LRB- on how to push when you ca n't feel anything -RRB- , still felt she had an easy birth -LRB- 12 minutes of pushing -RRB- . Neither of us took any classes but obviously had prenatal care where we could ask any questions that arose.Though the 2003 version is duller to watch I 'd actually recommend it over the 2007 version . 2003 gives you the knowledge you need for a natural birth , and offers support and advice on how to transition from a natural birth process to one with an epidural . After having watched the 2007 version I 'll have to go back to the 2003 version to refresh the breathing and pushing techniques.Good luck !
 I was reluctant to buy the DVD because of what everyone said about the sense of humor being SO BAD , but I assure you - its not . I mean , sure its corny at times but I had to admit that this DVD would be horrible without it ... and I actually kind of enjoy it : -RRB- I am a midwifery student and a first time pregnant mother . My husband works in the oilfield and because of his schedule we were unable to schedule a childbirth class together . I bought this DVD and we LOVE IT ! As previously stated , I am a student midwife and even I learned some things from the DVD !! The classes are thorough and interesting , and I find they promote the true naturalness of childbirth.I highly recommend it ! I will definately be using this as a resource in my future practice .
 There were n't any child birthing classes available in our area , so we bought this DVD . My husband and I watched it together , and found it to be very informative . This was our first baby , so we were very nervous about what would happen . After watching this video , we felt a lot more confident , especially my husband , who was afraid of passing out but turned out to be the greatest coach possible . By practicing and using the breathing techniques taught , I was able to avoid an epidural , of which I was deathly afraid , and have the natural childbirth I wanted . I would recommend this video to anyone who is n't able to attend child birth classes .
 This video is the perfect solution for expecting parents who do n't have a lot of time or patience to attend a bunch of childbirth preparation classes . We started out taking the live classes and felt like a lot of time was spent on information that was not useful . The lessons in this video are succinct , organized and to-the-point . It 's nice to be able to fast forward if you 're not interested in a particular section , as well as rewind and/or re-watch certain portions again for review . The instructor is a little corny , but not to the point of being annoying . My only criticism -LRB- and it 's really not that big of an issue -RRB- is that , though she provides enough information about epidurals and c-sections , the instructor 's personal slant toward natural childbirth is apparent . Overall , a great product .
 My husband and I decided to buy this when we had to miss the childbirth class we had signed up for at the hospital . It was easy to watch , very informative and we appreciated the up-to-date information on labor and childbirth . I would recommend it to any pregnant women/couples out there looking for a cheaper and more relaxed childbirth class .
 My wife and I watched the video a week prior to the birth of our first child . Due to time constraints , we could not make any of the classes at the hospital , which we found out later showed the same video . So not only did we save time , we were able to view the videos at our pace . All in all the breathing techniques were great and came in handy during delivery of our healthy baby girl .
 My husband and I had signed up for a 4 week childbirth class through our hospital - attended the 1st class and decided we would not be going back . It was very outdated . This DVD was great - very current . Yes , some of her jokes were lame and her attempting to be funny gets a little old , but overall it was really a beneficial DVD . It was nice to be able to do it at our own pace and in the comfort of our own home . I would definitely recommend this DVD to expectant parents rather than taking an actual class .
 I really enjoyed this DVD ... it provided a lot of good information , but it was fun as well . Rather than watching a boring video of what to expect , you can laugh along with fellow `` parents-to-be '' as their questions are answered.There were good tips about the `` real '' moments of childbirth and my husband has learned to understand what the `` numbers '' mean ... 1 centimeter dilated , 50 % effaced , -3 station -LRB- for example -RRB- !
 The classes were very informative and easy to watch . The time went fast because the leader was down-to-earth , yet explained even `` uncomfortable '' issues in easy understandable terms . I would recommend this DVD for any new mother-to-be .
 We bought this DVD as an alternative to attending childbirth classes at the hospital where I 'll be delivering . We liked the fact that we can watch the DVD on our own time , and space out the lessons so as to not get too much information thrown at us at once . The price was really great as well compared to the $ 150 the hospital charges for one full day of class.The DVD is very informative and Sheri definitely teaches the classes with a lot of knowledge and confidence . We feel like we learned a lot and are much more comfortable about the impending delivery.However , it is amazing that this DVD was actually professionally shot . It seems like Sheri 's husband or some other friend filmed it . The set and the participants do nothing to enhance the learning and may actually take away from it . The participants seem bored out of their minds and do n't participate very much . The set is awkward and unappealing . Sheri herself is quite over-the-top obnoxious and thinks she 's very funny , but if you get past this and listen to what she 's saying -LRB- and not how -RRB- , you 'll learn a lot . All in all very informative , but I think if there were a few more chapters of having to listen to Sheri , we would have strangled ourselves ...
 This DVD worked out excellent for my husband and I who do n't have a lot of time to go to the traditional classes . We were able to do these classes out of the comfort of our own home , on our time and without the frustration of traffic , etc. . Also , the DVD was less money than what the hospital wanted to charge us for enrollment into their classes . The sound fluctuates a bit , but it did not get in the way of our learning experience . I would recommend this DVD to anyone out there !
 I watched this DVD to brush up for my third child , since it had been awhile between children . I really wish I 'd had it for my first two pregnancies . I can not believe how much I learned . It gives step-by-step instructions for different modes of pain relief , and detailed descriptions of what 's happening with each stage of labor . But it flows easily from one part to the next and keeps you laughing while you 're learning.So when my third labor progressed WAY faster than we 'd expected , I was prepared and used the techniques I 'd learned to focus and get through what could have been a painful and scary experience . Instead I knew what was happening at each moment and could visualize the happy end result -LRB- my beautiful little boy . -RRB- This DVD is worth more than BOTH of the other prep classes I took for my first deliveries .
 We did not take a birth class , they were too expensive , cost too much , and who 's got the time ?! I did a lot of reading , and thought I was good-to-go ... Women have done this for 1000 's of years right ? I do n't need a class ... Wait ... Maybe just a short class . By the time I found this DVD I was 37 weeks along!I saw the reviews that the instructor was annoying , and tried too hard . So what ?! I did n't want this women to be my new best friend ! I wanted to see what she had to say , and I 'm glad I did!After watching this DVD set I went on to have a natural labor & delivery ! I knew how to breath , I knew how to push , I knew when to go to the hospital . She covered all the key points , and I would reccomend this to any pregnant women , and her coach . No doubt , it 's well worth it !
 My husband and I were unable to attend any actual birthing/lamaze classes due to lack of time with our hectic schedule . I 've been reading all the materials I could find on pregnancy and labor the past eight months , but felt it was important to have something approaching a `` class '' for me and my husband . This DVD came into my hands after some searching and really fit the bill.RN Sheri Bayles essentially runs a class with five couples -- and the viewers are along for the ride . The class is broken into 6 specific sections over two DVDs . Disc 1 covers Preliminary Signs of Labor , Actual Signs of Labor , Comfort Measures and Delivery . Disc 2 covers Medications used in Labor , Cesarean Delivery and Post-op , and Postpartum recovery . Now this is not a fancy DVD with lots of graphics , different locations and special features . It 's a fairly straightforward lecture and discussion process on these subjects with occasional diagrams used help visualization . The bare-bones approach could be considered boring , if the viewers are expecting a more hi-tech video , but I found it exactly what I was looking for , since I required a substitute for the actual class . I found Sheri Bayles a good speaker and amusing to listen to -- and so did my husband . Sense of humor is very subjective , so this may not appeal to everyone , and if you 're considering buying this , see if you can find a way to view some of it prior to buying . Whether or not the humor is to your taste , there 's some good information packed into this DVD and I 'd recommend it to any couple who has questions and concerns regarding labor and delivery.This is n't a pregnancy overview , and I 'm not certain I 'd recommend it to those women who have just become pregnant , if only because there 's a lot of early pregnancy information to absorb , and focusing on labor and delivery at four weeks along can be more anxiety than a couple needs . Neither is it a comprehensive review of labor and delivery . The material in this DVD is best complemented by books and other DVDs and information from the couple 's doctor/midwife . Especially since the downside of the DVD is that you ca n't ask questions that might arise . The DVD is admittedly biased towards natural childbirth . While Ms. Bayles does discuss medication and medical interventions , providing pros and cons of each , there is a greater preference for natural childbirth when it is safe for mother and baby . Considering the tone some of the Lamaze books published , the bias of the DVD is mild enough that even those considering medicated delivery should gain plenty of information , but they should be aware of the bias.The main detractor from this DVD is the commercial aspect of Cord Blood Banking . While this is clearly a new and fairly hot topic in the world of pregnancy and delivery , Ms. Bayles is a strong supporter of banking cord blood . Without this `` Special Feature '' , the overall class structure feels genuine and interesting , but the inclusion of this information turns the DVD a bit too commercially driven at the end . This is n't a cheap DVD , and this so-called `` Special Feature '' can cheapen the experience viewers have . Cord blood banking is still highly controversial and questionable for most couples , not to mention expensive ! This may be information some couples want to know about , but I found it distracting and irritating on what was otherwise a good quality DVD about childbirth.Bottom line , this is a decent DVD for information , but may not be an investment all couples wish to make . If a couple has already attended classes and read up on labor and delivery , this may just be a reiteration of what they already know . However , for a couple that has questions , especially surrounding natural childbirth and Lamaze , this DVD can be a great resource to answer some of those questions and know what to ask the doctor . I found the humor refreshing and the format simple , but comfortable for our purposes . For expecting parents , some other resources to check out include `` What to Expect When You 're Expecting '' -LRB- the newest edition -RRB- , `` The Girlfriend 's Guide to Pregnancy '' and `` The Expectant Father '' . Happy viewing ! Shanshad ^_^
 If you prefer to be at home instead of spending 8-10 hours at a hospital or a classroom for a Lamaze class , this is the video to get . You feel like you are in the class . Instead , you are in your pajamas if you want . You can rewind if you miss something ... fast forward if you know it already ... you can watch the video as many times as you want so everything sinks in . The speaker is clear , funny and easy to understand . Very educational video ... I recommend it highly . It was convenient . I reviewed the material with friends that have gone to other classes in person and all of the material was the same plus some other material they had n't gone over . Definitely worth it . Speaker is big on natural births ... so if are biased , you may be uncomfortable with that ... my only ` con ' for those that are into scheduled c-sections ...
 I felt that this video was worth the money because of the number of segments and length . I , being a high school teacher , liked the way she enthusiastically taught the course . I also took a hopsital course and together they were very helpful . The materials in this video may be more up-to-date than what my hospital taught , so I 'm grateful for that as well . The other nice part is that it thoroughly covers what to expect post-partum .
 As a first time Mom-to-be , with a husband who works sporadic hours at work , it was really difficult for us to commit to a childbirth class . I searched the internet and read many reviews on online or dvd childbirth classes , and decided to go with Laugh and Learn about Childbirth DVD . I wanted my husband to be farmiliar with the terms used in labor and the overall process - but at the same time , did n't want to shock or scare him at all . He tends to be a bit nervous around blood and guts!This DVD was great ! It was extremely informative and lighthearted . Humor and joking around is used to bring home the important information in a way that my husband appreciated a lot . I like that the DVD is broken up into 6 half hour sessions , so you have watch it on your own time . Although it is meant to be a tool for first time Moms , there is a couple in the DVD who is having thier second child so it can be useful to second time Moms , as well . In conclusion , if you do n't have a ton of time for a class , you want a cheaper alternative , your husband is clueless and squimish about birth -LRB- no actual lady parts are shown in the dvd !!! -RRB- or you may feel more comfortable learning at your own speed in your own home ... I strongly suggest this DVD !!! You wo n't regret it !!
 This DVD is divided into 6 classes , just as a regular , live prenatal course would be . The classes are1 . Anatomy and Preliminary Signs of Labor -LRB- 31:45 -RRB- 2 . Three Actual Signs of Labor and Two Breathing Techniques -LRB- 57:50 -RRB- 3 . Labor and Delivery -LRB- 49:25 -RRB- 4 . Pushing and Third Breathing Technique -LRB- 49:25 -RRB- 5 . Medications Used in Labor , Induction , Forceps , Vacuum , and Monitoring -LRB- 56:50 -RRB- 6 . Cesarean Delivery , Post-op C/S , and Postpartum Vaginal Delivery -LRB- 40:50 -RRB- As a physician , I recommend it . I purchased this because my husband and I had way too much going on -LRB- moving , new jobs , etc. -RRB- during this pregnancy , and could not find a class that fit our schedule.Sheri Bayles is extremely informative and experienced . She explains everything clearly and with good diagrams and props . She is very organized . She seems friendly.CONS : -- Sheri has annoying mannerisms and really wants you to think she 's a comedienne . If you can overcome this , you will learn a LOT from her . -- The set is really far from being aesthetically pleasing . -- Most of the moms do n't look like they 're REALLY participating ; not great models for you . They also look like they stepped out of the 1980s , even though this was filmed in the 21st century.The cons are small , though . This is very informative , if you can get past the annoying mannerisms and overall lack of prettiness to this video.I liked having the classes laid out as a `` real '' class would have been . Sheri does a good job of making one class relevant to the next . I also enjoyed the convenience of this DVD ; my husband and I were able to take this to work and play it on our computers , then watch it at home together , then review one final time , something you do n't get to do if you take a live class.So ... I give it 5 stars for information , organization , and memorable delivery . I only gave it 4 stars overall because of the ugly-to-look-at-ness and the sometimes annoying qualities of the teacher . The information that lies therein is very , very high-quality . I 'd buy this DVD again despite its minor shortcomings .
 Very Informative and Helpful . My wife and I could not make it to the Lamaze classes and we still glad we did n't . This video is great . My wife and I enjoy watching it , and learned a lot . The baby came out like a piece of cake -LRB- my wife does n't agree on that one completely -RRB- but we both knew what we where doing -RRB- We read the reviews that mostly criticized Sheri 's sense of humor but we took a chance . Her humor is not that bad actually . She gets funny and sometimes goes a bit over the edge , however she is very knowledgeable and definitely has a talent of teaching . When she is describing important stuff she is serious and right on the point.Some reviews criticized the quality of film making . I am professional photographer and my wife is an art teacher and we both studied film in college . In our opinion the cinematography part of the video is quite appropriate , informative video does n't have to be a master piece.Highly recommend it .
 I was very happy with this DVD set -LRB- and in fact just ordered the breastfeeding DVD from the same instructor -RRB- . I watched it in lieu of attending childbirth classes and do not regret that decision . I had read several books about labor and delivery , etc. , and ca n't say that the video really contained a lot of new information but it brought the information together nicely and made me feel more prepared overall . I also appreciated the fact that the instructor did not spend a lot of time on breathing techniques and did not overly emphasize natural childbirth . Instead , she discussed the desirability of postponing medications until the labor is well underway because of the cascade effect of interventions -LRB- which seems sensible to me -RRB- . But she certainly did n't try to push going natural all the way . As for the humor , it 's not anywhere near as bad as some other reviews have made it out to be .
 The DVD was a welcomed relief for me ! I had no clue what a Lamaze class was about and I thought I 'd be sitting in front of the TV with my fiance for the entire time doing the `` he he hoo '' bit . That 's not it at all ! I 'm an information junkie and Sheri really explains to you a lot of the medical terms that they 'll use that you normally would n't understand . Like when someone says , `` Shes 100 % , -2 and 3 '' it means that you 're 100 % effaced , the baby has dropped to the -2 station -LRB- -4 is when the baby is past the pubic bone -RRB- and 3 centimeters dilated.She gives examples of the different positions you can use to birth your little bundle of joy and what makes them work for the different situations . Also there is n't that annoying feeling of her talking directly to the camera since she is talking to the couples on set/class . Yes , she does go overboard with the humor sometimes but only sometimes . There were tons of times I was sitting on the couch just rolling with laughter as she talked about some funny stories that happened to her as a labor nurse and some demonstrations of `` what you should sound like when you call the doctor as your contractions become five minutes apart . `` Overall this is the best information I have gotten during my entire pregnancy and I 've spent a small fortune on other literature . I 'm bringing my portable DVD player and this video to my birth just so I can feel calmed .
 I am a first time mom and had no idea what I was in for as far as the birthing part goes . I do n't have time to take a class so I bought this video . I am soooo happy I did ! I have learned sooo much and feel very confident now about what to expect at the labor . Sherri Bayles is funny and explains things very very well . I highly recommend this video .
 My husband and I purchased this DVD after attempting to attend an in-person childbirthing class ... they just were n't for us . We loved being able to watch this DVD at our leisure in the privacy of our own home . This was one of two DVD 's that we purchased and this one was by far the best . Sheri 's sense of humor was perfect for the subject matter in my opinion . It really put my mind at ease -LRB- a lot of the other courses really scared me -RRB- and I feel extremely prepared for labor and delivery . I would highly recommend this DVD to anyone who wants the benefit of being knowledgeable of labor and delivery , yet is hesitant to join an in-person class . I 'll certainly keep this one and watch it for subsequent pregnancies .
 When we told our doctor that we would n't be able to attend a regular lamaze class due to our schedules , she recommended this dvd . We learned more than we thought possible and laughed throughout . In fact , my husband can quote the instructor verbatim . We even watched it twice , so he could take notes the second time around.We recommend this for anyone who does n't have time for a regular class . It certainly helped us prepare for our child 's birth .
 My husband and I were unable to find any classes in our area that would work for us , so we purchased this DVD . We found it very helpful ! I loved that I could go back to it and watch certain parts over again to refresh my memory . If we had gone to a class , I would n't have had that luxury . Once I went into labor , I knew exactly what to do and I was able to make it without any drugs . The nurses at the hospital were all asking me if I had gone to a class and I told them about the DVD . They said it must have been good because I did everything perfectly . I would highly recommend this DVD !
 Skip the hospital classes . This video covers it all . Sheri does a great job explaining all aspects of childbirth . I wish we would have watched this video and taken the hospital tour and skipped the 8 hour childbirth class .
 We bought this DVD as a refresher course since this would be our second child . Sheri obviously knows her stuff and the DVD was every bit as informative as the actual lamaze class that we attended for our first child . The downside is her delivery -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . She acts out scenes as if she is the patient and the doctor/nurse which gets annoying over time . She has a New Jersey accent so it is kind of like listening to Fran Drescher as The Nanny tell you about childbirth - but not that extreme -LRB- my apologies to anyone from NJ -RRB- . The other complaint is the sound quality . Because neither Sheri or the participating parents are wearing microphones they just sound far away . It is in a home setting and it sounds like it . It definitely does not have a professional sound quality.Overall , I would recommend this DVD . It is especially good if you want to go back and review a couple of sections a few times -LRB- you can never be too sure you had all of the signs of true labor down -RRB- . We liked the DVD overall but it her delivery got annoying at times . And do n't be fooled by the title and cover . It was mostly a serious DVD . There 's not a lot of laughing going on but there is definitely some learning .
 I agree with the previous reviewer . If you can get past Sheri 's mannerisms and mugging for the camera , there is a lot of good information provided . My husband and I did n't look forward to watching each segment but it was well worth the grimaces on our side . We did n't have the time to go to an 8-hour Saturday class and this was much less expensive . One thing that was particularly helpful was the teaching of the basic breathing techniques . It 's much easier to learn with a DVD than trying to get the information from a text .
 Do not listen to those who think Sheri Bayles is annoying , irritating , condescending or whatever . They need to get out more . She does n't talk down to you and is somewhat funny . Me and my wife found this dvd to be informative , funny and interesting . When I first watched this I was expecting to feel like I was back in school , getting reprimanded . Not the case . I ca n't say whether the info in the dvd is up to date or not because those who stated it was n't neglected to tell you what dvds/tapes are better . For those who live a secluded life or are prissy , then this might not be for you . Everyone else , it 's worth the Amazon price .
 A major challenge of preparing for childbirth is the immense volume of information you are required to digest in a relatively short period of time . Most people have huge networks of people who give them tons of advice , which often serves to confuse rather than to enlighten since it is often contradictory . Enter Sheri Bayles.This product is amazing . It provides vitually everything you need to know , in a super efficient format . And with Sheri Bayles ' witty presentation , the DVD is engaging and entertaining . Sheri Bayles has a way of making you feel comfortable and confident , by being honest , upfront and absolutely comprehensive.This DVD should be required viewing in all OB/GYN waiting rooms and hospitals . An absolute must buy .
 I have moved to another country and do n't speak the language well yet so this has been a huge help as we are expecting our first baby . I feel so much more prepared as we near our due date .
 I checked this out from the library . It 's the best childbirth DVD that I 've watched . I learned a lot and appreciated that the instructor tried to make it less boring with jokes and stories . I did n't try to watch the whole thing in one sitting , so that might be why the host did not annoy me as much . My husband did n't like the host , but he agreed there was a lot of useful information . I also liked that it felt like you were part of an actual class with other couples . I was surprised that the section on banking cord blood is sponsored by Viacord . This blatant marketing plug annoyed me and seemed really out of place . But other than the Viacord plug , and maybe getting annoyed with one too many jokes from the host , you 'll learn a lot from this DVD .
 Great dvd for learning what to expect before , during and after delivery !! Very entertaining and interesting . Would highly recommend this dvd !
 This DVD really made me feel less intimidated of the birthing process . Sheri explains all of the terminology , anatomy , and steps of delivery . I know I will be able to keep up with my doctor when she is explaining things like `` effacement '' and drugs like `` pitocin . '' I also feel empowered by understanding that I have options in delivery . I feel the DVD is very honest about the pros and cons of the different interventions and drugs . The DVD is a recording of a live class , so it was helpful to hear other couples ask some of the questions that had been bugging me like , what is the difference in a baby 's energy if they are born naturally , with an epidural , or after a cesarean?I would really recommend this video to any first time moms that feel overwhelmed with all of the information in baby books , magazines , and websites .
 My wife & I are expecting our first . We watched this DVD and then went to a childbirth class at our hospital . The class was a dissapointment after the DVD . The video contained much more useful information , more clearly presented . The only fault is that the DVD production must have been sponsored by Viacord , and the section on cord blood banking is nothing more than a thinly veiled advertisement for them . Do your research on that topic elswhere . But do n't let that stop you from buying this DVD - it is really good in all other aspects .
 This is a good video to view before giving birth . It explains a lot , and gives you a heads-up about labor , so first timers -LRB- like myself -RRB- do n't freak out when `` the time comes '' . I recommend it to everyone who is pregnant and does n't want to go through the ordeal of sitting through an 8 hour childbirth class or go weeks worth of classes .
 My wife & I are expecting our first . We watched this DVD and then went to a childbirth class at our hospital . The class was a dissapointment after the DVD . We got much more good info out of the video . The only fault is that the DVD production must have been sponsored by Viacord , and the section on cord blood banking is nothing more than a thinly veiled advertisement for them . Do your research on that topic elswhere . But do n't let that stop you from buying this DVD - it is really good in all other aspects .
 I loved this Dvd . It had so much info that I found so very helpful . I would tell all my friends to buy it . It was very intertaining and funny . It awnsered all my questions on child birth .
 My husband and I did not want to have to take the time or money to attend an actual birthing class . We decided to purchase this video and we are very pleased with the product . The video goes over everything you will need to know . It is very informative . My husband loves the way that Sheri Bayles teaches about child birth . He thinks she is funny . Defiantly recommend this video .
 This is a great pregnancy video . Has a lot of good info for parents to be . I would recommend it . Its a fun video and the RN knows what she is talking about .
 Excellent video ! This is my second pregnancy , I did n't do any classes with the first one , and I learned SOOOO much ! I feel more confident going into this delivery that I can have a natural , comfortable childbirth !
 It 's a very informative DVD , just as if your ' e sitting in Sheri 's class . I took notes while watching it so as not to forget some important tips and facts . The organization and humor make it a GREAT DVD !!!
 This video is a great way to familiarize yourself with the process of labor and delivery . The visual aids are very clear . The only thing missing , if you are interested in seeing it , is a live delivery .
 Attending childbirth classes was not something that I was interested in . Plus the classes were on a night that I had to work . I did a little research and found this DVD . After reading some of the other reviews I decided to purchase it . I LOVED it ! I learned much more from the video than I would reading a book . Plus , if you want to review before the big day , you can re-watch . Extemely worth the money . I was a little nervous , when I read that some people thought the instructer was not very funny . Neither one of us thought she was too funny , but she was n't annoying . Once again I loved it . So if you 're not going to birthing classes this is a must see . It made me much more relaxed .
 I am really enjoying this DVD . It answers everything you need to know and makes me feel like I know what to expect when the big day comes ! I have watched this video over and over by chapters and take notes simply because it 's hard to take in so much information at once . What made me happier was to see the couples in Sheri 's group get together for a reunion after they had delivered . I would have liked to hear the couples experiences in delivery , though . I appreciate a light and easy going environment and attitude as she teaches this video .
 My husband and I did n't take a lamaze class , because of time contraints , and instead opted just to read various books and watch this DVD together . We learned a great deal about the terminology used to describe the various stages of labor and procedures sometimes preformed in hospitals . The instructor is sometimes a little annoying but not so much so that it 's hard to watch the DVD . One thing that annoyed me a little was that at times I felt more nervous about the birthing process and my ability to handle labor pains after watching segments . When in labor I did n't find the `` intensity '' that she describes to be accurate , personally . I was well able to tolerate the contractions without acting as she often dramatized in the program and managed to give birth without pain meds . Overall though my husband and I learned a great deal and would recommend the DVD .
 I had seen an older version of this video at a friend 's house , and decided to buy it for myself . When I saw this updated version -LRB- it 's brand new it seems ! -RRB- I figured I 'd give it a try - and I love it ! First of all , I love the fact that there are all these diverse couples in the video , and that at the very end , you get to see them all with their adorable babies !! But more importantly , I just like the way the instructor - Sheri Bayles - makes it incredibly easy to understand all this stuff you need to know about your pregnancy . And she 's funny , too!Thanks to Sheri , I feel much more prepared and less nervous about the pregnancy , and I can only recommend her video-class to everybody who likes to learn about pregnancy on their own time and wants to have a little fun doing so , too !
 My husband and I would n't be able to go to birthing class which scared me , I ordered this video bc of all the great feedback from reviews I read ! I found this video most comforting and eased my mind . She is a great teacher ! I would reccomend this video to anyone I know who are soon to be parents !
 We bought this mainly because one 8 hour class of information felt overwhelming -LRB- and $ 130 class fee seemed very high ! -RRB- . We LOVED this DVD . We watched at our own pace and used many of her techniques during my labor and delivery -LRB- including breathing technique if they tell you NOT to push - who knew that could happen - Sheri did ! -RRB- . I believe my delivery was easier because the `` pushing '' technique taught was dead-on to get that baby out as quick as possible ! She really does cover everything .
 I was very pleased with this DVD . My husband works every day dusk til dawn and could n't go with me to classes , so I purchased this DVD . It 's to the point and it 's funny . I would reccomend this to anyone that 's in the market for it ... I have already let a friend borrow my copy and she loves it too!Brandy
 I was a little worried about how annoying this might be for me based on the other reviews , but because it was recommended by a physician I tried it . I consider myself to have a relatively low threshold for annoying people , and particularly annoying people with Northern accents -LRB- being a Virginia girl , myself -RRB- , but I have no problems watching this DVD.There are times when Sheri says something too loudly and the sound is distorted , but it is only a handful of times , and easily overlooked . She is certainly animated , but no more so than any other instructor I would expect to see teaching any kind of class like this . I thought I knew a lot about childbirth , because I 've read the ` What to expect ' book and ` Your pregnancy week by week ' , but I have learned a lot about labor , in addition to the breathing techniques . Also , I was very pleased that she does not discourage people from seeking an epidural , the way some Lamaze instructors do.I recommend it !
 I read the spotlight review and was a bit wary of her humor , but after watching her course , my husband and I really liked her class . She was very thorough and enjoyable to listen to.I went into labor about 2 weeks after we finished watching these lessons , and I felt very prepared for the whole labor process ; I did n't have any surprises that she had not covered.I would highly recommend this course to anyone who can not or does not want to attend a traditional birthing class .
 My husband and I are not the `` birthing class type . '' But we wanted to know as much as we could about what to expect in childbirth . So instead of taking classes , we are watching this video . We watched 1 class a week , like a real class would be . That way we did n't have information overload . It was nice to be able to pause it and start it whenever we wanted to . A friend of mine took a birthing class , and I was giving her information she did n't learn in the live class , so I feel I 'm getting a lot of knowledge . I had watched the older version from the library first and decided to go ahead and buy this updated version to have and watch w / hubby . The other thing I like is we have the ability to review sections as the time gets closer to due date . I would purchase this as a gift for any expectant mother in the future too . My husband and I both really like it . Oh , and I 've also watched the other 2 DVDs by the same lady -LRB- one on newborn care and one on breastfeeding -RRB- , and those have been very helpful too !
 this is my 3rd pregnancy and i have never taken any type of birthing classes with the previous 2 and i used medications for the delivery for both of those and this time i am planning on a natural drug free birth so i decided on this video after reading the reviews i must say that i learned things about birth and other things i never even knew from the previous 2 from this video and im so glad i picked this video its very informative .
 When my daughter was pregnant she decided to go with a better hospital than the one near us . So the childbirth classes that they provided would be too far away to get to reasonably twice a week . So we ended up getting this video for her . I watched it with her . It was very good . I was a bit worried because some of the other reviewers said that the teacher was too much with her slapstick comedy . I am very sensitive to that kind of thing , but to tell you the truth she was not bad at all . She is a good teacher that just tries to keep the mood light with some humor . If she did n't do that -LRB- humor -RRB- then the video , to tell the truth would be very boring . I guess people just like to complain about anything . I tell you that we sure appreciate the fact that this video was an option for my daughter . It sure alleviated alot of her worry and she went into the hospital with knowledge under her belt . There is sure nothing wrong with that . Plus the fact that you can rewatch any section that you feel you need to brush up on . You ca n't do that with a real class . She is sure glad that she had this video ! This video is well worth the time and money spent on it .
 I purchased this product at my eight month of pregnancy . It comes with two disc of information.The DVD is of a live class with real people participating in discussions . This is the best you can get to attending a class yourself . I felt engaged and involved in the class just by watching it on the Television . It covers everything that you need to know about childbirth and I loved it . I would recommend this to anyone who can not attend childbirth class , does not want to attend classes or a mom that is scared about natural childbirth . After watching this DVD I felt as If I had attended class and I am now more confident and ready to go with only two more weeks to go !
 Sherri 's video gives you all the information you need to know about having a baby in a straightforward and easy to understand manner . Plus , she is just plain funny . The video is divided into six `` classes '' that each cover an easily digestible amount of information . My husband and I watched them 2 classes a sitting . I highly recommend the set !
 I have n't finished watching this series , but what I have seen I love . It is n't boring or preachy , it just tells you what to expect and how to deal with it . I would recommend this to anyone who can not attend a regular childbirth class , or anyone who thinks there is no such thing as being too informed . I think this may be my new gift of choice for baby showers .
 I thought this video was excellent , informative , and convenient . I have friends who attended live birthing classes and paid $ 150.00 for them who said they learned nothing . I paid about $ 20.00 , watched it in the comfort of my own home at my convenience , and learned a great deal . I am due in 10 days so I hope I will still feel them same afterward , but I think I will . Highly recommended especially for first time moms or for parents who have had a lot of time between the last baby and this one .
 My husband and I took a 6 hour Child Preparation course a few weeks ago , but I left the class feeling that I still needed more information . I purchased this DVD , not really knowing what to expect , but I am so glad that I purchased it . My husband and I learned more from this DVD than we did from the Child Prep classes , and there were times that I actually felt like I was sitting in that room with the other couples and Sheri.I loved this DVD because :1 . Nothing was graphic . Sheri explained everything fully , but there were no close up images of women pushing out babies -LRB- like there were in my Child Prep class -RRB- . Instead , props were used .2 . Sheri is very likable , which made viewing fun and I really did n't find her cheesy .3 . There is a ton of information in this DVD . Like I said , I learned more from this DVD than I did from my Child Prep classes .4 . Sheri gave a lot of easy ways to remember things , for example `` Green means Go '' in reference to Meconium in the amniotic fluid .5 . The couples that were present asked a lot of the questions I would have asked , so I never felt like I missed anything.The only negative I can think of is that Sheri is biased towards natural childbirth , however , she fully discusses the different forms of pain relief and when to have them administered.If you want a graphic video that is up close and personal , than this is n't your DVD , but if you want something that will make you laugh , and ease a lot of your fears , than this is a great buy .
 I 'm a first time mom . I do n't have the $ 80 to take formal classes . I 've only watched the 1st two lessions and so far , I 'm SO GLAD I bought this DVD !! It has answered some of the most basic questions that I have about going into labor and breathing techniques to use . The old fashion , typical movie depiction of breathing -LRB- the very fast in and out -RRB- always made it look like you 'd hyperventilate before birth ! And this DVD shows that it 's not necessary to breath like that . Her sence of humor , I think , is meant more to make you comfortable talking about gross and intimate topics . She 's not really funny , per say , but I did giggle at a few of her antics . She seems very sweet and VERY knowledgable . My husband and I will be much more comfortable heading into labor knowing the pre-labor signs and the actual labor signs . I bought this used so it was less than $ 13 - $ 15 - WELL WORTH IT !!!
 We ordered this because we could n't get to a live class . This was a great resource , and I 'm so glad we got it . There is so much information that made us both feel more at ease . It was great to really know what to expect . I highly recommend this !
 Great product . Helps you understand the principles of childbirthing . If you do not have time to go to the actual class , i would recommend this video .
 This DVD is perfect for expecting mothers and fathers . It tells you everything you need to know about child birth . Fathers will find it interesting too . I felt a lot more prepared and confident about having a baby after watching it .
 Must buy for all fist time parents . Very explanatory and practical . Saved a lot of time and money rather than going to Lamaze classes . I have done a lot of research before buying this DVD and this is the BEST . It is truly Laugh and Learn . Highly Recommended .
 Very good classes -LRB- very informative -RRB- , but the woman and her voices were pretty annoying . My husband had a hard time listening to her because she 's just a bit weird , but I still thought the dvd was good .
 This is my 2nd pregnancy . During my first , I left the hospital 's course wondering why I had ever considered natural childbirth . When circumstances arose so that induction was required if we were to ensure my husband 's presence at our firstborn 's delivery , any inkling of attempting to deliver without the epidural also went out the window.This time , DH 's work schedule has prohibited us from an in-depth NCB course . While this video is definitely taught from the mindset that childbirth is a natural experience , it is not pushy , just encouraging . The instructor is a little cheesy at times -LRB- DH said think `` Coffee Talk '' woman -RRB- , but she present valuable information for anyone who wants to know the basics about labor and delivery . I would have loved to see more comfort/coping techniques , but I learned more from her than I did from my course at the hospital , and I can always go back and review.Whether your goal is Natural Childbirth or not , this video is informative and encouraging.My main complaint is that both dvd 's have a plug for Viacord ... not a bad thing per se , since you can skip them , but perhaps a sign that the cord-blood banking company helped pay for the production ?
 I really enjoyed this video . My hubby and I could n't make it to a class so I enjoyed watching it as a class setting and getting a lot of great info . My hubby , however , had to hold the remote to fast-forward through the lady as she got carried away in stories . That should n't detract you from purchasing this , however . Just a fair warning for other husbands that are forced to watch .
 This DVD is a must have for anyone who is going through childbirth ... your birthing class may not explain things with this much clarity and detail -LRB- I know my did n't -RRB- . I learned a lot about breathing , and controlling your breath , and although I am not planning on using drugs through labor , I thought her section on medical interventions very useful .
 exceptionally educational video - I learned much more than I expected and yes , she is funny and entertaining . But also a bit of a motormouth and that can get old after 4 hours ... Regardless , very glad I viewed it . Even after the baby classes , I learned a lot here that I did n't know before .
 I bought this video because I ran out of time to take a class , and well I am a single mother to be . It was soooo helpful . I really did n't want to just show up at the hospital , I wanted to know what was going on . I definetely felt more comfortable after watching the video . I almost did n't buy it , looking at some others ' comments about the humor , but I think it was just fine , and I even recommended it to some of my friends . Great Buy ... go for it . Worth the knowledge gained for a first time parent .
 A great video for the information it provides , though some of the sections do seem brief . You do have to get past her humor , which can be annoying at times -LRB- would be better to have more info and less joking around -RRB-
 GRat dvd nice to do the class on your time . Just like real class
 I was n't able to attend a in person class but I am so glad I bought the DVD to learn about childbirth and what to expect . I fully intend to use the breathing techniques and I learned a lot of information about labor and delivery . I really like I could go at my own pace and watch and re-watch any parts I needed .
 I felt completely in the dark about what to expect when my wife was pregnant ... . I like being in control of my situations and knowing the right things to pay attention to , I was concerned about my lack of knowledge especially since we were giving birth in Hong Kong and I was worried about a possible language barrier.This DVD made me a self-proclaimed expert . . I really felt like I knew everything I needed to know and it completely dispelled all my worries.When it came to the big day ... despite complications such as water breaking with no signs of labor , introduction of a drug to induce labor , and the ultimate required c-section , I never broke a sweat . I even helped with some decisions , like how long we were going to wait until we gave up on a natural birth . My wife did n't watch this DVD with me , but I was able to comfort her through the whole process by telling her what to expect next.This is an ABSOLUTE no question about it MUST for a new parent-to-be .
 I had in mind that I wanted to have a natural birth so I decided to view this video . This was my first child so I did not know what to expect . Because of our work schedule and financial strain , we could not do birthing classes . This video gave helpful background information about the process of natural labor and what to expect about childbirth . Because of this video , I was able to find my `` happy place '' during labor and did not need any anesthesia/drugs . It was the hardest thing I have ever had to accomplish , but this video helped me be confident that I would make it through !!!!
 These DVDs -LRB- I believe she has three or four of them -RRB- are not boring , definitely entertaining , and Sheri has a one-of-a-kind sense of humor . Some people criticize that , but I 'm quirky ... so maybe that 's why I like it . She 's obviously an advocate of natural childbirth , but I do n't feel like she was beating that down your throat through the whole DVD . I 'm very much of the mindset that `` if I need meds , I 'll scream for them . '' From the DVD , I did n't get the impression that if I ever said that to her , she would claw out my eyes . But really , even my husband LOVES watching this DVD !
 I watched this DVD prior to giving birth to my second child - we were n't able to make it to the local childbirth refresher classes . I was really impressed - wish I had known about it for my first child . It is very informative and comprehensive , with relevant and accurate information presented in a way that makes it easy to learn . The breathing techniques she suggests for getting through labor were by far the best advice I have ever received , and they actually worked -LRB- I was 7-8 cm dilated after an hour of labour , and it was actually very manageable , thanks to this DVD -RRB- - none of this hee-hee-hoo business , and it was easy to stay calm and focused ! She is pro-natural childbirth , but I did n't find this overwhelming or over the top . After all , it is you who has to decide what 's best for you and you should n't feel guilt about your decision , whether you take advantage of medical intervention or not . It 's good to hear thoughts from both ends of the spectrum so that you know your options . She has a pretty goofy sense of humor , but I appreciated it - who wants to sit through a stuffy , boring , serious lecture ? Excellent , excellent DVD , highly recommended for mom and dad-to-be or anyone who needs a refresher .
 Out of all the books and all the discussions with midwives that I 've had over the last 9 months , this video has been by far the most helpful resource in giving me the information I want and helping me to feel prepared.The best part about this video is that you get to attend childbirth classes in the comfort of your home - at a very low cost - and if you miss something all you have to do is rewind and play it again.The information is very straightforward and very balanced . The instructor presents the information in a way that helps you to make informed decisions about childbirth -LRB- medicated or not -RRB- without trying to brainwash you one way or another.She is not a professional comedian but she does make you laugh now and then which helps to make the time pass by in a more pleasant way .
 This dvd was very helpful before I had my first baby . I wanted to be aware of the different things to do and what my husband should expect and it gave lots of information . loved it !
 The class is not what I have expected . From what I have heard before , birth classes are scary . But this teacher basically just talked thru what to expect before , during and after labor , without any aggressive graphic images . The info provided is very useful . I am sure these info can be found on books , but it is much easier to listen and learn . Plus , you can sit down and watch with your husband so that he can also learn .
 these dvd 's were very informative and entertaining . the woman that did them has a good sense of humor and even used props to demonstrate a few parts of childbirth -LRB- nothing distasteful -RRB- . there was even a part about donating cord blodd if that is something you would be interested in . she showed you several breathing techniques which i actually used and they were helpful . it made me feel much more relaxed about going into labor and i think it helped my husband feel at ease as well .
 this product was really informative , the host can get a tiny bit annoying , but definately easy to sit through and great for a piece of mind .
 I had heard mixed reviews of the child birth classes at my hospital . So , the idea of spending 6 hours in a class that I was n't even sure would be helpful was n't appealing to me or my husband . I selected this DVD based on the other reviews . My husband and I have been watching it one section at a time , since each section is between 30 and 45 minutes . There is a lot of useful information , such as early signs of labor , the stages of labor , and alternatives to what she calls `` normal birth '' . However , there is definitely a preaching tone about not using any type of medications during labor and even though she discusses them ; she definitely makes her opinions known . Still , if you do n't have a good child birth class available to you , this is better than nothing . Perhaps balance this with the bookThe Girlfriends ' Guide to Pregnancyby Vicki Iovine for a different point of view .
 Great info . explained very systematically . She is a bit dorky in humor but how boring it would be without some of it . Great tips on when to have your spouse stop traveling .
 My husband and I had no desire to spend 12 hours over 4 nights in Lamaze class so we wanted to find a video that would give us the basics of labor and delivery . This video was great . We watched 1 class every 1-2 nights and had all the info we needed in about 2 weeks . The classes were informative and amusing at times . We were both really pleased . Now I 'm waiting for the baby to arrive - we 'll see how useful the information really is .
 Laugh and Learn About Childbirthexcellent information , and humorous all at the same time !!!
 Fantastic !! My husband and I found this DVD very informative and easy to follow along . We both felt very comfortable watching in our own living room . ;-RRB- The instructor puts you at ease . Only thing I would add is more footage of actual birth . -LRB- although i still feel nothing more could have been learned by seeing this actual footage -RRB- My husband strongly disagrees . He found lack of footage to be quite comforting .
 My husband was n't able to accompany me to classes , so we decided to get this dvd . It is incredibly informative , and we were able to watch this at our own pace . Yes , it is a little cheesy , but it 's really easy to follow , which is so important at this time . I love that we were able to do this in the comfort of our own home .
 This DVD is great if you 're looking for basic information about labour and childbirth . While Sheri does have a very obvious bias towards natural childbirth , she does cover medicated births and C-sections . Lots of other reviews said her humor was over the top but I thought it was great . It was like having your childbirth class taught by one of the coffee ladies . She gave plenty of info and lots of anecdotes which I found to be helpful . This is something I will watch again when I am closer to my due date . Well worth the somewhat hefty price tag .
 The teacher is very knowledgeable and this DVD -LRB- make sure you get the 2007 version and not the outdated one -RRB- saved us having to endure a class in person , but she 's like a wannabe improv actor , which can get really painful . There 's also a very obvious plug right in the middle of one of the segments for a cord blood banking company that is clearly paying her for her endorsement . It 's like an infomercial . Overall , this is a very helpful product , though . I 'm a little less anxious about going into labor now .
 Being 7 months pregnant and having a 2 year old , going to the hospital 45 minutes away for 4 - 6 classes was really not an option.So we decided to buy this DVD . The reviews seemed pretty good . Both my husband and I thought this video was terrific ! It was extremely informative with a lot of good information . It is presented in a light hearted format and will make you laugh and keep you entertained.I would highly recommend this DVD for all the information you need to be informed about childbirth !
 you wont ' need to go to a child-birthing class after watching this dvd . lots of practical information , well organized . would highly recommend .
 My husband and I bought this DVD as the thought of spending 12 hours on a prenatal class with people asking inane questions was too much to bear . I 'm glad we did . Yes Sheri is annoying and her jokes grate on you very quickly , but the classes provide all the information you need , and in general she does a good job of spending the right time on each point without going into overkill . Unlike other reviewers here , I was glad she talked about how painful it is -LRB- because that 's the truth ! -RRB- ... if you want no nonsense/factual classes then this DVD does just fine .
 This DVD is very informative because it touches every aspect of the pregnancy , from the anatomy to the actual labor and all the different scenerios you might encounter in the pregnamcy .
 With my wife in the hospital on bedrest for several weeks prior to her delivery , Sheri 's DVDs were a life saver for us . Sheri 's knowledge is second to none and she communicates it in a clear , concise and masterful way . Furthermore , she is hysterical and makes every part of the DVD enjoyable to watch.My wife and I were empowered by what we learned from Sheri and felt in complete control during labor and delivery.As a new parent , I highly recommend this and all of Sheri 's other DVDs . Without a doubt the BEST IN CLASS for childbirth , lamaze and post-natal care instructional videos .
 Sheri 's DVD 's saved me ! I was stuck on bedrest in the hospital at the end of my pregnancy and was n't able to attend Lamaze or any other classes . Sheri 's dvds taught me everything I needed to know . They were concise , informative , and had me laughing OUT LOUD in my hospital bed . I recommend her DVDs with no hesitations at all . Sheri has all the knowledge to impart and the charisma to make it interesting !!! Enjoy them : -RRB-
 I have been eager to write this review , because I am very thankful to Sheri Bayles for what she has done for me and my family . I love this dvd , because it presents all information about what you need to know about childbirth in a very detailed and clear manner . Sheri Bayles herself is wonderfully warm and witty , and her extremely knowledgeable presentation takes much of the scaryness out of being a first time mom -LRB- and first time dad , of course ! -RRB- . I will definitley recommend this video to my friends!However , I was surprised and shocked when I read some recent reviews of this dvd . These reviews seem to have been written solely for the purpose of releasing unrelated , build-up personal anger instead of giving other parents-to-be useful comments about the dvd . I understand that not everybody will always give this dvd 5 stars as I did , but I believe reviews should still be written in a reasonable and understandable manner . So anyone who is unsure about buying the dvd should take a look at Amazon 's overall rating of this class , which speaks for itself . Thank you Sheri !
 My husband and I just could n't find a lamaze class that would work with our schedules , but we wanted to be as informed as we could be . Additionally , the lamaze class we found that may have worked for us was a few hours a night for four consecutive Wednesdays . As many of you know , this becomes more challenging to do after working an 8-10 hour day when you 're getting bigger by the second ! Needless to say , everything we wanted to know was well explained here . The instructor was knowledgeable and we were able to watch and re-watch at our own pace -LRB- which was wonderful -RRB- . The setting and participants seemed a bit dated , but the information was current and practical . I will be recommending this to all of my friends.Oh - and just one side note . The price may seem high , but when you compare it to the cost of a childbirth education class , it 's a bargain . Additionally , you will have it available as a refresher if you decide to have another child . *** UPDATE
 As a first time expectant mother , I found this dvd was great and very informative . It is broken down into 6 sections for a total of about 4 1/2 hours . The childbirth educator is also very funny and gives a lot of funny stories about pregnancy and childbirth . Buy it today !!!
 Exact acting made the the character of woman being portrayed as strong and can take care of her self . The scene with the woman in the window , then being subjected could have been more lengthy , along with other women , whom the attacker should have been with , with more sexy swear words . Although we all probably wanted to hear the REAL Asia Argento 's voice !!!
 Fete of Death `` The Stendhal Syndrome '' is a dark , brilliant , unnerving , and beautiful excursion into the mind of a policewoman who is brutally assaulted . Clearly , this is one of Dario Argento 's masterworks , aided by a haunting score by the talented Ennio Morricone.Asia Argento , who plays the heroine , becomes unhinged by her violation . She was not a well woman to begin with , suffering fom a syndrome named after the writer Stendhal that causes her to faint when she views certain works of art that overwhelm her . Her sexual victimization pushes her over the brink of madness , and what ensues is sheer terror . She experiences difficulty distinguishing between fantasy and reality . Her psychological predicament becomes all the more heinous when reality , in the guise of her assailant who continues to stalk her , becomes more horrifying than the chimeras conjured by her overheated imagination.In its depiction of a woman 's descent into madness , this film reminds me of Roman Polanski 's `` Repulsion , '' but Dario Argento 's film is richer and fuller , whereas Polanski 's is claustrophobic . `` The Stendhal Syndrome '' is Argento at the top of his game . -- Bryan Cassiday , author of `` Fete of Death ''
 The five stars I give this DVD are for the film itself , not it 's presentation which needs to be improved greatly . The grainy , flickery image presented by Troma is a big disappointment . Hopefully Anchor Bay or Image will get ahold of this film in the future and give it a cleaner digital transfer . The film itself is quite good , a mysterious departure from the Argento of old , although it has elements of both Deep Red and Tenebre . The extras provided are quite funny , the Troma Intelligence Test is an absolute hoot as is the Tour of Troma 's home base . It 's worth it all in all , but just remember that the picture quality is not the best . If you want to see Stendahl Syndrome , this is your only bet for now .
 I am slightly embarrassed to admit that this is my first Dario Argento film . For anyone even remotely interested in horror movies , this admission is not an easy one . I do n't really know why I waited so long to watch an Argento film ; perhaps it is merely an oversight on my part . It certainly has nothing to do with an aversion to Italian horror cinema ; I have seen several films by such notables as Lucio Fulci , Ruggero Deodato , and Umberto Lenzi but never anything from Dario . Argento 's body of work is voluminous
 Blue Underground has done another great job with this highly underrated Argento movie . But let 's not forget it was because of Troma that the film got any theatrical and initial DVD-release in it 's uncut version in the first place ! It is also important to know that the Troma-dvd has the correct aspect ratio -LRB- which is somewhat overmatted in Blue Underground 's version -RRB- and some wonderful extra 's that are not present here , including an interview with Argento by the other highly underrated genius moviedirector Lloyd Kaufman , in which Dario is in a more relaxed and jolly mood than ever seen elsewhere.A brilliant film , with one of the best performances by Asia Argento ever . A fantastic treatment by VU . But without Troma 's dvd-premiere of this film you are certainly not complete !! If you have to choose , get that one .
 I loaned this DVD to a friend ; immediately after watching it , she called to say `` You are Killing me !!! '' She is right . This horrifying experience is beautifully photographed ; the paintings in the Ufizzi are as beautiful as I have ever seen them . One of the extras shows how they shot on site . Another discusses the credibility of the syndrom ; it seems real . Magnificent , well worth seeing by any lover of films .
 Careful
 The Stendhal Syndrome is definetely one of the finest entries to the oeuvre of Dario Argento and refers strongly to the likes of Alfred Hitchcock . On the one hand it offers you all you ever liked about Argento 's flicks
 This , The Stendhal Syndrome was an absolute thriller with great performances . I would Highly Recommend this DVD giving it a full 5 Star Rating !!!
 Italian `` Master of Horror '' , Dario Argento brings us one of his most frightening and realistic films to date . Argento 's own daughter , the very beautiful Asia Argento gives an amazing and very chilling performance as a policewoman working with the Anti-Rape league in Rome , Italy.While tracking down a serial rapist in an art museum she succumbs to an illness known as the `` Stendhal Syndrome '' , an actual affliction named after one of the first reported cases . The illnes causes certain people to become emerced in and hallucinate when in the presents of works of art . After fainting from such an experience , Anna -LRB- Asia Argento -RRB- is attacked by the rapist she was on the trail of in an extremely unnerving scene , which may be too much for some viewers . The film then takes a drastic change from Dario Argento 's early works , which mainly focused on the search for a serial killer knocking off victims one by one . Instead this movie focuses on the victim of a horrible crime and how it dramatically alters and overwelms every aspect of their lives from then on . As the suprises and shocks hit you one after the other Argento showers the screen with some amazing vsual effects and the breathtaking scenery of his beloved Italy . The director apparently took this film as an opportunity to showcase and show-off Italy 's proud and wonderous art history -LRB- and who could blame him ? -RRB- . Great works of art whirl by you in such a way that you may even experience a case of the Stendhal Syndrome yourself . A beautiful and dark modern `` film noir '' with an enchanting score by the legendary Ennio Morricone , Stendhal Syndome is truly a one of a kind film exprience from a great director who proves he still has a few tricks up his sleeve . Asia Argento SHOULD have won an Academy Award for her outstanding performance . She is without a doubt one of the best young actress working today .
 this will make you wonder about killers souls , can they enter peoples bodys after they die , why do normal people suddenly go crazy , a killing spree ... !!! this movie goes there .
 I have read so many reviews -LCB- mostly on other websites -RCB- saying that Dario Argento 's films in the 90s are all disappointing compared to his past masterpieces . I totally disagree . I think Argento has yet to lose his touch.It 's just after so many great horror/thriller/mystery movies , you tend to keep comparing all his movies to his earlier masterpieces . Even though The Stendahl Syndrome is not as great as Suspiria , Deep Red , Phenomena , etc. , it 's still alot better then the majority of thrillers out nowadays.I will not get into the plot and story line because there are plenty of other reviews to go to for that . I just want to go into why I love this film . First off the story and plot -LCB- that I just chose to ignore in this review -RCB- is pretty original but still has common elements of other Argento films . Second , the scenes where Asia `` falls '' or `` walks '' into art are great and I wish there was more scenes like that . The rape and torture scenes are kinda hard to watch but they are not over the top -LCB- atleast not by Argento standards -RCB- and halfway through Asia gets to turn the tables for a bit . The movie switches between 2 or 3 different overall feels . At first , it 's got paranoia and horror with Asia having constant encounters with the villian but then it changes to a more calm and healing feel and then switches back to fear before the last scenes fall into place.The only things that really bothered me was Asia has a cop , she did n't quite bring in the feel that she was one . And this film has alot of similar elements to Argento 's earlier film Tenebre . Either way I highly suggest this film to fans of psychologic thrillers but this is not a good film to experience Dario Argento for the first time if you have yet to witness any of his great early work .
 Asia Argento is a cop on the trail of a rapist/serial killer who she follows from Rome to Florence . Once in Florence she falls victim to the Stendhal Syndrome , a supposedly real psychological condition -LRB- it 's described in detail on the second disc -RRB- that causes people to feel ill , become disoriented , hallucinate , faint or lose touch with reality when exposed to certain pieces of artwork or architecture . While this condition may indeed exist , I doubt anybody experiences it to quite the degree Asia does in this film , as she is able to literally -LRB- in her mind -RRB- step into a painting and immerse herself in the environment the painting depicts . These scenes showcase Dario 's flair for visuals . So , it 's bad enough that she 's got this Stendhal stuff to deal with , but at the same time , the killer has targeted her . Like the killer in Argento 's Opera , he becomes smitten with Asia , and is n't so much interested in killing her as he is taking her for his own perversions whenever he feels like it . This sets off a series of events that leads Asia through a nightmarish adventure . To give away more of the plot is to give away some of the twists . This movie is kinda split amongst the Argento fanbase , with some on one side saying he 'd lost his way and others saying it 's one of the most underrated and misunderstood movies of his career . Of course you 'll have to see it for yourself to be the judge of where you stand . Personally , I found it very enjoyable and disturbing . Only two things really bugged me about it and they 're not too big . First off , the movie does drag a bit near the halfway mark more than it should . Second , it 's hard to build alot of sympathy for Asia 's character because she 's such an emotional basket case from the very beginning . The whole film has her going through many psychological changes , freaking out , crying and doing irrational stuff at any given moment . I realize that this is all part of the overall point , but we never see her `` normal '' to begin with , so it 's kinda hard to identify with her on any level at all . That 's not to say Asia 's performance is bad coz she actually plays it quite well -LRB- of course she 's pretty much made a career out of playing women with psychological baggage of varying degrees -RRB- . Very well , actually . A very interesting film any way you cut it , and a must for Argento fans . This dvd from Blue Underground looks wonderful compared to that cruddy Troma disc we 've had to suffer through for the last few years . Disc 2 consists of various individual interviews totaling a little over an hour and a half with Dario and other crew members . One interview is with the psychologist who Dario consulted about the Stendhal Syndrome . This is the doctor who apparently is the world 's authority on the syndrome and treats many patients at a hospital in Florence . She also wrote the book on the subject . This is an interesting little feature . Supposedly 80 % of the population suffers from this syndrome to some degree . BS or not ? You decide . Good movie though .
 As always , Argento 's film is unlike anything you 've seen . Hard to stomach sometimes but equally hard to take your eyes off it . Fantastic use of camera , music and muted color palette.Closer in style to Argento 's early films and yet stylistically far bolder .
 Blue Underground has done another great job with this horror / suspense movie director Argento.Great plot & suspense.The movie 's main character is the beautiful and young policewoman Anna Manni -LRB- played by Dario Argento 's daughter - Asia Argento -RRB- who is tracking down a violent serial killer and rapist -LRB- played by Thomas Kretschmann -RRB- . Her track leads her to the Uffizi museum in Florence . There however , Anna is struck by the Stendhal Syndrome , which makes her faint , when among certain works of art , like paintings and statues . Her new handicap makes it very difficult for her to track down the killer , But she did finally found him . But i found the story a bit fantasy base but common since argento directs no comments ... long live Dario ...
 I thought the picture quality of the bluray was beautiful , far better than the previous BU release -LRB- I wo n't even discuss the trauma release -RRB- . Watching it on this disk was like seeing the film for the first time -LRB- not to mention how good it sounded -RRB- . I came here expecting to see praises for the release , but instead I mainly see complaints about how grainy it looked.I could n't remember seeing any excessive grain , so I put the disk in again and still did n't see any problems . It was only when I moved 5 feet closer to the TV where I could see some grain , but even then it was n't much and hardly enough to make the film unwatchable . I read online that part of this grain problem might be from people having the sharpness turned up on their TVs . Maybe someone who has complained about the gran could perhaps check this on their TV and see if the disk looks better with this turned off?As long as Blue Underground continue to put out these high quality releases , I 'll continue to double dip . I would recommend for anyone who is scared off by the reported problems to at least rent the disk and decide for themselves .
 Great Argento movie certainly recommended , the only reason why it does n't get 5 stars is because of the noisy blu-ray picture.The only way to hide it is to use MOVIE picture mode on the HD flat screen , it just hides the defect .
 This flick is not my favorite argento movie but that being said it 's still a good movie . This is more of a psychological thriller and that may not please some argento fans who want a straight forward giallo or murder mystery . Asia argento is a excellent actress and she carries this movie as well . The blu ray edition is a better edition than the standard one however the blu ray process really brings out the grainy style of filming . The `` evil dead 2 '' also is this grainy and it leads to a sparkle like effect that is only slightly distracting in some scenes . Perhaps on future blu ray releases the producers can tone down the grain if a movie utilized it as a technique in filming . Personally I have never been a fan of grainy filming it 's not artistic it 's just grainy . But the picture is crystal clear and the movie has never looked better so it 's a proud addition to my horror collection . If you enjoy murder mysteries with a psycholical theme you may enjoy this movie but if you want a straight forward murder mystery you might be more happy with ` the bird with the crystal plumage '' blu ray instead .
 On watching the first half of this film you 'd be forgiven for thinking it 's one of those grisly ` rape n ' murder ' horrors we get all the time nowadays - except for the occasional dream sequence thrown in -LRB- sometimes done well but there is some pointless cgi here -RRB- I was shocked by some of the films content as I 'm more used to his earlier work -LRB- daft slashers with great art direction -RRB- and had n't seen anything by Argento post - ` terror at the opera ' . However , It was worth sitting throughWhat struck me the most was how moving I found the second half of this film . You really care for the characters - even the seemingly insignificant support characters - and at the films climax -LRB- although totally predictable -RRB- I actually weeped like a little girlThat could just be me thoughBut seriously , Argento has actually gone up in my estimation - There are some truly original moments and themes explored that you wont get in any other genre horror movie - this is a surreal psycological thriller more than anything . Perhaps not as enjoyable as Suspira , Tenebrae or Profondo Rosso - but definitly worth a look if you want to see a different side to Argento 's work
 I love this guy 's movies so I 'm a bit biased here . As far as horror goes , you could do better . It did n't really scare me too much , but there are the usual `` look away '' scenes typical of an Argento film . Plot
 It still astonishes me how often this film seems to get slated . From the first time I saw it , I have always rated it among Argento 's best . A popular train of current thought seems to welcome Nohosonno as return to form since his last major triumph , OPERA . Apart from the fact that I think these two films are often overrated -LRB- they are still great films -RRB- , this does a grave injustice to Stendhal . But then again , I also quite like Phantom of the Opera , must be the Asia factor ! -LRB- rightly acknowledged by most as one of Argento 's weaker efforts ; however , given his pedigree , this is not as bad as it would for most -RRB- . The Troma release is unusual in that the voluminous extras tend to clash with the main feature . You can easily ignore these if they are not to your taste . I bought the special edition of Smow White -LRB- largely due to the Suspiria connection -RRB- , and have still to watch any of the 7 hours -LRB- or whatever -RRB- of bonus materials.The picture quality does seem quite washed out , but having not seen the French DVD or any projected version , I do n't know how much of this is directorial intent . It fits quite nicely to the atmosphere of the film / Morricone 's music.I hope this film earns greater recognition as the years progress . It may also come to be seen to as the prologue to the new trinity of giallo that Argento is working on . His new film , I seem to remember reading somewhere , also involves Asia playing a policewoman .
 The Stendhal Syndrome is an excellent piece . Well written and directed , alot can be said about the performance of his gorgeous daughter . The film has an interesting story line and a shock ending , a bit sluggish , but worth the wait . The film should be seen for Asia Argento alone . If you liked OPERA or TRAUMA , both films I thought were top notch , you will most certainly like this shocking piece by Italy 's best suspense director .
 Make no mistake , this really is a cruel film , and more emotionally involving than usually is the case with a Dario Argento film . It is `` giallo '' in style , however the plot points more to a psychological study , both of victim and of the psycho himself . Almost universally panned on it 's release , it 's a film that grows on you from each viewing . There are quite a few rapescenes in here that are truly harrowing , and they are to be commended for showing how degrading and brutal a rape can be . Also on the bonus side are some ravishing scenes from the Uffici-gallery , a nice -LRB- though not top -RRB- Morriconescore and an interesting character study from Kretschmann as the psycho . Asias performance is more of a mixed bag . Gritty and determined , yet vulnerable and on the verge of a nervous breakdown , she is sometimes impressive . However , she seldom convinces entirely , especially at being masculin . Other minuspoints are also
 While not the roller coaster of non-stop virtuoso bravura camera work , wierd lighting , and non-stop murders as many of the films Argento made his name on , The Stendhal Syndrome is nevertheless a very fine latter day film by Italian horror/suspense maestro Argento.The focus here is on Anna , a police detective with Rome 's anti-rape police unit , very well played by the director 's daughter Asia Argento . Anna suffers from the title syndrome , which causes those afflicted to literally lose themselves in works of art . This leaves Anna vulnerable to the very serial killer/rapist she is working to help catch.Mr . Argento pulls absolutely no punches in depicting the absolute horror of Anna 's rape , and while the film 's unflinching cruelty may be hard for some people to watch , it is totally appropriate to the subject matter -- the fact that Dario Argento takes the issue of rape so seriously in this film for me rules out any accusations of bad taste.The focus is very much on the character of Anna , of how both the Stendhal Syndrome she suffers from and the experience of being raped and stalked affect her character , and Asia Argento is a fascinating presence to watch in the role.Mr . Argento employs his considerable cinematic skill well in this film , not overwhelming the story and character issues with excessive stylistic flourishes , but nevertheless employing , with more restraint than usual , some very stunning and brilliant camera work and scene staging in the depiction of the both the experience of Anna 's losing of herself in great works of art , and in conveying the terror of her situation . Many breathtaking Italian works of art are featured in the film , and the Italian locations are well used too.If Anna were simply to turn out to be a passive victim , though , there would not be much of a story , but to reveal all that happens would be to spoil the experience of watching this film for yourself.Ennio Morricone did a fine job with the music score for the film , and the quality of Troma 's VHS tape , while not quite up to the standards of Anchor Bay , is of surprisingly good quality . There were a few places near the middle of the film where the image flickered a bit for a short time , but aside from this brief distraction , the picture and sound quality are excellent . While probably not quite the full original 1.66:1 aspect ratio , this VHS version is nevertheless moderately letterboxed , so there obviously ca n't be much of the picture not on screen here . This version , by the way , the $ 14.98 retail version , is the superior quality SP speed version -- beware the inferior quality EP version sold elsewhere on Amazon for $ 9.98 .
 Dario Argento really knows how to bombard the viewer 's senses with insane violence that seems almost sureal . The plot is good , but becomes cluttered and unbelievable towards the end . Still , a great film that should be admired for it 's style , not necessarily it 's storyline .
 Troma 's DVD of `` Stendhal Syndrome '' is quite a nice package . Although there is some slight graininess and very minor artifacting during the film , the image actually looks really Nice , especially considering Troma put it out . I was very relieved it looks as good as it does . The film itself is better on a second viewing and , although it 's not amongst Argento 's best , it is definitely a superior thriller by the italian maestro . The excellent Ennio Morricone score is also a major plus . And Asia is quite effective as the young woman subject to the hallucinatory nightmarish condition brought on by works of art . A psycho rapist with a razor-blade smile is killing women in Italy and Asia 's art-visions lead her into his clutches . Yes , this is the film where Argento filmed his own daughter 's rape scene . Extras on the disc include two interviews with Dario -LRB- the Lloyd Kaufman one and another on the set of `` Phantom '' which is a lot more interesting -RRB- not to mention some `` hidden '' interview footage of Argento in Stockholm -LRB- accessed by hitting the `` 9 '' to get the razor blade -RRB- . There 's also an interview with Sergio Stivaletti and for some reason , there 's an interview with Ruggero Deodato who discusses `` Cannibal Holocaust '' -LRB- do n't really know why it 's on this disc -RRB- The interview with Deodato has really bad translated subtitles ... he talks and talks , but the subtitles are really basic and abbreviated . Better than nothing , I suppose . The film `` bios '' on Dario and Asia are simply filmographies -LRB- it amusingly lists `` Four Patches on Grey Velvet '' instead of `` Flies '' ! -RRB- . The disc also contains all that superfluous Troma stuff -LRB- games - trivia - Troma tours - etc. -RRB- . All in all , a great disc for Argento fans !
 One of Argento 's most controversial and nightmarish films -LRB- even by the master 's standards -RRB- gets the Blue Underground treatment , and you wo n't be disappointed . The picture and sound are exceptional . . first rate !
 For years I had wondered why critics had condemned the quality of the previous release -LRB- s -RRB- of this film . Watching this gorgeous new transfer and hearing it in dts , then comparing it to the previous release , I understood completely . This is one of Dario Argento 's most divisive films , and I 'll admit that for a long time , I did n't fully understand or appreciate it . The supplemental disc in this release , which includes an interview with the psychiatrist and psychoanalyst who wrote the book upon which the film is based and who consulted on the film , made everything perfectly clear for me . Her explanations of the syndrome and its effects helped me to understand what Anna does and why . It really was like watching a new film for me . Of course she 'd do that , I thought . I was also pleased to see the film restored to its original running time . Anyone whose opinion of the film was questionable before should give it another try through this excellent Blue Underground release .
 This is one of the best Argento Movies ever . The music though simple stays with you . There are few plot holes unlike most Agrento Moives . The ending is a definite twist ! I hope Troma releases the UNCUT version of Stendhal Syndrome because there really is no place to cut the movie without losing some of the impact and Plot points
 Lovely female police detective Anna Manni -LRB- Asia Argento -RRB- was having a fine day at the museum at some city in Italy , until she started getting weird hallucinations called `` Stendhal Syndrome '' which causes bizarre images when she sees works of art . She does go after a serial killer that goes around raping and murdering people , Anna must know more of the killer 's instincts and moves if her Stendhal Syndrome does n't get in the way.Very artsy and gory psychological horror fantasy thriller from Italy 's greatest horror master Dario Argento offers surreal imagery , gory violence especially the realistic razorblade to the lip sequence that will make you cringe , and a creepy score by Ennio Morricone . Dario 's daughter Asia is truly gorgeous in this picture as the detective , the film does have scares and good focus on characterizations . It 's a very original and stunning horror-feast for fans of the genre and Italian horror movies , it 's totally one of Argento 's best movies.This 2-Disc DVD contains quality picture and sound plus the uncut uncensored version of the film with both English language and Italian language with English subtitles . Extras include Theatrical Trailer , interview with Dario Argento and five featurettes with the filmmakers.Also recommended
 This movie is definately one of Argento 's best . As usual the movie features Argento 's masterful camerawork and artistic set design . The movie also features enough scares to satisfy any horror fan . Where this movie truly shines , however , is in it 's pschological aspects . It is unberable at times to watch the tortures which Argento puts his daughter Asia through . After an intense first half , the movie shifts it 's tone radically . Unbelieveably it becomes more disturbing . If not for a few cheesy cgi effects this would be a perfect movie . Still , if you can sit through it and keep your eyes on the screen , it would be hard to find a more rewarding film experience . Buy this movie today .
 When it came to the 90s a lot of horror filmmakers who had their rise to fame in the 70s and 80s were for some reason unable to make the transition into the 90s . In general most filmmakers do n't get better with age they get worse . Of course there are always exceptions . I believe Dario Argento was one of the exceptions , well sort of . I think the 90s started off well for him , Trauma was a much underrated movie in my opinion . While you can see he was starting to lose it just a bit , he still made a solid movie.The Stendhal Syndrome continues that ; it 's a movie by a director who reached greatness and is still hanging on to that . This is one of those movies that really stands-out in Argento 's career ; for starters The Stendhal Syndrome is a lot darker than his previous movies . It has more in common with a 70s exploitation flick than it does what Argento is known for . Like I said The Stendhal Syndrome is a lot darker than Argento 's past movies and even at times feels a lot more real . Dario Argento was a filmmaker who really knew how to create a sense of dread and doom and while it does n't always work here for the most part it has that feel through out.The Stendhal Syndrome as I stated really does stand-out ; at times it 's almost like a different filmmaker and that is actually a very good thing . Argento strays from his formula of past movies and makes a very solid and in my opinion a much underrated movie in his brilliant career . While he does stray in parts there are also flashes of what made Dario Argento one of the most Iconic horror filmmakers of all time . The Stendhal Syndrome is labeled a Giallo and while it does have those elements it strays from the typical conventions of what a Giallo is.The screenplay by Dario Argento was overall rather solid . A lot of people tend to forget that he is actually a good writer . If you go back and view his early work such as The Bird with the Crystal Plumage and Deep Red they were very well written and while the only weakness in Argento as a filmmaker could possibly be seen as a writer he did manage to write some solid scripts . But really starting with Suspiria his scripts did start to lack . That is n't to say they were badly written , but they often lacked logic and it was Dario Argento the director that made those movies he did starting with Suspiria such brilliant horror movies.Unlike some of his past movies , The Stendhal Syndrome is very character driven . While there are some murder scenes and some being very graphic the movie relies more on character moments rather than action and I think it was done rather well . Argento sort of took elements from his past movies , but mixed them up . By this time in his career I think that had to be done . He could have played it safe and done the typical Giallo , but I think that would have hurt the movie and suffered from the , been there , done that . In most Giallos it 's about the murders and the investigation . But here in The Stendhal Syndrome the murders and investigation take a backseat and the primary focus is on Anna Manni played by Asia Argento.Again even though I do think early in his career Argento was an excellent writer and than became a good writer his movies were n't really known for their characters . While he did create some interesting characters over his career when talking about his movies the characters often come last . But The Stendhal Syndrome is one movie where you 'll probably mention the character of Anna Manni first.On the visual side you know what to expect , while it 's not Suspiria or Inferno , the movie still looks quite good from a visual side , but Argento seemed to tone down his normal style , which in this case I believe was a good thing . Argento just might be the best visual director to ever grace the silver screen . But in a movie like this I think Argento 's visual style could possibly take away , so it was a wise move to downplay it . But there are many great visual moments ; it 's a Dario Argento film , but visually the movie is good , but it was n't a movie to show off his visual style.Don ' t go into The Stendhal Syndrome expecting the typical Argento movie ; like I said this is quite different . There are a couple of murders , but they are n't the main star of the movie and actually there can be long stretches without one . The Stendhal Syndrome does move slowly in some areas , but I do n't think it ever gets boring . I always say there is more to filmmaking than just story-telling . This is hard to explain without making Argento sound bad , but in general his movies were n't about story-telling at least as his career went on . But this time around he goes back to that and tells a story of Anna Manni who goes through some pretty horrific events and goes through this mental breakdown . It 's all handled quite well and very believable.Any fan of Italian horror knows that often enough the movies can sometimes be incoherent or slightly incoherent . Sometimes something will happen without an explanation or a plot twist that does n't really seem to make a whole lot of sense . In the case of Argento , his movies can often be seen as a nightmare and I suppose it makes sense when things do n't make sense . But The Stendhal Syndrome is very coherent and is as much a drama as it is a horror movie . The Stendhal Syndrome proves again Dario Argento can not only write , but tell a story.The cast is pretty good led by Asia Argento . Most complaints is she looks to young to be a detective , while I guess that is true , I loved Asia in this movie and the way her character transforms from the first half of the movie to what she becomes in the 2nd half was believable and she does an excellent job at playing both . I just adore Asia Argento and despite some complaints I thought she was simply amazing . Thomas Kretschmann is pretty good as Alfredo Grossi the villain , but the movie was n't really about him . I would have liked to have seen him have a little more screen time , but he does well in his role , which is quite pivotal to Asia 's character . Marco Leonardi as Marco Longhi also delivers a good performance . All the cast members were pretty good actually and is probably one of the better acted movies done by Argento.I also enjoyed how the movie changes in the 2nd half . It 's sort of like 2 movies for the price of 1 . The 2nd half the movie changes focus , but it does n't feel out of place it actually works quite well . A lot of times when a movie changes focus in the 2nd half it barley works , but to Argento 's credit he is able to mix it up and make everything work and work very well . The first half and the 2nd half both fit together , but the focus does change a bit.In closing , The Stendhal Syndrome is n't a perfect movie there are some elements that come across as slightly silly , but as a whole the movie works very well and in my opinion this movie is much underrated by Argento fans . It was a slight change of pace and works well . After this though things would mostly go downhill for Dario Argento , but The Stendhal Syndrome , while not the best work in his career can stand proud next to his brilliant body of work.Interestingly enough , 2004 's The Card Player was originally meant to be a sequel , but when Asia Argento was n't available it became its own movie . The lead character in The Card Player is named Anna Mari rather than Manni . Not sure how it would have worked , but interesting .
 CONTAINS ONE MINOR SPOILERThe Stendhal Syndrome was the second movie I saw by Dario Argento . Since then I 've become a huge fan of his work . Many people find this multi-layered thriller to be one of his failures and I find that hard to believe . Granted , it 's more character driven than most of his movies tend to be and the movie 's pace and athmosphere change dramatically in the second half . Still , I found out that it 's got a lot of his trademarks -LRB- having now viewed all his movies except Four flies on grey velvet , which I ca n't find anywhere -RRB- . It 's stylish as hell , with great use of artworks -LRB- as metaphors that is ; the scene where Asia covers herself in paint had me wondering -RRB- , the music score is excellent -LRB- by Ennio Morricone ; not Goblin -RRB- and the violence is at times extreme -LRB- the rape scenes particularly , since you know Asia 's father is directing them -RRB- . The real difference with this film considering Dario 's other films is the psychological undertone . I have watched this movie now three times and I 'm always seeing something I did n't figure out the last time . That 's what great complex thrillers do , they always keep you wondering . This is without a doubt Dario Argento 's most complex film , it demands the audience pay attention to what 's happening . As far as psychological thrillers go , this one ranks high .
 Assistant Inspector Anna Manni is sent from Rome to Florence on an assignment to capture a serial rapist who has raped 15 women and killed the last two . While at the Uffizi Gallery , the paintings have a weird effect on her , she feels herself being immersed in one of them , and collapses . However , the rapist assaults her , then rapes and kills another woman in front of her . The incident leaves Anna traumatized , with feelings of self-despite , insecurity , and pent-up aggression.The kindly psychologist assigned to her describes the title condition to her in describing what Stendhal -LRB- the pen-name of psychological novelist Marie-Henri Beyle -RRB- felt at an art musuem
 Everything on it is worth the price of admission . If you like this kind of music you will most likely like this DVD . Good footage and sound well produced .
 I have spent some considerable effort in this space reviewing various trends in the blues tradition , including country blues . As is fairly well known country blues got its start down in the South during the early part of the 20th century -LRB- if not earlier -RRB- as a way for blacks -LRB- mainly -RRB- to cope with the dreaded , deadly work on the plantations -LRB- picking that hard to pick cotton -RRB- . In this volume -LRB- and in a couple of other previously reviewed volumes in this series -RRB- Stefan Grossman , the renowned guitar teacher and performer in his own right has taken old film clips and segments from early television and produced an hour of classic performances by the masters of country blues guitar picking and singing.From the start this is a treat for those interested in finger-picking styles and to witness the legends of this particular pantheon . It starts with a good old Kentucky boy , Merle Travis , doing his mountain version of the classic traditional , `` John Henry '' , and works through the likes of Mance Liscomb , Doc and Merle Watson and the Reverend Gary Davis , the last who should be familiar to those who watched the previous DVDs . No finger-picking film could pretend to be complete without a bow to the genius of Elizabeth Cotten -LRB- of the folk super-classic `` Freight Train '' fame -RRB- . The documentary conceptually finishes up with Josh White doing his version of `` John Henry '' to demonstrate some common sources of both black and white acoustic country music . Well done .
 This Modern Drummer festival 2003 DVD is outstanding!I was at this festival and what 's included on this 2 disc set really covers it well ! Every drummer featured puts on an amazing show ! Mike Portnoy 's Beatles Tribute and `` Instrumedley '' performance with fellow Dream Theatre bandmates are my personal highlites!The behind the scenes extras are a nice bonus too!Both video and audio quality are excellent.Just a great overall production by Hudson Music ... WELL DONE !!! Highly recommended !!!
 This dvd is a must have for all drummers . It shows such a wide range of drumming and what the drums are capable of . I learned alot watching these guys play . Some of them I had never heard before . I am inspired to practice and by watching got many different ideas I can apply to my drumming . I have come up withmany new ideas and do n't feel like my playing is stuck in one place . There is n't a weak performance among them and at 6 hours long , its like being there only you can watch it over and over . A must have for any serious drummer .
 Very good picture and sound quality and a good performance overall performed by an elite team of drummers and percussionists ... The highlights of the show might be the performances by Steve Smith , Mike Portnoy and Antonio Sanchez . . The performances by Hip Pickles , Nathaniel Townsley , Mike Orris Jr. -LRB- winner of the Undiscovered Drummer Contest , under 18 category -RRB- , The Drumbassadors -LRB- Ren Creemers and Wim DeVries -RRB- , and Louis Santiago Jr -LRB- the winner of the Undiscovered Drummer Contest -RRB- were also very good.Steve Smith is ... well Steve Smith as usual ... His performance with the Vital nformation is worth seeing , tough if you own his DVD `` Drumset Technique/History of the U.S. Beat '' , you might feel like you have seen it before ... Mike Portnoy and Dream Theater 's instrumedley was terrific , not only in terms of drumming , but in terms of composition and arrangement as well . It is a must see for every Dream Theater and music fan if you have not seen it yet . . The performance with the `` Yellow Matter Custard '' is fun , do not accept any exceptional drumming tough other than Portnoy playing a simple kit.Antonio Sanchez demonstrates one of the most complex drumming independence I have ever seen , tough you might get a little nervous after a while as you may need to struggle to understand what he 's really doing . . The guy is good ... We can not expect to see Dennis Chambers , Weckl or other drumming gods at this festival every time . But I beleive that a drummer performing for Modern Drummer Festival must at least be inspiring or different if not excellent or top-notch ... In that sense , performances by Nick D'Virgilio , Shawn Pelton & House Of Diablo , Airto Moreira and Matt Wilson were uninteresting , and I would have preferred to watch something else instead . .
 MD 2003 was an unbelivable experience and it is almost even better on DVD in the comfot of your own home ! All of the features and footage is excelent ! You will want to watch in over and over again ! The Modern Drummer Festival comes only once a year and this DVD captures it all !
 the annual MD Fest is one of the most expected event for all the drummers around the world , and bring some of the hottest drummer from different genre to show the world how good to be part of the drumming community , and 2003 MD Fest is just as excited as before , or maybe even more , look at what a massive kit and how agressive Mike Portnoy is , how entertaining Hip Pickles and their drumming can be , and there 's one guy that you do n't want to miss , Nathaniel Townsley , he 's so groovy and in the pocket , check him out !!! and MD once brought the almighty Thomas Lang from Europe , and they once again brought an eye-blowing duo from Europe , The Drumbassadors ... not to mention Antonio Sanchez , his the man who definitely bring Latin drumming to the next level ... and for Steve Smith , he 's no doubt a great drummer , but i 'm kinda tired seeing his `` Drumbassadors + Clayton Cameron '' performance , please Steve , i 'm sure you can come up with something much more original , and please return credit to where it 's belong ...
 If you want to sit back and watch an alot of great drumming , this is the dvd for you . it 's better than being at the show because the great camera angles let you see more than you can from the audience . the sound is awesome . so put it in your player sit back and go to drumming heaven . this dvd rocks .
 This DVD on the HiQ label is a quirky release . It 's a UK produced DVD distributed by Voiceprint - which has been releasing the Tony Palmer films in the US this year . The DVD feature is a reissue of a 1992 Documentary on the Yardbirds produced by Delilah productions for Atlantic Records and released on VHS in 1993 by Warner Strategic Marketing -LRB- It still has the copyright notice at the end -RRB- . The 53-minute film features new interviews -LRB- at the time it was produced -RRB- with all the then living members . Vocalist and harmonica player Keith Reif died in the 1970s . The story of the short span of five years that the band was together is laid out with interviews combined with rare archival footage of performances in the US -LRB- Hullabaloo -RRB- , French and Belgian TV and the BBC . There are many full numbers -LRB- though I wish they had indexed these as separate chapters for repeated viewing -RRB- . The interviews are insightful , particularly the comments from Jeff Beck.There is also a `` Bonus Feature '' which consists of a FABULOUS performance of four numbers from the German TV show `` Beat Beat Beat '' from 1967 , with a seven-minute version of `` I 'm A Man '' that 's worth the price of the DVD alone . -LRB- There are more `` Beat Beat Beat '' shows coming early next year from HiQ and I , for one , am excited to see these . The crisp print and great camera close-ups are perfect.The DVD comes with a booklet of , supposedly , liner note but most of the 20-page booklet is devoted to an essay and liner notes for a new Yardbirds album `` Birdland '' recorded in 2003v with new members . These notes have nothing at all to do with the story here.I would give this DVD five stars for what 's on the disc - but dropped a star because of this strange packaging , which makes no sense.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 As one reviewer suggested this might be a bootleg as it 's not listed on the official Yardbirds website.Nonetheless this is worth every penny if only for the excellent quality of live music and TV show footage.There are plenty of band interviews with all of the living Yardbirds including some Clapton , lots of Beck and Page and Peter Grant even gets some camera time . There is one band interview in particular from sometime in the 90 's and Beck is straightforward hilarious with his behind the scenes stories and critiques of things like Blow Up.This is very well put together , tells the story and is entertaining.If it is a bootleg or something done without the band 's consent then whoever made this should be in big trouble right now.I have Googled for Yardbirds lawsuits against HiQ and could find nothing.People want to see this stuff , especially things about short lived , ground breaking , inventive and elusive bands -LRB- Hello Joy Division ! -RRB- . If the Yardbirds or any band that cares about it 's `` legacy '' wants make sure the history of their existence gets the correct treatment they should beat all others to the punch and do it themselves -LRB- Hello XTC ! -RRB- . Take the Beatles example and claim your history and stop your sobbing -LRB- Hello Kinks ! -RRB- Eventually someone cobbles together a video history of these bands , if not for the love of the music then for money , either way it will get done and we the adoring public will eat it up.Surely people who have been in this business as long as the Yardbirds know that.I 'll give it 5 stars just to annoy the `` guy who knows the band '' and that I really do enjoy it and will watch it repeatedly . Hey lighten up , it 's only Rock and Roll!Great stuff , Love it , Buy it now !
 The Yardbirds played a crucial part in the history and development of rock . The Jeff Beck Group with Rod Stewart , Led Zep , Clapton 's many excursions , and even Renaissance -LRB- ! -RRB- were all outgrowths of the band.This video tells the story very well . Lots of classic , though incomplete , live footage is included and almost all the original participants weigh in with facts and anecdotes . The video is well-edited and easy to watch . Not for fans only this piece is recommended to all rock/pop music lovers but probably essential for true Yardbirds fans.Additionally , this edition includes four complete live performances from the final incarnation of the Yardbirds - Jimmy Page , Chris Dreja , Keith Relf , and Jim McCarty - which is also sold separately . So it has added value .
 Very informative and fun to listen to for someone of my generation . I had heard bits and pieces of the Yardbirds story , but never the complete picture .
 I was born in 67 . So I have always enjoyed 70 s music but found alot of great music from the 60 's about 5 years ago . I play guitar and that always gave me reasons to learn more .
 Much of this DVD is documentary interviews that were fairly interesting . I found Jeff Beck 's interviews to be the most interesting because they were extremely frank and uncensored.Many of the performances on this DVD are frustratingly incomplete . SOME of the Video Quality is really poor . The clips from US television are all lip sync , unexciting and disappointing . The more complete genuinely live perfomances from NME Poll Winner concert and the Richmond -LRB- UK -RRB- Blues Festival with Jeff Beck are very rewarding . The sound quality is not great as can only be expected due to their age and crude recording techniques.The late Keith Relf comes off better than I expected . His showmanship was well highlighted in the DVD.The Bonus Track from German TV 1967 -LRB- Beat , Beat , Beat -RRB- with Jimmy Page is a real MONSTER . The audio recording is clean and undistorted . The Black and White Video is clean also . The engineers on this recording did an excellent job for the times . The camera work is good . You can really see Jimmy Page working hard . All the songs on the Bonus Track are among the very best of The Yardbirds repertoire . There is an extended version of I 'm a Man as it was performed live when I saw The Yardbirds in 1968 . Keith Relf puts on a good show here as well . You wo n't be disappointed by the Bonus Track , which is worth the price of the DVD itself .
 Essential for the completist . Lotsa info for those whe were not into the Yardbirds when they were together and have come to their senses or for those who were not here in the '60s .
 Excellant DVD . Had a lot of info I did n't know about the band . Highly recommended .
 I am very satisfied with my purchase . And I will continue to make DVD purchases from amazon . Good buy . Thanks .
 This is Usher 's fourth live DVD concert to be released I believe . Of the last three , I believe this is my least favorite . It is good though . It just seems rushed ... and Usher just seems to be more than a little bored . It could just be the way it was recorded , I 'm not sure . He 's doing his thing though , and the dancers and musicians are certainly on point . Usher did n't seem to relate to the audience too much this time out . Maybe it was editing , I 'm not sure , but for me it 's an important part of any show . You want the audience to at least believe you 're having a good time doing what you 're doing ! ... I do n't think the London show was a good show to record . The crowd seemed a bit tame to me . Stateside would have been much better I believe ... The entrance was hott ! U really do n't get to see how really good this is until you look at the DVD extras ! It 's great . The song selection , staging , dancing , and costumes are all excellent as well . It was well worth the $ 11.99 I paid for it -LRB- I thought that was cheap ! -RRB- . I own a lot of concert DVDs . This one ranks somewhere in the middle . So go out and get , it 's great !
 The DVD was amazing . . My whole family watched , we love Usher . . This was better than going . . I could see his every move.Thank you Amazon you make shopping easy . .
 Watched the concert then bought the Blu ray , all worth it , we just keep watchingIt over and over . Great concert Usher . Definitely watching his next show
 I was n't totally in love with the show , but I 'm an Usher fan . I feel like the Los Angeles show would have been more banging ! I 've been dying for Usher to release some sort of concert on Blu-ray . Really wish Confessions or 8701 would get put on Blu-ray . If you are a real Usher fan , this is a must have !
 I never soul a concert like this , just Usher and Michael jackson can do a concert like this !! I never soul a concert like this , just Usher and Michael jackson can do a concert like this !! I never soul a concert like this , just Usher and Michael jackson can do a concert like this !!
 wont know til christmas when my daughter opens it up i hope she likes it but she loves usher so i dont see her being dissapointed
 I totally LOVE Usher AND I saw this concert when it was in the states . Once I received it , I watched it right away . I gave it 5 stars as far as picture quality , but BE WARNED
 The OMG tour did not come to my city and I 'm a huge Usher fan so I thought this would be a good substitute . The footage was good but I was n't too fond of the song choices/lineup . I 've seen enough of this tour on YouTube to know he did a hot steamy number to `` Trading Places '' which was not included on the DVD . Bummer . Also being a huge fan and not familiar with the song `` Monster '' which the DVD opened with was a little off putting . The dancers were fabulous as was the set and Usher himself . The crowd seemed a little subdude to me and perhaps that is why Usher did n't seem as into it or as playful as usual . He also kept it pretty clean , for which I was a little disappointed . We all know Usher can move his hips and it was n't enough thrusting for me , lol . Despite of these little things , I enjoyed the DVD and would recommend it .
 This is a great DVD ... USHER is the ultimate entertainer ! Just amazing ! This shipment came in like 2 days and the product was great also . All Usher fans need this recent DVD . All music and concert lovers will enjoy as well .
 Love his music and swagger . Only wish it was longer , but other than that I loved it . Recommend this for all Usher fans : -RRB-
 No suprise . A great DVD by one of music 's best stars of the last 15 years . -LRB- EVEN THOUGH HE HAS BEEN IN THE INDUSTRY SINCE 93 -RRB- The perfromances are great and the songs make you want to play your Usher cd 's right after . He did a professional top of the line show you do not get from all R&B and POP stars .
 Being the fanatic that I am of Usher , I am probably not the best person to base your purchase desion on , But ... . How can you not want to purchase this DVD ? It was one of the hottest tours of the summer full of titillating dance routines and of course mind blowing vocals . I 'm impressed with every new DVD of USher 's and I 'm quite sure you will be as well ... . But do n't take my word for it . Check it out !
 It 's what I wanted to watch ! . This concert contains most of the greatest hits hat Usher has performed through the years .
 If you a fan of Usher this blue ray concert is a must have . The quality and his performances are very good .
 Usher does it again as only Usher can . Great music , dancing and showmanship . Like being at the concert in person .
 First of all I 'm not the biggest Usher fan , honestly dont really know what made me buy this disc !! -LRB- maybe for my daughter -RRB- But I watch it like four times , with family and friends . This is what a show suppose to be , just plain entertaining !! They spared no expense on this show and a LOT OF HARD WORK . I am now a true fan of Usher 's live proformances , I now see why they sell his tickets for a 100 bucks !
 A great DVD by Usher ; I love his music . The perfromances are great and the songs make you want watch the DVD over and over again . I recommend that you buy this one .
 My name is Mechelle Smith I am the creator of all the Mechelle 's Way Fitness videos . This particular video I designed for the seniors who are beginning to enter the world of fitness or for those who already love to workout but are looking for something different . As always a protion of the video is put towards saftey tips and health tips geared for seniors . The actual workout has three different levels . The first is set at a level where either you have never worked out or for health reasons you need a non impact workout . The second level is of course set at a non-impact to light impact level and the last is medium to high impact . Now when I say high that is based on the age groups of 55-65 , so do n't let that word scare you . This workout is an interval workout . This means the heart rate will be raised and lowered through out the workout . There is also weight training and balance movements . These are KEY elements as our bodies get older , we need to keep the joints moving and the bones strong and healty . The nice thing about my videos is that as you improve you simply go to the next level within the video ! I hope you enjoy this video workout and as always feel free to E-Mail me with your comments and what you would like to see in the upcoming videos . Best of Health and happiness ! Mechelle A Smith
 I am Mark Harmon 's Fan , I have Worth Winning on LASERDISC And On DVD too , 't is a great Comedy . : -RRB-
 This is by far the best Mark Harmon movie ever . I love the plot , the twists , the gags and the laughs !
 I love Mark Harmon , he 's gorgeous and funny.reminds of Tom Cruise.this movie is hilarious ,3 woman-1 man ,3 proposals 3 yes.you gon na crack up , until the woman find out they were part of a bet.now all bets are off-and man is looking like a fool at the alter .
 I watched this movie at 4:00 in the morning before going to work and I was in a GOOD mood all day long . This moving will have you ROTFLOL ! I could n't stop laughing . I think it 's a keeper ... I could have done without the curse words , but loved the moving anyway .
 Great romantic comedy for snuggling up with your honey . Soundtrack is good too , lots of sweet romantic songs .
 I do n't know what it is about this movie but it 's a classic 80 's flick ! Mark Harmon is at his best . The plot is a little predictable but it 's entertaining and takes you back to the decade past .
 One of my favorite movies . The plot is simple and predictable . The lines are sometimes cheesy but overall , the movie is very entertaining . Love the soundtrack too.Synopsis
 I was so happy to see this came out on DVD , finally . This is a longtime favorite movie of mine . I love to share it with friends who have never seen it ; they invariably enjoy it as much if not more than me . Believe it or not , it 's a great `` date movie '' to cuddle up with ... there are enough plot twists to make the story , at one time or another , enjoyable for just about everyone , and yet nobody will be turned off by them . This movie is great fun ... enjoy !!!!
 ... with two of my favorite actors
 This is a very funny movie with one of todays Greats . . Mark Harmon ! It is also my favorite Madeleine Stowe flick next to `` Last of the Mohicians '' . Mark portrays a player , he has to propose to 3 girls at the same time and gets caught . The best thing about this flick is that Mark Harmon talks directly at the camera -LRB- like `` Ferris Beuler '' did -RRB- . It is a situational comedy that really gets the job done . The girls get together and plot their revenge , and boy they do get him good !!
 This is an old school comedy and it is not very well known , but it is a real cute and funny movie , with some wonderful actors doing a great job , a great storyline , and for all the guys some really pretty girls ! ;-RRB- It is a really great romantic comedy that I highly recomend to anyone who likes this genre !! Out of 5 stars I give it 4 and 1/2 .
 This movie is one of my all-time favorites . The story plot is simple and predictable . Some of the lines may be cheesy . But overall , it is very funny and entertaining.Synopsis
 My wife and I have seen this movie a number of times , and we have continued to enjoy it . It 's not heavy , but it is funny , and that 's why we bought it . We recommend it .
 Worth Winning is Another great Funny Movie Starring Mark HarmonThe DVD is Great , IF You 're Mark Harmon 's Fan ! you 'll definitely love this Movie : -RRB-
 The two DVD set `` Life Drawing Techniques In Action '' by Bridget Woods demonstrates short drawing exercises -LRB- typically 5 to 20 minutes -RRB- that gently introduce students to aspects of realistic drawing and the traditional art studio environment . The drawings are impressionistic , but the lessons about realistic drawing are driven home.The drawing of the female nude shown on the front cover of the DVD case is done in one exercise , but it is not a typical drawing . -LRB- Calling the other drawings `` impressionistic '' may not be the precise term from the point of view of art history , but if publishers of non-fiction media can use misleading packaging , reviewers must also be given some slack . The other drawings are `` sketchy '' , `` gestural '' - you get the idea . Furthermore , the drawing on the front cover is done in chalk and Conte crayon while most other exercises on the DVD are done in charcoal . -RRB- Currently you can find video excerpts on the Crowood Press website that show typical drawings or your could try using a magnifying glass on the back of the DVD case.The exercises involve sketching nude models . Footage includes shots of the models taken from the artist 's point of view , so a student might use stop-motion to try the exercises for himself . Although Nudity is present in almost every exercise , it not an essential element of the course . There is no detailed discussion of anatomy and no technical anatomical terms are used . There is no instruction about drawing the muscles of the body or hand or feet etc. . It seems to me that instructors could teach this material using models that wore light colored tights Sometimes Bridget Woods remarks that she is using the belly button or a nipple is a landmark . Perhaps a teacher could indicate anatomical landmarks on a clothed model with tape.Bridget Woods speaks with a British accent . Her presentation is clear and organized . It 's polished enough to be from a script , but natural enough that it might be spontaneous . It 's the ideal type of narration . The video shows her drawings , the model , and sometimes a projection of the image of the model on the drawing.These DVDs are an excellent introduction to the traditional studio environment . Many prospective art students are comfortable sitting at a desk , drawing on copier paper or on the back of store receipts with a pencil , and consulting a photograph for their subject . Although they feel that they `` know how to draw '' , their enrollment in a studio class is disorienting . Instead of the desk , there is the vertical easel . Instead of a PostIt note , there is a huge sheet of drawing paper . The familiar pencil is gone and replaced by a burnt stick of wood . They must try a new way of holding it . The person to be drawn is all the way across the room . -LRB- Whether that person happens to be nude or not is n't the major novelty in the situation . -RRB- The lessons on these DVDs give students a comfortable introduction , one that is simple , but not `` too easy '' or insubstantial . The DVDs are only an introduction . They do n't take students to the level of detailed figure drawings.Reserved and analytical people might be slightly uncomfortable at some moments in the course since Bridget Woods tries to communicate that drawing should be an enjoyable experience , like a mild form of dancing . Such people are used to being slightly uncomfortable in social situations , so they can take it.I rate this DVD set as five stars out of five to indicate that it is superior introduction to the studio environment and the methods of realistic drawing.SynopsisDisk OneRhythim and CurveUse the `` muscle memory '' in your arm to draw curves implied by the model . This is a practical way to solve the problem of locating your drawing so the entire pose fits on your paper.Measuring And Angle FindingThis is a practical demonstration of how to measure distances and angles with a pencil . There are valuable practical hints such as
 I teach Figure Drawing and I am using some of the exercises with my class . They love the new way of thinking . Guessing measurements has really helped .
 I liked Ms Woods book on life drawing -LRB- which I bought through Amazon -RRB- so when I saw a DVD also listed , I was interested . Amazon listed it out of stock , but I managed to find a copy . I am amazed to see months later that you still show it out of stock . It is an excellent DVD . I particularly liked the way Ms Woods demonstrated each technique on paper rather than describing it , all the time showing the model , and at times even superimposing her drawing over the model to make a point . I found many of her ` lessons ' helpful and would think many Amazon clients would agree . Incidentally , her book that piqued my interest wasLife Drawing
 This was an enjoyable film that I would not have seen if I had n't suscribed to Amazon Prime . I 'm not getting any perks , etc , for reccomending Amazon Prime , but one of the features is the instant video . While many films have a rental fee , this film was included and I would not have watched it without that incentive.I found the plot of this film rather predictable , but the acting was good . I have n't seen many Danish films so it was interesting to me on a cultural level . The scenery was n't a huge part of the film , but it showed some lovely aspects of Copenhagen . I did enjoy the film and would suggest it to people wanting a thoughtful film somewhat in the vein ofThe Descendants .
 A heart wrenching and heart warming story with beautiful cinematography and excellent acting . As far as films go , it is hard to ask for more .
 This is really a woman 's film in the sense there is a lot of dissection and discussion back and forth about what people feel about situations from each and different angles . -LRB- Frequent camera panning on the eyes alone -RRB- Jacob the newly discovered genetic father with paternal commitments in an Indian orphanage . The newly discovered daughter who moons over him despite 18yrs of happy bonding with a surrogate father of her own . Jacob who moons over her . Helen 's the mother torn because the father should n't have told the daughter . . I do n't have the time for these type of lost genetic re-unions as the catharsis strikes me as nothing more than self indulgent projection and wishful thinking . There is enough evidence that children deeply consider the parent/s they grew up with the real ones and the genetic one no more than a curiosity . Even the daughter switches back sides leaving Jacob looking like an anomalyThat said this an appealing film for people attracted by domestic/family dramas . Its well made scripted and acted and does n't degenerate into soap opera.However Mads Mickkelsen sticks out like a very sore thumb as mis-cast in this film . There is no chemistry or likely compatability with the mother ever . He 's a washed up loner who is reached by orphans . A lost soul who becomes a found soul if a lost orphan needs him . Once again I cant see he ever had a mutual attraction with Helene the staid pretty domestic goddess / mother in the film . Or the inherant emotional empathy to instantly bond with a girl-stranger despite a genetic dart.The plot re-casts him into an executive role which somehow cheers up the mis-casting but this role was made for a more daily looking guy who becomes transformed into superman by the executive role thrust upon him.Mythic in Valhalla Rising . Mean and dark in Casino Royale or Flame and Citroen . Its not a matter of being brainwashed by having him seen him cast in other roles . He is a distraction to this charming then moving drama because he looks like a wolf in sheep 's clothing . Or something from Red Riding Hood . '' Grand-ma what big TEETH you have ! !!!!!!!!! '' ...
 I was n't sure how much I was going to like the movie . The plot sounded intriguing , but with subtitles ... . Not only did the subtitles along with some English dialogue flow very well together , I almost found myself unaware of the subtitles . With that detail out of the way , the movie itself and the acting were superb . I am so glad I experienced it .
 I must say I am enjoying being an Amazon Prime member and watching exceptional IFC films such as this one . This movie was totally engaging . I loved the clash of cultures depicted where Jacob ran an orphanage in India but had to travel to Denmark . In Denmark , he visited a billionaire 's family on their estate which looked like a place where titled countrymen would live . This was a business trip to apply for a large donation to Jacob 's orphanage . He gets a lot more than he bargained for when he is invited to attend the billionaire 's daughter 's wedding . I love a movie that grips me from start to finish , and that is what happened here . There is a wealth of emotion , suspense and beauty from the Danish location . I was n't expecting such a rich experience when I happened upon this film . It makes me want to forgo the mainstream Hollywood theatrical films and further explore indie films . When I used IFC as a search criteria there were quite a few Prime eligible Instant Amazon Videos . I am looking forward to the journey that these unique films take me on .
 This movie is fantastic . I am a 31 year old male from the united states . It made me cry . A family movie .
 Very good acting . Very emotional . I empathized with every character ! I was very impressed with the the actors and writers , who weaved the story in a way that we were kept on edge wondering with the characters , what was going on .
 I usually do n't like foreign films because I obviously do n't understand them and it 's quite difficult to get into the story line when you are trying to read the words . I have to say this movie was a great movie , my favorite part was the storyline . It actually made sense and was deep . Totally enjoyed it !
 I was not really sure what this film was about , but I gave it a try . It had rich twists in the plot . My opinion of a film depends on how much I think about it later . This film made me think about what love is in this messed up world of imperfect people . I 'd recommend watching this . I wish more American films had the depth of this one .
 This movie has a wonderful and fully devloped story that reveals itself slowly during the first part of the film . It is filled with family drama , sexual tension , and one mans deep love for his family when he knows he is dying . Well worth the long movie time , and being dubbed in English -LRB- I am American and do n't speak Danish -RRB- . I am still thinking about it today , after watching it yesterday evening .
 Really worth watching it . Director showed both the value of a life and fragrance of love through a single shot .
 I would love to describe my feelings about this movie but I ca n't , I 'm still under great emotion.We watch this movie with my wife without stopping it .
 Superb editing style , massive contrast between dynamic characters and an absolute must see . I am really inspired by the filmmakers and overall the film really teaches you what unconditional love looks like in a material world . Loved it .
 No one is perfect ! This is reality . This is life!This movie brings you through a couple of unexpected twists and turns , but completely realistic and completely possible in real life.Its about love between father and daughter , love between husband and wife , love between old-frames ... It is particularly moving when I saw how the multi-millionaire tried to bring happiness to his family , beyond his own life ... . Very touching indeed !
 This movie is absolutely amazing . Stunningly shot , beautiful , heart-wrenching . Such a wonderful story of human kindness , courage , and love . I never write movie reviews , but I could n't not recommend this work of art to everyone !
 Great film . Interesting narrative that is easy to follow . The story of a past love reintroduced and how a twenty year gap has effected those involved . A new family is melded as the original partners story is revealed . Beautifully shot and cast .
 Beautifully made film with excellent acting . The film moves at a brisk pace without a single wasted scene . The denouement is both heart-wrenching and redemptive . Highly recommended .
 great movie in all . I was impressed and watch it again and again . the acting and the story is great and my husband love it and our friend too .
 This movie is quite a gem . Not the usual American fare , very refreshing and well told story . I gave it five stars because I could n't give it six !
 for months now ive been looking at this in my queue . after waiting so long i finally watched it ... what took me so long . one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time . great acting . great plot . a must-see !
 Great , emotionally charged movie with the best acting and directing . The script is dynamic and smart . What a treat ! Will see other movies by Susan Bier .
 Interesting example of a film with a great plot , a great script , terrific acting ... and yet terrible direction.I was only able to get through this film the second time round because of the director 's exasperating obtrusiveness -LRB- e.g. , hundreds of gratuitous CUs -RRB- , but boy does it pack a punch , if you can look past that . By the end of the film , the characters have been raked through the coals and the viewer feels he has gone on a meaningful , harrowing journey right along with them . This was also a critics ' favorite in the year it appeared.The plot concerns a man who attends a wedding only to find out that the bride is a daughter he had n't even known he had.And as if the director 's cold yet pretentious style is n't enough , you should in addition bring a barf bag
 This movie is a must see . I have not seen a better movie in many years .
 Beautiful film , excellent acting . The story transports you to other worlds to experience the full gamut of emotions . These are real people with real issues , another example of life being stranger than fiction , as portrayed in a film . Hope there 's a Part II . : -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this movie ! I have never watched a Danish movie before but it caught my attention and I am glad it did ! Powerful movie filled with both loss and love .
 Watched this one on a whim , and was pleasantly surprised . A captivating story that takes you by surprise . Such good acting and a great journey that takes you along on the ride . Highly recommended .
 This is a powerful movie . It starts out slowly , mainly focusing on a man , Jacob , whom for the first half of the movie I did not like . He was too self-focused and abrasive . As the movie starts , Jacob is working in an orphanage in India , but is called to Norway by a multi-millionaire , Jorgen , who says he will donate money to the orphanage . When Jacob meets with Jorgen , Jorgen procrastinates and says he is still considering and invites Jacob to attend his daughter 's wedding the next day . At the wedding Jacob meets Jorgan 's wife , whom he recognizes as someone he knew many years ago . And thus the story begins.This movie is superbly directed by Susanne Bier , who has directed several highly noted movies centering on how families behave during crisis situations , like `` Brothers '' , about interactions between two brothers when one is sent to the war in Afghanistan , and `` In a Better World '' that won the 2011 Academy Award for best foreign film.After the wedding is subtle in some ways , obvious in others ; but it will demand your attention and engage your emotions the whole way . I do n't know if it will have you squirming in your seat , as one reviewer says , but he is correct when he says you will be unsettled . The movie has strongly affecting visceral elements and I found myself thinking about different segments days later . The movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 2007 , but lost out to `` The Lives of Others '' , another outstanding film .
 Just love Danish films , After the Wedding is highly recommend . I have watched Mads in Prague also , and he is excellent . I am currently trying hoping to get Amazon to stream Open Hearts , which also gets high reviews .
 I have n't cried during a movie in a very long time . This movie made me cry . It was moving . One of the few movies that I 've purchased recently that has been worth the price . Just a great movie .
 Great acting by all , love all the characters and the story , a real love story . Watching the deleted scenes and listening to the director interview really fills in the whole story and adds to the character motives . I enjoyed the spoken Danish . I 'll enjoy watching it many times .
 After The Wedding is filmed , realized , created , and gifted to us from Susanne Bier -LRB- In a Better World -RRB- . She is a master artist . The cinematography and editing are 7 stars on a scale of 5 . Mads Mikkelsen -LRB- Casina Royale -RRB- gives us a show stopping , honest performance . He is tapped by countless international productions for his incredible skill and unique overall persona/image . He is an actor who carries his weight on screen . He is this man he portrays . His actions and movement on screen are incredible . He acts without words.Rolf Lassgrd -LRB- Swedish Wallander Movies -RRB- blew me away with his portrayal of Jrgen Lennart Hannson , a Swede tycoon in Denmark . For me , I love the Swedish actor , speaking Swedish against one of its two sister languages Danish . It is something enjoyable to me for reasons I can not explain here . This role was far from what I have seen him portray . He nailed it.Sidse Babett Knudsen also threw down in this work of art . Stine Fischer Christensen proved that she is a young actress worthy of her European acclaim . Stine steals our hearts and the later part of the film with a tear jerker scene.Susanne Bier is a master artist . I understand why Hollywood called on her for `` Things We Lost in the Fire '' , a film which has her touch , on a smaller scale . I felt that Halle Berry was the weak link as an actor . Also Fire was missing something.I was not happy with a development later in the film . The development makes the story tick . Blame the writer.I felt that the overall artistic beauty , lovely direction , and top grade acting make this a no brainer as a 5 star work.After the Wedding deserved its nomination for best foreign film at the 2006 Academy Awards .
 This is a splendid and emotionally complex film . There are quite a few unexpected turns in it.A synopsis is available , so I wo n't bother giving one . For those who are emotionally aware , mature and flexible , I highly recommend this film.Good for fathers with daughters .
 For once , a film coming from a north european country that is neither unhealthy nor perverse.Suzanne Bier is a wonderful director as she proved in two of my favorite films `` Things we lost in the fire '' and `` Brothers '' .
 Jacob , doing humanitarian work at an Indian children 's refuge , -LRB- the erstwhile `` Casino Royale '' villain , Mads Mikkelsen -RRB- does n't know what to think when his superior tells him that a prospective benefactor -LRB- Rolf Lassgard in a heart wrenching performance as Jorgen -RRB- requires Jacob to return , after twenty years , to Denmark so that the refuge can receive a huge donation . So as much as Jacob dislikes the idea , and at this point we know not why , he returns to Denmark in Susanne Bier 's remarkable , emotionally charged , sometimes even overwrought `` After the Wedding . `` Bier has composed this film in much the same way as a Verismo opera
 ` After the Wedding , ' Denmark 's `` Best Foreign Picture '' nominee for the Academy Awards has a lot going for it . Even if there is a soap opera feel to the scenes and the story , the quality is head and shoulders above any serial . Not to mention the fact we get six months of development in one movie . Solid performances , and camera shots that capture every revealing reaction give the story a magnetic interest.The film begins in India where Jacob Pedersen -LRB- Mads Mikkelson -RRB- works with the impoverished . He feels at home with the children , but he goes back to Denmark to raise funds for the orphanage and get reacquainted with his family . At home his former love Helene -LRB- Sidse Babett Knudsen -RRB- has married a tycoon , Jorgen Hanson -LRB- Rolf Lassgard -RRB- , someone Jacob is able to solicit funding with ease . Once they meet , he is invited to their daughter 's wedding . Much like ` Rumor Has It ' with far less laughs , yet more substantive development , Jacob finds out at the reception that he has more at stake at home than he previously thought . From there he is reattached to deceptive Helene , and both must sort out the bitter resentment they feel for one another . -LRB- Did he have one affair as he says or was he the philanderer by her account ? -RRB- Toasting her mother and step-father at the wedding , the bride Anna -LRB- Stine Fischer Christensen -RRB- later comes to grip with life-changing information in her own life.Skillfully sorting out the relationships and priorities of the key players , ` After the Wedding , ' presents a bitter-sweet story with memorable characters and interesting circumstances . One of the merits of the film is how it defines poverty in India and compares it with a different kind of impoverishment for the wealthy . Jorgan 's problems would n`t make us trade places with him for the world . Similarly , one of the boys at the orphanage reminds Jacob that he does n't even like the wealthy . Another ironically says , `` If I were rich , I 'd be happy . '' Watching everyone come to grips with their lives and barter for stability make ` After the Wedding ` a revealing family portrait .
 Early on in Susanne Bier 's Oscar Nominated -LRB- Best Foreign Film 2006 -RRB- film `` After The Wedding '' , Danish expat-in-India Jacob -LRB- the solid Mads Mikkelsen -RRB- is faced with the prospect of reluctantly returning to his homeland after twenty years to meet with a mysterious man who is offering the necessary funding to keep his school/orphanage open . When explaining to Pramod -LRB- his adopted son-of-sorts -RRB- that he must leave , the precocious eight year old asks about the wealth of people in Denmark and finally concludes , `` If I was rich , I 'd be happy . `` Soon after , when we delve deeply into the lives of the proposed benefactor and his family , we see that this proclamation certainly does not apply to all people . Or , at the very least , it definitely does not apply to billionaire Jorgen -LRB- the authoritative Rolf Lassgard -RRB- or his family.Although it seems like it might at first . The jump from the teeming Indian squalor to the lush green Danish countryside almost jarringly illustrates the contrast of cultures -LRB- and that contrast is definitely underscored by patriarch Jorgen blasting `` It 's Raining Men '' in his SUV -RRB- ; the disparity between the Third World and the First World is indeed extreme -LRB- the difference is Two Worlds , by the way - I did the math -RRB- . It 's quite comical to see Jacob , upon arrival , trying to adjust to the cushy confines of the hotel where Jorgen houses him , as he ca n't figure out how to work the electronic amenities.When Jacob finally meets with Jorgen , his pitch is given short shrift by the busy billionaire
 AFTER THE WEDDING -LRB- EFTER BRYLLUPPET -RRB- -LRB- A + -RRB- I was just coming off my euphoric high from `` The Lives of Others , '' a Cold War era story of self-discovery and redemption in the desperately paranoiac last years of the East German Stasi , when along comes an exquisite Danish film about reconnecting lives , second chances , and noble deeds called `` After the Wedding , '' written and directed by Susanne Bier , that all but left me hyperventilating . Both films are as freehanded and frank as they are forgiving while penetrating with astute precision the flawed , enigmatic , but accessible souls that populate their narratives . Both explore the murky issues of power , trust , self-interest , honor , morality , and spirituality . Without sentimentality or the manipulation of our responses , both end on an upbeat , if uncertain note of hopefulness . `` After the Wedding '' is often extraordinary for what is left unsaid -- Bier , with 20-20 vision of her story and its implications , believes in an economy of words and the generous use of camera close-ups to capture nuances in expression , gesture , mannerism , and body language , as her characters have stirring encounters with one another . Of course , that approach takes for granted the keen insights and instincts of her actors and how fully invested they are in their roles . Those assumptions are never in doubt with the cast of `` After the Wedding , '' which is headed by Mads Mikkelsen as Jacob Petersen , a rugged , hands-on humanitarian and , in some cases , surrogate father , who administers a food-aid program for orphaned children in India.The promise of a windfall gift from a wealthy Copenhagen industrialist named Jorgen -LRB- Rolf Lassgard -RRB- that will underwrite construction of an orphanage takes Jacob back to his native soil for somewhat delicate negotiations . There are terms and conditions to iron out before the transfer of funds can be implemented , so Jacob is obliged to be obliging to his benefactor for a few days . As it happens , the wedding of Jorgen 's only daughter Anna coincides with Jacob 's stay , and the affable billionaire is graciously adamant that Jacob attend , though our hero is clearly more at home with grit than glitz.Just after the ceremony itself , Jacob encounters a coincidental and shocking link with his past and , later , a stunning revelation about the present , that saddles him with a potentially life-altering dilemma . What follows is an urgent and deeply affecting melodrama , in its most distinguished form , that explores with brilliant clarity and aching humanity the yin and yang of allegiances , moral ambiguities , and , in the end , a decision that tests the mettle of a man torn between two callings.Mikkelsen , seen for the first time by most American moviegoers as the villain Le Chiffre in last year 's James Bond prequel , `` Casino Royale , '' is a magnetic actor , in the mold of Clive Owen , Gerard Butler , Christian Bale , and Russell Crowe , who commands the screen with his ideally constructed frame , chiseled cheekbones , and wide eyes that peer icily and inscrutably , probe menacingly , and well up tenderheartedly as befits a complex character haunted by a less-than-impeccable past and confronted with having to make intelligent judgments and agonizing choices that will change the entire landscape of his future.But `` After the Wedding '' is almost as much Lassgard 's film , as he transitions from impregnable corporate mogul with appearances of ulterior magnanimity to gentle giant in the ultimate state of vulnerability . He has a scene near the end of `` After the Wedding '' that 's as exhaustively heart-rending as any I 've seen on film.Like `` The Lives of Others , '' `` After the Wedding '' was an entry in last year 's Oscar sweepstakes for Best Foreign Language Film , but was n't placed in general U.S. release until the first quarter of 2007 . They 'll be tough competition for the wave of late year entries that usually dominate my `` Dazzling Dozen . ''
 This film was rightfully nominated for the Academy Award . It is a story of a Danish man living in self exposed exile in India . One is wondering if his charity work in orphanage is his life 's calling , or a character 's way of punishing oneself for life choices made long ago . As money for the orphanage is dwindling , the benefactor appears offering financial help . But like every charity , this one has a catch too . Scenes from having main character Jacob return from Indian subcontinent to Europe show his displacement in the world he originated from . It is obvious that he has been away for too long and everything , from his beautiful , tanned face to the suit he is wearing looks awkward in his new surrounding . It feels as if he almost wishes to leap back to India and his familiar surroundings in orphanage . And from this point on , story starts developing with surprises on every step along the way . Emotional intensity keeps building and building . I have not seen a movie so powerful like this one since `` Barbarian Invasions '' . This is a story of redemption , love , forgiveness and new beginings . And like most of those things , it comes wih a high price ...
 Principles , honor , the poor and the rich , out-of-wedlock children , love affairs . The ingredients of a stupid , banal soap opera are all there.But to all this you have to add great direction -LRB- especially beautiful the many close-ups -RRB- and masterful and touching acting . I found the performances of Mads Mikkelsen , Sidse Babett Knudsen and Stine Fischer Christensen particularly compelling . All of them play their parts as if they were truly living their lives . They behave as real people could behave in such stressful and unsettling circumstances as the ones depicted in this movie . Moral issues are dealt without easy judgments , and different viewers will likely read the characters and their choices in different ways.A very good movie that will make you think and feel , artfully directed , and wonderfully acted . My congratulations to all involved .
 Completely captivating and amazing . When I saw the movie I knew nothing about it and I am glad otherwise the plot would have been ruined . So , I wo n't say anything about the plot.This is a movie that enfolds little by little as the viewer , and the characters , begin to learn what is going on . I simply ca n't express how much I loved this movie . It was very well done , the story was captivating and the actors ' performances were engaging , completely believable and simply superb.The film is very well edited , the camera angles used were essential to getting to know the characters . Everything in this film is amazing . It is one engaging film , from beginning to end.The DVD has very few Special Features . But , be sure to watch the deleted scenes . They are preceded by an interview with the director explaining why each of them was cut out of the film .
 A previous reviewer calls ` After the Wedding ' a tale of ` stupendous coincidence . ' I love that phrase . Indeed , that 's what the key event in this movie feels like . The thing is , though , it 's simply not the case . Over time , we learn and see that Rolf Lassgrd 's Jrgen is anything but a man to leave things to coincidence . The viewer is let in to slowly see his charm , his shrewdness , his business acumen ... and the little scheme he 's put into play between his family and Jacob , as portrayed by Mads Mikkelsen -LRB- ` Le Chiffre ' to ` Casino Royale ' fans -RRB- . As for Mikkelsen , what can I say ? He 's Denmark 's George Clooney , Brad Pitt and Matt Damon , all rolled into one . The guy can act , too . You 'll see the phrase ` soap opera ' used on these pages . In the hands of lesser actors , yes . But not with Mikkelsen and Lassgrd - their performances are what landed this film on this year 's Oscar nominee list . -LSB- As good as it is , no way it was going to win out over ` The Lives of Others ' - to me , that 's the best single film of the decade so far . -RSB-
 It fires on all engines and pulls you right in!Compassionate , heart-wrenching , happy and sad at once , this incredible story will resound within long after the credits roll by at the end.It 's keenly raw , honest , and emotionally intense .
 It is a five-start movie and I promptly purchased Susanne Beir 's previous release `` Brothers '' , which also is a five-star movie right after I saw this film . I prefer movies with a good humanistic storyline rahter than the razzmatazz sort that my homeland -- USA , Hollywood -- produces.The story begins in India where a Swedish gentleman redeems himself running an orphanage in India that is in dire need of finincial help . It comes from a fellow countrymen billionaire who would like to check his character and plans before he will afford a very ripe gift . The story continues into a twist of lost loves , integrity and pride , and the true meaning of kinship.I recommend this movie and others by this director . I only wish Hollywood would invest some of it mighty wealth towards meaningful movies such as this , that every one in the audience could question their own intentions and values and possibly redeem your life .
 ` After The Wedding ' is a wonderful Danish film . It gives us a range of emotions , and the acting is superb.Jacob , played by Mads Mikkelsen , manages an orphanage in India . He and his group are looking for funding to keep the orphanage afloat . He gets word that a man with influence and money wants to see him before he will give money to the orphanage . Jacob reluctantly returns to Denmark . Here he meets Jergen , played by Rolf Lasagard , who wants to be his benefactor . This man has power , too much money and Jacob is not impressed . It appears that Jergen wants to think about the funding over the weekend , in the meantime , he invites Jacob to his daughter 's wedding . This is where the film takes off . At the church Jacob recognizes Jergen 's wife , Helena . Helena , played by Sidse Babett Knudsen , is shocked to see Jacob - we understand right away that they had a relationship . During the wedding and reception , we come to also understand that Jacob is probably the father of the bride . This is quite a soap opera . However , this is only the beginning . Jergen has plans , and as the film evolves we see that instead of the ogre , he may have planned something . He is not thhe uncaring man , he seems to be . Jergen has a scene that is masterful and one of the best I have seen . ` After The Wedding ' shows us what sacrifice is all about . Jacob for his orphans and Jergen for his family . This is a film that shows the difference between classes and the goodness in people . The acting by all is admirable . Afterall , we are told tht charity begins at home.Highly Recommended . prisrob 11-30-11Valhalla Rising -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000JLQQ58 Proof
 I do n't want to give away too much details about the movie . All I want to say is , def watch this movie . . : -RRB-
 Fantastic movie ! Would reccommend to anyone that does n't mind reading subtitles and even those who do mind it . Some of the movie is even in English !
 How can a story with a wedding , a reuniting and a humanitarian be dark and depressing ? In that wonderful Danish film way , that 's how . There were moments I thought I knew exactly where this movie was going . I was wrong . No tidy endings -- and no dismissing it as solely bleak either . Once again , Mads Mikkelson leads a strong cast in a story that lets us see how the same man can be both strong and weak , both caring and distant . A compelling film with the ability to make a person think about the meanings of family , obligation and relationships .
 This is simply a great film -- hands down . Felt very real -- almost like a documentary . Took me a long time to warm up to the main character , but I got to like him by the end . I guess that was the point of the film -- just because someone is doing charity work in a foreign land does not mean he is without faults . Also , sometimes your good works are needed more by those who are `` rich '' than those in third world countries .
 I truly respect director Susanne Bier for not conforming to the types of films society often embraces but actually really working to create something that feels real and pure within her work . Even in her English speaking film ` Things We Lost in the Fire ' she never shied away from presenting the audience with something uncomfortable if she knew it was ` real ' . Of all her work , I feel that ` Efter Brylluppet ' is her best.We all know the term ` misery loves company ' and if you 've read my reviews long enough to know the types of films I often indulge you 'd know that that phrase can be applied to my preferred entertainment choice . I love a film that can move me to tears and tear me down because it produces something real in me ; a real emotional connection to the material . Thus , the film becomes something so much more than just ` entertainment ' ; it becomes a part of my soul . ` Efter Brylluppet ' is not that depressing but it does produce something in me , something raw and unforgettable . The film filters through so many emotions on screen and it elicits so many emotions off screen . It 's such a well rounded emotional rollercoaster and I love that about it . You can feel something for every character , but what makes this movie so amazing is that you feel so many different things about each character . There is no designated villain , no designated hero , no designated victim . Everyone is all of the above at one time or another and thus each and every character becomes so much more than just a ` character ' , they become human.The film tells the story of Jacob , a man working in an orphanage in Bombay . When funds run low and he becomes desperate he travels to Copenhagen to meet with a wealthy man offering to ` consider ' his orphanage for a large donation . The catch is that he must stay and attend the man 's daughter 's wedding . It turns out that this man , Jorgen , is married to Jacob 's ex-girlfriend Helene who happens to have bore her daughter , Anna , out of wedlock . If you are n't following then I 'll put it a little blunter.It appears that Jacob may actually be Anna 's father.This is the immediate surprise , but it is not the only one , in this masterfully crafted weep fest by Bier . Each character has so much to say , and each and every word seems to help complete and or flesh out the person next to them . Each person is so connected and reliant on those around them . ` Efter Brylluppet ' exposes the beautiful side of human connection ; trust me.The acting here is also outstanding from everyone involved . Mads Mikkelsen is wonderfully controlled as Jacob , allowing his eyes to expose what his character is always trying to conceal . I also really loved what Rolf Lassgard did with the character of Jorgen . He takes this man and creates someone who appears one thing , so mysterious and someone guarded , and exposes his secret in such a desperate and crushingly realistic way . It 's a beautiful -LRB- and heartbreaking -RRB- transformation . As great as the two men are , Sidse Babett Knudsen is even better . As Helene , she really has to carry a lot of the emotional weight of the film -LRB- it was her cross to bear -RRB- and she does so with such raw connection and flawless control.Such a stunning performance.So , to bring us back to my initial statement , about ` misery loving company ' and all that . The reason I brought that up is because , as some of you know , I love films that embellish the miseries in life . I often find that a films ` happy ending ' is a falsity and that it takes away from the gritty realities I like to see in my cinema . What is so beautiful about ` Efter Brylluppet ' is that I turned my whole opinion on its head . This is a film that , yes , focuses on some of life 's miseries , but the end result is something so beautifully complete that it sparked in me a realistic idea of hope . No , the ending is not all roses and candy , but it lessens the bleak with a believable display of picking up , moving on and doing the right thing .
 **** 2006 . Story and direction by the Danish director Susanne Bier . Nominated for the Academy award in the Best Foreign Language Film category . Jacob Pederson manages an orphanage in Bombay , India . Now , he has to fly home to Denmark in order to meet a potential donor who 's also his former girlfriend 's husband . With a twirling camera , inherited from the Dogma artistic movement , Susanne Bier handles a very interesting theme
 A Danish orphanage worker outside Mumbai , India , is summoned home to receive a large donation from a wealthy industrialist in this intensely acted 2006 drama that seamlessly melds Douglas Sirk 's hyperbolic melodramas with Ingmar Bergman 's more austere sensibilities . Directed with panache by Susanne Bier , the result is really an involving soap opera given greater texture and surprising plot turns by Anders Thomas Jensen ' dexterous screenplay . 2006 was obviously a fertile year for world cinema as this emotionally vibrant film competed against Guillermo del Toro 's Gothic fairy talePan 's Labyrinthand the winner , Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck 's Cold War thrillerThe Lives of Others , for the 2006 Best Foreign Language Film Oscar.The story 's protagonist is Jacob Peterson , a taciturn man dedicated to the orphanage he runs in India , so much so that coming back to Denmark holds little interest for him other than securing the funding he needs from a multinational corporation headquartered in Copenhagen . The seemingly avuncular CEO Jrgen Hansson just wants to shake Jacob 's hand for his humanitarian work . When Jacob arrives , however , it becomes clear that Jrgen has n't quite made up his mind about the gift much to Jacob 's consternation . It seems like a good omen when Jrgen invites Jacob to his daughter Anna 's lavish wedding at his palatial home , but then Jacob meets Jrgen 's comely wife Helene , who turns out to have known Jacob years before . The story peels off one revelation after another , sometimes with subtlety and other times with the forceful contrivance of a sledgehammer . Each of the major story developments hinges on a secret that a principal character is forced to reveal , most often with devastating consequences.Looking a bit like Viggo Mortenson 's recessive brother , Mads Mikkelsen -LRB- almost unrecognizable as the nasty banker Le Chiffre inCasino Royale -RRB- portrays Jacob with haunting power , though sometimes the character is presented too elliptically for Mikkelsen to flesh out effectively . For instance , we do n't get a deep sense of his inner struggle over saving thousands of children in India since he lets his pride stand in the way when it becomes convenient to the plot . Rolf Lassgard manages to capture the bluster and increasing desperation of a man used to having his way but unable to cope with the inevitable . When his character 's motivations are slowly revealed , his performance starts to unravel into excess , especially in a no-holds-barred breakdown scene toward the end . As the wife with the complicated past , Sidse Babett Knudsen is genuinely affecting , as is Stine Fischer Christensen as the waif-like daughter caught in the middle.Bier 's idiosyncratic filmmaking style can be seen in the unexpected jump cuts and the heavy use of close-ups on the actors ' eyes during the most tense and cathartic moments . The 2007 DVD is sparse on extras . Neither a commentary track nor a making-of featurette are included , but there is a reasonably insightful twenty-minute interview with Bier conducted by Danish film critic Morten Piil . Also included are the theatrical trailer and eight deleted scenes which Bier explains to Piil were cut because they either detracted from the main storyline or made a redundant plot point with little additional benefit . Looking at them after seeing the film , I would agree with her assessment . It 's a very well crafted piece of work and certainly provides enough dramatic fireworks and moments of true insight to make this worthwhile viewing despite the occasional plot contrivance .
 This is a story about a mans ultimate gift to his beloved wife . A rich man is confirmed to be dying , and he arranges for his wife 's former lover to reappear from his Mother Teresa-like existance in an India orphanage , teeming with despair , and caring for young children who are not as fortunate as their outside brethren . He had that sort of mindset when he is beckoned by one of his wealthiest benefactors , and he must go , despite his young friend 's intrepidation . After meeting with the benefactor , he is invited to the man 's daughter 's wedding . It is here that the plot thickens , for he sees his long lost lover is the wife of the wealthy benefactor . Beyond that , the math puts the daughter to be his.The acting by all players is genuine and believable . Well directed and a very pleasing movie to own or rent .
 Social worker -LRB- Mikkelsen -RRB- runs an orphanage in India but must return to his home in Denmark to meet a wealthy industrialist who is interested in funding one of his projects . He arrives in Copenhagen just as the rich man 's daughter is about to be married . At the man 's insistence Mikkelsen attends the ceremony and during the wedding he makes a shocking discovery . This is one of the most interesting and intelligent dramas I 've ever seen . An extremely well acted film that makes you realize the impact your decisions can have in other people 's lives .
 This subtitled Danish film give us an enjoyably nuanced and intruiging story of life and morality among attractive and successful people undergoing serious life crises . Many interesting twists contribute to suspense and poignancy . On the other hand , I really could have done without the artsy camera work and vertigo-inducing visual sweeps .
 One of the best movies I have seen for a long while - quite an extraordinary story - one of the most moving I have seen as in some respects it is so believable - nothing is overdone here , and the twists in the plot come thick and fast . All Suzanne Bier 's films are good - The Brothers/Open Heart are two recent ones very much worth watching - but this is even better . Watch it .
 I saw the previews for this movie while waiting for my main feature it seemed interesting so I remembered the title and I am so glad I did . Excellent story , excellent acting without it be overdramatized . I will add this to my collection .
 One wonders why Hollywood ca n't or doesnt make films like this anymore . Set in the beautiful Danish language , this story is very complex and well thought out . It had many twists and turns and you were left in suspense to how it would end until the very end . If you 're a guy who doesnt like to cry in front of ladies , then better watch this alone . There is a scene in there that would grip any man by the trhoat and make him tear up -- its unavoidable !! I am so glad I have this in my collection . For people who like serious drama , this is an `` absolute must have '' !!
 Flawless ... great movie with lots of heart and a beautiful perspective . Thoughtful story line that makes life hit home ! Enjoy !
 do n't let the bad cover art fool you . I saw this in the theaters and bought it immediately when it came out on DVD . A powerful film . To say any more to be to give it away .
 Very human , very well made , very touching without being overdramatic . GREAT performances . A wonderful surprise for everyone who is not only into the big hollywood productions
 Mads Mikklesen delivers a wonderful performance in After the Wedding . After the Wedding has a simple concept but it 's anything but simple minded . Sussane Bier gets great performances from all her actors and the result is one of the best movies of 06 ' .
 Director Susanne Bier , Best Screenplay writers Susanne Bier and Anders Thomas Jensen , Best Actor Rolf Lassgrd , Best Actress Sidse Babett Knudsen , and a few other supporting and camera work nominations would not surprise me . I will be disappointed if they are not rewarded for the talent and intelligence evident in this film . After the Wedding is so honestly human that it does indeed break your heart . Happily it also hands you hope , a little laughter , and moments of tender warmth and love .
 It would be a shame to spill the story of this movie ! Other reviewers have callously done so ; do n't read them ! The artistic triumph of After The Wedding is the slow revelation of plausibility and motivation where at first there seems to be only implausible coincidence and random behavior.It 's a sad movie with scenes of genuine love . If you automatically find sadness just a synonym for depression , you wo n't like it . Is it a melodrama ? Perhaps , but it probes far deeper into the emotional cores of its four main characters than any melodrama I 've seen since Bergman.Is it a pleasure to watch ? I found it so , chiefly for the riveting performances of the actors , especially Rolf Lassgard as Jorgen , whose actions are pivotal in the lives of the others . The cinematography is also truly skillful ; each visual has emotional weight . Mainly , I confess , my pleasure came from watching virtuosic acting and directing for a rare change , rather than from the content of the film .
 This is one of few films I 've seen that has such a perfect combination of acting , script , photography ... story . It is intelligent in a way very few films are , and treats the viewer with the respect to draw their own conclusions about this complex moral/ethical/cultural dilemma . Like real life , it shows the four-dimensionality of existence . For me as a Scandinavian-American , every emotional note rang true . Wonderful movie .
 `` After the Wedding '' was nominated for a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar in 2007 and is directed by Susanne Bier -LSB- whose other credits include Brothers -RSB- . The story centers on human relationships , and the tangled webs that connect one individual to another , as well as family ties.Jacob -LSB- Mads Mikkelsen , more familiar as the villain from Casino Royale -RSB- has devoted his time and many years to establishing humanitarian projects in India . He is told that the orphanage he is working in is running low on funds and is persuaded by the director of the orphanage to return to Denmark to negotiate a possible deal , a large donation from a prominent businessman . When Jacob arrives in Denmark , he meets Jorgen -LSB- Rolf Larsson -RSB- who seems almost uninterested in the details about the orphanage and does n't give an immediate answer as to whether he will bail out the orphanage . Jorgen then insists that Jacob attend Jorgen 's daughter 's wedding , and Jacob reluctantly agrees.At the wedding , Jacob is stunned to discover that Jorgen 's wife is Helene , a woman from Jacob 's past . Soon after this meeting , the drama escalates , as Jacob begins to feel he is some sort of pawn in a game orchestrated by Jorgen . Needless to say , all is not as it seems and Jacob questions Jorgen 's motives , as does Helene.There are plenty of twists and turns in this movie , and at times , it does appear contrived , but the excellent acting , especially by the actors playing Jorgen , Jacob and Helene , as well as the assured direction elevates this movie above a regular melodrama . There are some truly poignant moments that had me all weepy , but this is after all a drama about human frailties and the complex ties that bind people to one another.The DVD comes with extra features such as a 2006 interview with the director -LSB- in Danish -RSB- , 8 deleted scenes , and an eight-min featurette that has a movie critic discussing the deleted scenes with the director . Total running time is 1 hr 59 mins , and the language options are : Danish 5.1 Dolby DigitalEnglish SubtitlesSpanish SubtitlesEnglish Captions for the Deaf and Hard of HearingConclusion - excellent Danish drama with substance .
 **** 1/2From Denmark comes `` After the Wedding , '' an unusually rich and complex human drama , marked by superb performances , insightful writing , and stylish direction by Susanne Bier . Nominated by the Motion Picture Academy for Best Foreign Language Film of 2006 -LRB- but not released commercially in the U.S. until the following year -RRB- , this is one of the true unheralded movie gems of 2007 . Jacob -LRB- Mads Mikkelsen -RRB- is a dedicated social worker from Denmark whose orphanage in India has caught the eye of a Danish philanthropist named Jergen -LRB- Rolf Lassgard -RRB- , who summons the young man to Copenhagen to discuss his plan for donating a substantial sum of his own money to the project . While in the city , Jacob is invited to attend the wedding of Jergen 's adopted daughter , Anna , only to discover when he gets there that Jergen 's wife is , in reality , his old girlfriend , Helene , and that Anna might , in fact , be the child he never knew he had.With a screenplay by Bier and Anders Thomas Jensen , `` After the Wedding '' transcends the `` soap opera '' nature of its premise to become a deeply moving study of the compromises and sacrifices all of us are forced to make throughout the course of our lives . The characters the writers have come up with are admirably complex , credibly three-dimensional , and never all that easy to peg . With his somber , deeply lined face masking the emotional turmoil within , Mikkelsen gives a darkly brooding performance as a man who finds it easier to give of himself on a grand scale - i.e. , trying to save the world - than to make a meaningful connection with any single individual . Sidse Babette Knudson is poised and lovely as Jacob ` s deeply conflicted former lover and Jergen ` s wife , while Lassgard hits amazing dramatic heights as Jergen , who is , in many ways , the most enigmatic of the three main characters . For much of the film , we are left to ponder whether Jergen is a genuinely good man or merely a world-class manipulator who enjoys playing god with the lives of those around him . Finally , Stine Fischer Christensen delivers a deeply touching performance as the vulnerable young woman whose wedding serves as the catalyst for much of the drama . There are no heroes or villains in this piece , only flawed but well-meaning and believable individuals whom we come to care deeply about throughout the course of the film.In her direction , Bier brings a great deal of texture to the work , focusing on the subtle details of the scenes and boring into the very souls of the characters through intense close-up concentration on the actors ' pores and eyes . The music by Johan Soderqvist is subtle and haunting and adds tremendous flavor to the drama . `` After the Wedding '' is a beautiful film that sweeps us up in its story and characters and makes us intimate participants in the world it is showing us . It is both heartbreaking and thought-provoking in roughly equal measure - and what more could one ask of a movie ?
 This was such a beautiful film . Breathtaking ! The best part was watching it with my movie buddy Sandra Zhao ! I can not wait to see it again . I truly felt like the movie had taken me on a trip to Denmark . I have still not watched the Lives of Other 's which beat Pan 's Labyrinth and this movie for Best Foreign Film . Ca n't wait to see it .
 Other reviews here are spot-on and say everything I would want to say about this film . I wo n't make you read the same stuff all over again.Great movie and worth its 5-star rating .
 This was a wonderful film . It was well written , well directed , and well acted . But the film goes to Rolf Lassgard . I first saw him in the movie `` Under the Sun , '' and I did not recognize him as the same actor . He looked so entirely different . Although I somewhat enjoyed Under the Sun , I was disappointed in the script . However , this was a one-der-ful script . From start to finish , Rolf 's character was secretive , loveable , loving , and very funny . I loved the way he laughed , and he had the ability to break my heart . A genuine and award-winning performance by Rolf Lassgard !
 These are the first few words of the amazon.com product description
 The story is twisted and complicated and hopeful and redemptive . The acting is terrific . I 've been going through a Mads Mikkelsen moment ... he commands the screen no matter what movie he 's in . Soooooo worth your time .
 One of my favorite movies . The acting is perfect . The dialog is natural . The story is human and familiar to anyone who ever loved more than once . The cinematography conjures a dark and lush sub-arctic twilight that perfectly matches the maturity and dignity of the characters . This is a film about love and responsibility , honesty , courage and grief . It is haunting .
 Beautiful movie . I always admired Danish cinematography and this feature was the best so far . Fabulous set of very talented actors . I loved it and would definitely recommend it to everyone .
 what a wonderful movie for people that wants to watch how complications of life cam evolve into something that will will change your ideas for how YOU want things to be , and still be ok with . It could possibly happen in real life . bitter sweet . I cried but could also see the sweetness in how their lives completly changed pathways from how they thought it would be and how old roads ended up meeting again . It was all about life 's ups and downs and about the message of staying to telling the truth and how people cope with that . I enjoyed the movie .
 Loved this film.Acting from EVERYONE was excellent.Heart wrenching flick about just how precious our time with others is and how life has a way of working itself out , regardless of our own efforts to thwart that from happening.This is an intelligent movie and I highly recommend it .
 The accolades accorded to the two leading male actors in this movie are well deserved.What only slowly grew in my consciousness is the outstandingly nuanced performance by the actress Sidse Babett Knudsen , in her role as Jorgen Hansson 's wife Helene . I did not immediately recognize the varied dimensions of this finely nuanced performance , a hidden treasure which I only gradually realized through repeated , extended exposure , coupled with my increasing understanding of the underlying psychological dynamics which this actress 's film character may have been experiencing , and which this actress 's performance sought to convey - which she does with aplomb.Sidse Babett Knudsen 's acting is remarkable for another reason
 I kept seeing this title on Netflix , and keep steering away from it , as I was not pleased with a few movies I had seen from Sweden . But , I came across it in the `` A '' section of the library and picked it up . I was glad I did ; otherwise I would have missed out on such a wonderful and beautiful drama . It 's not really a love story , it 's a commitment to life , love for a family , and on one side , a deep love for children whose only family is the orphanage.The film draws you in slowly , first by its beauty from the happy faces at the orphanage , to the wealthy land and mansion of the super wealthy . The story moves , guides you , takes you on a journey , has you thinking about the plot , and slowly , you are drawn into the reality.With over two hours , it will keep you interested , wondering , deciding , and here see how a great storyline makes you think , accept , respond , only to offer something new to dwell on.Jacob Peterson , manager of an orphanage in India is summoned to Denmark to become a recipient of a monetary reward that will save the orphanage from financial ruin . As he arrives in the midst of a wedding , he discovers that conditions come with the gift.Anna , an old flame is married to the multi-millionaire now , raising a beautiful young daughter who wedding is taking place.This is my first Susanne Bier film , characters were believable ; storyline impressive , and the actors have done the characters justice . The film was nominated for numerous awards , including the 2006 Best Foreign Film , but it lost to the German film . . The Lives of Others ... After the Wedding is a remarkable film . ... Rizzo
 I enjoyed this film . Although a tear jerker , I thought the acting was well done and the script was well written .
 This is a perfect story of everything working out in the end . Im getting married and so decided to watch all the wedding movies I could find this did n't disappoint at all . It was great to watch a non-american film gives you an eye into other cultures .
 Great story line . The pacing of the plot was well thought out -LRB- sometimes rather predictable -RRB- but the actors really brought a sense of honesty .
 The issues involved in `` After the Wedding '' are so over the top as to be almost unbelievable . Still , director Susanne Bier has kept the events from being sappy melodrama.Without blabbing away too much of the plot , Jacob -LRB- Mads Mikkelson -RRB- runs an orphanage in India , in sad financial state , and is given an offer he ca n't refuse . He goes back to Denmark to meet his benefactor -LRB- Rolf Lassgard -RRB- , and here 's where loads of angst and deception develop . Turns out Jacob and the benefactor 's wife have history -LRB- young , baby-booming hippie lovers , at one time -RRB- . When invited to their daughter 's wedding , realizations happen and all hell breaks loose . Stine Fischer Christensen -LRB- as Anna , the daughter -RRB- is remarkable , and her mother , Helene -LRB- Sidse Babett Knudsen -RRB- is even better , letter-perfect . The benefactor , Jorgen , seems to have the upper hand , but as everything unfolds , true and honest characterizations develop . Ca n't say much more without giving away essential plot points , but I was riveted and highly entertained . The DVD extras are insightful , especially interviews with the director . The film is beautfully shot , and all the acting is excellent . I also enjoyed Christian Tafdrup , as the groom of the title-wedding . Nothing is ever as it seems , and revelations among the characters keep `` After the Wedding '' always interesting . The surprise Oscar nomination was well-deserved . Too bad it was n't promoted better in it 's American release . Very fine !
 I 'm being spoiled . First I see the beautiful , mature and delightful Mira Nair film `` The Namesake '' -LRB- in my top twenty with a bullet -RRB- - and now this peach ! What 's going on !! `` After The Wedding '' has a central performance from Mads Mikkelsen -LRB- the facially scared card-playing Le Chiffre in the superb `` Casino Royale '' -RRB- that is both riveting and Oscar worthy . He 's the kind of actor who can just stand there and whole worlds are expressed in his strangely compelling face - an instrument I 'm sure the director knew would have us hooked right from the get go . When Mads smiles , you smile , when he hurts - you hurt . When he 's on screen , he 's riveting , like say Gary Oldman is . And I can imagine , many women would n't mind looking at him either - long after the two hours of this is up!This Danish made movie opens with Jakob -LRB- Mads Mikkelsen -RRB- in an Indian orphanage - where he is distributing food from a truck , giving lessons in English in a shed of a building and generally holding it all together . But as always - lack of funds threathen imminent closure and the destitute children will be evicted out onto the harsh streets . He gets a phonecall from Denmark from Jorgen -LRB- Rolf Lassgard playing a millionaire businessman -RRB- with an offer of untold millions that will keep his orphanage open and indeed even help others . He seems reluctant to go and get this gift horse , but he has to . Jakob promises the adoring children that he 'll be back within a week and he wo n't let them down . But things change when he gets there.Attending the wedding of Anna -LRB- Jorgen 's daughter -RRB- , to his astonishment , Jakob recognises Jorgen 's wife - and she him - there 's been history . Without giving too much plot away - Jakob makes a staggering and life-changing discovery and also , slowly but surely , begins to understand Jorgen 's interest in wanting him back in Denmark.This is about family , loved ones , the preciousness of our kids , betrayal , bad mistakes made in the past , another chance given to redeem them now - all the best stuff - and although some of the performances are at times slightly ` over-the-top ' - the movie has heart - and you root for these people all the way to the end.The cast is uniformly excellent - especially Mikkelson and Lassgard - who 's rivalry and shared loves are beautifully and realistically handled . There were many scenes where tears willingly plopped out of my weary goggleboxes . And there 's superb complimentary music too.I loved this film - I really did . And I hope it will get the vast audience it deserves . Put it high on your rental lists .
 Phenomenal film that well-deserves all of the positive press I had heard about it . A story of stupendous coincidence as a Danish man running an orphanage in India returns to Copenhagen for the business end of a large donation . This movie so simply could have been a narrow and uncomplicated story but each moment peels another and yet another unexpected layer . The acting was absolutely marvelous as relatively pigeon-holed characters begin to blossom into more dynamic people . Sensational movie but the white subtitles are a real strain .
 This subtitled movie -LRB- though the scenes in India are in English -RRB- , is a very enjoyable look at the radically different lives that one man leads in India , and the Denmark he left behind . Mads Mikkelsen plays Jacob -LRB- with a ` c ' , it is noted -RRB- who helps run an orphanage in a desperately poor India . An offer comes in from a rich Dane , Jrgen , who is thinking of supporting the charity . Jacob promises to return in time to one of his charge 's , Pramod , birthday . He reluctantly leaves his life in India helping the children , puts on a suit , boards a well-appointed plane and gets a chauffeured ride to a luxury hotel . It 's as much of a culture shock as one can imagine.The rich Jrgen 's life is one filled with board meetings , a mansion , wealthy friends and relatives , every one of whom could make a difference in the poverty of India . However , there is a wedding to plan , with Jrgen 's daughter getting married to a young man of the firm.Several plot twists ensue that make Jacob question the purpose of his life , and which world he wants and needs to live in . It turns out his love and compassion is needed in both.Recommended .
 `` After the Wedding '' could be the best film I 've seen in a decade.And I say that even though I did n't see all of it -- like just about everyone else in that theater , for the entire last half hour I was afflicted by a bout of silent sobbing that would n't quit.I cherish that amazing , unforgettable experience
 Susan Bier 's film `` After the Wedding '' is the first of her work I 've seen . It is breathtaking . I 'm so glad it was nominated for an Oscar , although I wonder why a flock of other international nominations did not also occur . Mads Mikkelsen who gained recognition as the villain in the James Bond filmCasino Royale -LRB- 2-Disc Widescreen Edition -RRB- , does a good job with a tightly controlled performance as Jacob Peterson . Peterson works in an orphanage in India and then must fly back to his home country of Denmark to seek funds . Mikkelsen 's good looks and powerful spats with Helene show him to be an actor with depth and range . Rolf Lassgard 's Jorgan is well played with a powerful scene toward the end of the film . Jogan 's wife Helene is played by Sidse Babette Knudsen who does an excellent job , making believable the woman in this situation . Christian Tafdrup plays Christian , the groom at the wedding . His good looks make him a good choice ; and he shows his colors early on , which rapidly flare into his newlywed estrangement . Stine Fischer Christensen plays Anna , the daughter who must adjust to several paternal adjustments as well as a marital one . Neeral Mulchandani is charming as Pamrod who has been raised by Jacob in India . The film sparkles , constantly moving and developing the story until it reaches its conclusion . We have a sense of where life will go for all of the characters . I found this a breathtaking family drama , well worth seeking . Bravo !
 Hopefully , you have not read the above editorial review from Amazon.com . Frankly , the Amazon.com editorial review gives away too much from the film which is part of the pleasure in discovering the plot as it unravels . Anyways , this Danish film was nominated for Best Foreign Picture in 2006 but lost to an equally well-done German film , `` The Lives of Others '' . However , I feel that this film deserves credit with its writing/direction and wonderful acting cast . It is a surprise to see Mads Mikkelsen who you probably recognized from the latest James Bond 007 Film , `` Casino Royale '' . He actually shines quite nicely in this role.It 's difficult to describe the plot without giving too much away . But , I must say that there is a lot of care in slowly revealing the relationship between the main character , Jacob , and the other characters in the wedding . The film presents the happiness , despair , dreams , acheivements , failures , etc. in life which is pretty much like everyone 's life in general . We are faced with tough decisions in life and deal with it just like these characters . In the end , we just appreciate what we have and continue living . That 's the real charm of this movie which I think that everyone can appreciate from this film . No one is immune to life 's obstacles but we learn to deal with it one day at a time .
 It has been a long time since I was scared of writing a review , but this is one of those cases . This film is extraordinary , and therefore , I fear not being able to convey the extent of its qualities . Having said that , this is not a movie for everyone , since it develops at a slow pace and , in the typical fashion of Scandinavian movies , spends quite a bit of time contemplating the faces of the actors , in order to allow the viewer to understand their emotions . However , unless the pace is something that really bothers you , this is a movie that you can not afford to miss.Jacob is working in India helping homeless children , and in an effort to secure funds for his quest , sees himself forced to travel back home , to Denmark , to meet with the CEO of an important corporation . Upon his arrival , he meets this affable family man , Jorgen , who promptly asks him to stay over the weekend and attend his daughter 's wedding . When Jacob sees Jorgen 's wife , he realizes that he already knows her , and when a speech by the bride reveals unsettling information , things get complicated really fast . After that , emotions rise to the surface and we witness one of the most beautiful and moving stories I have seen in a long time.This film not only has a wonderful plot as a backbone , but also counts with an astounding cast , all of whom play their roles to perfection , and excellent cinematography . The use of the cameras , especially with close-ups of the eyes when emotional scenes are developing , works perfectly . As if this was not enough , the little I know about Scandinavian culture was proficiently presented . I attended a friend 's wedding in Sweden earlier this year and I was amazed at how similar this was to what they showed in the movie . I have always been a fan of Scandinavian productions , but this film is at a higher level than most . Simply brilliant !
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film , but am frustrated at the poor quality production that went into this DVD -- at least in Canada . I went to buy this a few months ago , but an employee at my local video store told me there was a defect on all copies . The audio is out of synch for the last 2 chapters -LRB- Scenes 14 and 15 -RRB- of the film . I was hoping future copies would be fixed . I just checked my newly purchased copy and he was partially right . The audio is delayed by at least 2 seconds , but luckily only in the 5.1 surround sound setting . The more traditional 2.0 stereo audio setting works fine , and the picture and sound are generally great , but this serious failure of production need not have happened.I 'm very disappointed because international and independent films like this get very little attention . Even though this was nominated for an Academy Award for `` Best Foreign Film , '' I doubt it will sell millions of copies in North America . It 's obvious that a more popular release would have been given greater respect -- either in the careful attention to its initial production or in quickly issuing a recall to fix the problem . This is a huge insult to fans of non-blockbuster films and especially audiophiles .
 Director Susanne Bier , Best Screenplay writers Susanne Bier and Anders Thomas Jensen , Best Actor Rolf Lassgrd , Best Actress Sidse Babett Knudsen , and a few other supporting and camera work nominations would not surprise me . I will be disappointed if they are not rewarded for the talent and intelligence evident in this film . After the Wedding is so honestly human that it does indeed break your heart . Happily it also hands you hope , a little laughter , and moments of tender warmth and love .
 After the Wedding is seamless , holding our attention , engaging our emotions and satisfying our cinematic needs with a story of human weakness , strength , heart and the capriciousness of fate , incredibly heart-wrenching , and full of some very , very strong performances , great film .
 AFTER THE WEDDING -LRB- ` Efter brylluppet ' -RRB- is a brilliant work , a two hour synthesis of life that demands our full attention and rewards that attention with some of the finest ensemble acting , directing , dialogue and message that we have come to expect from Danish writer/director Susanne Bier -LRB- Anders Thomas Jensen is also credited with the story concept -RRB- . It is a film that raises difficult questions and situations and somehow pulls us into a world of damaged people about whom we genuinely care.Jacob -LRB- a stellar performance by Mads Mikkelsen -RRB- is a solitary soul who has found a niche in India as a teacher and caregiver in an orphanage . When he is informed that a wealthy donor is considering being a benefactor , Jacob leaves the children he loves to return to his native Denmark to the home of the potential donor Jrgen -LRB- another fine performance by Rolf Lassgrd -RRB- and his wife Helene -LRB- Sidse Babett Knudsen -RRB-
 about past mistakes and future opportunities . It 's better not to read a plot summary about this one because the main character only gradually finds out what is really going on . His orphanage in India is running out of funds unless he can get a Danish billionaire to consider his project more worthy of support than others he is considering . Of course the rich man has his own goals . It 's up to the viewer to judge if they are realistic or noble . It is n't the typical cliche of poor man good and rich man bad . They both have their strengths and weaknesses .
 This movie is so gripping that you wo n't even notice you 're reading subtitles . I wo n't tell too much else , because I do n't want to give away the plot . I just know that my wife and I were blown away by the storyline . Great movie !!
 I found this movie was great for forcing a little reflection on what is the correct way to deal with life 's biggest issues . Great story , acting and production . Nice to travel a bit on the sofa also . I am careful to not not give away too much .
 Excellent storyline that keeps your interest throughout the entire movie . The actors played each roll very well . One character is completely over the top of controlling lives of others .
 This was a really interesting movie . It was not at all what I expected . I would Highly recommend this movie .
 This movie sucked me in from the very beginning . It was rich in emotion with excellent characters who did an outstanding job . I was sad to see this movie come to an end .
 i have not rated a movie 5 stars ever ! it 's message is deep , the characters are memorable , and the ending is perfection . mads is the man !
 A wish-fulfilling fantasy in several respects , but also thought-provoking . That the film closes with shots of India , not Denmark , is important
 Even if you own the 10th Anniversary DVD set , this is worth the purchase . Loads of extras not on the DVD and the books and animation material make this an essential purchase for any `` hardcore '' fan of the movie . Makes it worth going over to Ebay and getting a laserdisc player just to have all this additional material . They do n't make box sets like this anymore kids , so get them while you still can . Originally retailed for $ 100 back in 1997 and a bargain at any price if you love this movie .
 Meeko , Flit and Percy , these the are names of the animal friends who get in and out of mischief , befriend each other and accompany Pocahontas in the vast panorama of pristine North America that is the setting for `` POCAHONTAS . '' No Disney animated film would be complete without these familiar looking creatures and rightly so . These are films for the whole family , but POCAHONTAS was a notch above many of the animated films from Disney over the past two decades.POCAHONTAS was a change-of-pace from the recent trend of animated films from Disney in 1995 . This is one of my favorite Disney films and one of the best since the 1960s . It has substance and deals with real issues . We see the Native American Indians at peace and harmony with the land and nature . This is beautifully captured with the exceptional animation of vibrant green forests and flowing blue rivers . These scenes have a breath of fresh air about them that you can almost feel . When the European settlers arrive we know that it is only a matter of time before they begin to erode this paradise . The Europeans with closed minds did not realize how much they had to learn from the Indians and tried to impose their brand of civilization on them . Their brand of civilization is to subjugate or annihilate the `` savages '' and ravage the land.We see the two cultures meet in one of the finest animated scenes ever presented by Disney . Captain John Smith and Pocahontas come face to face by a waterfall . Smith lowers his rifle , as Pocahontas stands erect and unafraid . Their eyes meet and he no longer sees a `` savage '' but a human being . Their eyes tell us that they immediately fall in love . As Pocahontas `` listens with her heart '' as Grandmother Willow has taught her they both communicate with each other . Soon their differences become apparent , but it is John Smith 's ignorance revealed by inadvertently referring to Pocahontas as a `` savage '' that is the focus of the rift . He states that there is so much the `` savages '' can learn from the English . Pocahontas asks , `` If the savage one is me , how can there be so much that you do n't know ? '' During the `` Colors of the Wind '' sequence John Smith learns first hand the value and reverence of nature and that it should not be exploited out of mere human greed.The message of POCAHONTAS is that European settlers leveled forests and imposed their own vision of a `` civilized '' society , whether or not it was welcome by the Native Americans . The corrupt Governor Ratcliffe is shown gleefully using cannons to level forests while his other men wield picks and axes in a mocking musical number . The brown piles of shoveled up earth stand in contrast to the majesty of the green untouched forest . When the settlers open fire on the Indians , they retaliate by capturing John Smith and prepare an execution for him . Only Pocahontas , who can empathize with both sides , can bring them to see their transgressions and teach them that violence only breeds violence.The dramatic structure over which the film 's message is delivered deals with her father 's disapproval of the man she loves , because he belongs to a different race . The film thus takes on more significance as it deals with ethnic discriminations as well . Her father wants her to marry a member of the tribe , who she dislikes because `` he 's so serious . '' A similar theme is taken up in THE LITTLE MERMAID.POCAHONTAS is based on legend , rooted in murky historical events . In real life , Pocahontas was about 13 when she first met John Smith . Smith claimed in his journals that Pocahontas saved his life . John Rolfe was the Englishman that she eventually married . She did indeed get to go to England -LRB- See POCAHONTAS II -RRB- , where she was treated as a princess . She died in Europe , near 21 years of age.What is particularly good about POCAHONTAS is the artistry of the animation . The virgin land of towering green forests , sparkling blue steams and rugged cliffs are drawn with a freedom and energy that posses real power and reverence . Very effective is the jutting rock that overlooks the landscape giving the entire film a feeling of sweep and grandeur . Anyone viewing the finale of this film can not help feel an emotional outburst as the `` colors of the wind '' blow past this precipice toward the horizon . I know I did . The image is unforgettable.The songs by Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz include one unrestrained emotionally charged standout , `` Colors of the Wind . '' This is an unforgettable song that can be appreciated on so many levels . It is a consummate example of melody and lyrics that make you `` Listen With Your Heart . `` The Walt Disney POCAHONTAS Deluxe CAV Laser Disc Letterbox Edition 3-disc Set is outstanding for its content and incomparable nostalgia . It is indeed a true artistic product rich in feel and substance . The Special Edition of The Art of Pocahontas Book and the Artist 's Portfolio showing the artistic evolution of the character is well worth having in your collection . There are also video extras such as `` The Making of Pocahontas '' and others plus audio commentary that are well done and encompass the entire spectrum of this film 's original release . This is a real treasure .
 I rented `` The Marine '' with no expectations except for good action and `` eye candy '' -LRB- Mr. Cena is a beautiful man -RRB- . I always enjoy the classic good vs. evil story and seeing the bad guy get it . Think of the 80 's action movies and that is what `` The Marine '' is like . I enjoyed the movie , and while I am not a wrestling fan , I do support the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- because they support our troops all over the world . They make trips to bases every year and risk their safety to entertain the wonderful men and women of our Armed Forces ! John Cena has a very likable quality , and because of his love and appreciation for our troops and their families he can rest assured that I will gladly give my dollars and support to him in whatever he undertakes . God Bless you John and the WWE !!!
 This movie is awesome !!!!!! It 's action packed & if you 're a WWE wrestling fan like myself you will definitely want this for your collection . I went to see this movie on the day it came out at the theater and I waited for it to come out on DVD so I could own it . Plus I LOVE John Cena . He 's a HOT wrestler & actor :--RRB- So ladies this movie is a MUST SEE & OWN . Thanks Amazon !!!!
 Good action the previews show the good part of the movie . Good plot ending could have benn better .
 I will not go into the breakdown of the movie - that is already done in other reviews . Yes , the action scenes can be a bit unbeliveable - but what action movie made today is done realistically ? That is part of the fun of action movies . John Cena is best known for being the WWE Monday Night RAW champ - and this is his 1st acting movie . I personally think he was great in this movie - he looked hunky and shows he can act as well as kick butt . I hope that he will do more movies in the future - and also look forward to seeing him on Monday night RAW - the champ is in the house and if you are not down with that I have 2 words for ya . . .
 The Marine is quite a phenomenal action film ! The amounts of insanely addicting and devastating-looking action scenes are overwhelming . The film stars WWE wrestler John Cena in search of his wife who was kidnapped by a bunch of guys who were n't afraid to die , or kill anyone who unfortunately happened to get in their way.Anyone who enjoys action films with lots of hand fighting and lots of shooting -LRB- and I mean LOTS of these things -RRB- you will definitely find yourself enjoying the Marine . It 's nothing but total nonstop action for the last hour or so . The movie clocks in at 1 hour and 23 minutes -LRB- even though some other places have said the time length was a bit longer , it 's actually not -RRB- . The negative reviews are really strange to me - John Cena himself promoted the movie as nothing but an action film . It does n't pretend to be anything else . It 's just lots and lots of ACTION!My favorite moments were the exploding gas station and the bad guys shooting Cena 's car WHILE it was flipping around in the air ! These are truly some of the greatest action scenes a movie could ask for . Anything better than this would be impossible !
 At first I made a mistake and ordered this &#34; unrated &#34; version because it was confusing what dvd 's my son could actually or should I say &#34; is allowed to have &#34; , so I had to order a version that was rated , but the institution told me that they never received the second one . -LRB- The rated version -RRB- . But this item was great but since they would n't allow my son to have it I had to keep it for myself !
 thanks for getting my movie here so quick . we really enjoy and its in great shape that is great thanks
 OK . First off , I do n't see this movie winning any prizes for story , script , plot , or anything like that.That being said , I think it was a good action flick . It was well-casted , the fight scenes were well-choreographed , and the explosions were lots of fun . Also , I think it was a good start for Cena . Get the man some acting lessons and let him try something that does n't involve as much running around and beating the heck out of people .
 The Marine DVDIt 's interesting to see Vince McMahan and the WWE going into another form of `` scripted entertainment '' , i.e. , diversifying . Smart business move.This is in fact a terrific action/adventure movie in the mold of the Rambo or Schwarzenegger films -LRB- e.g. `` Commando '' -RRB- or the Indiana Jones series . The violence is not accurate in depiction of results , but neither is it in any movie where female stars takes full-power strikes and come bouncing back . If reality counted in the movies , there would be no girl-star action movies.The violence is actually toned down in favor of action . For example , Sgt. Triton chooses to takes out two very tough villains in exciting brawls when he has a good fighting knife with him . Reality would have been different ... . and much bloodier . Not much gore or blood in this picture , however , and you can safely take your pre-teen or teen son . Or yourself . My wife liked it , too , for that matter.Don ' t be surprised to see the knife on the market soon , ala Rambo.The acting was top-drawer within the context of the plot . I never heard of John Cena , so I ca n't be considered biased . Triton was seen first in front of his commanding officer , then interacting with his wife . He was supposed to be emotionally restrained with his commander , and strong but a little reflective with his wife . He was . Then The Marine had a mission . He had to complete it , not emote and burst into tears . After the adrenalin high wore off , he 'd probably start shaking , but while things were going on , he did n't have time to be upset . Man , have n't the sweetie-boys who have panned his acting ever been in a fight ? I never heard of the star , but he turned in a very believable good performance for the part . The excellent-looking wife did a fine job as well . No nudity in this movie . Unfortunately.In sum , a fine example of its type and highly recommended for all . It requires some suspension of belief , but most action movies do.Recommended for fans of John Cena , the WWE , and Arnold and Rambo for that matter.GunnerGunner December , 2007
 You pays your money and you takes your choice . When you go to see a movie like this , you should know what you 're in for . There 's going to be a lot of bad guys , and they 're going to be really bad . There 's going to be a damsel in distress . There 's going to be a surprise bad guy . And , last but not least , there 's going to be a good guy who is good and tough beyond belief.John Triton -LRB- John Cena -RRB- is an heroic ex-marine whose wife , Kate -LRB- Kelly Carlson -RRB- is kidnapped by a brutal gang of jewel thieves led by Rome -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- , who kills with glee and without remorse , which does n't set him apart from his psychopathic gang members . John takes out after them . You get the feeling that John can take on anything up to the size of a platoon without much of a problem . While credibility might suffer during his chase , it 's still fun . You will rarely see a human being with arms the size of Cena 's . Written -LRB- Michelle Gallagher and Alan McElroy -RRB- and directed -LRB- John Bonito -RRB- with humor and pace , what surprised me about it was that the acting is uniformly good , including Cena . This is a tongue-in-cheek chase film with some absurdly unbelievable stunts and special effects , but it 's all done on a level that nobody takes very seriously.Although there is a lot of violence , it 's not graphic in the sense that we see people 's heads being blown off . I was tired and sleepy when I attended the film , but never even felt a twinge of nodding off.Perfect for a saturday night with friends after a long week of work .
 I am surprised by how much I enjoyed this . Surprised , and a little disappointed in my own taste , but anyway ... You know exactly what to expect from this movie . Explosions , Fighting ... and that 's it . Luckily , it delivers both of those in spades , especially the ` splosions . I have never seen so many things blow up . Every fifteen minutes John Cena barely escapes some building blowing up . And in slow motion , of course . The story is Kelly Carlson is kidnapped by Robert Patrick and John Cena must rescue her.Robert Patrick is plain fantastic in this flick . The filmmaker is smart as he gave the lion 's share of the line to Mr. Patrick . He plays a great , sarcastic bad guy , plain and simple . John Cena can act in the sense that Arnold Schwarzenegger can act . Mr. Cena lets his actions do the speaking , thankfully . Plus , he 's a hottie so ... Overall , just an easy , cheesy , blow-em-up , action B-movie . The extras are pretty lame , though .
 I thought that the movie was really good . I didnt like the fact every time John left a building it blew up , but I was surprized to see how well John Cena could act . I really enjoyed it and it kept us entertained .
 Totally happy with this product ! It exceeded my expectations and I would recommend it to anyone . It also shipped very quickly . Thanks !
 i love this movie for the action and all the bad crimanals get what they deserve at the end.i recommend this movie 100/00 percent
 this movie was very good . if you are a wresstling fan and like john cena you will like this movie .
 The Marine is a WWE funded movie directed by John Bonito.Starring John Cena , Robert Patrick , Kelly Carlson , Anthony Ray Parker , Manu Bennett.After disobeying his commander 's officer orders in a mission in Iraq , John Triton -LRB- John Cena -RRB- decides to go on auto pilot and follow his own instincts to save his fellow marines.At the end he ends up saving them and there was already an order to bomb the Iraqi warehouse.When Triton is back at the rear he is called by his superiors.He is then given a discharge for disobeying orders but gets out in a good way.Triton goes back home to his hometown in South Carolina.He tries his first civilian job as a security guard , but ends up being fired in the same day.The Marine brings back the full contact old school action.The stunts , fighting scenes are realistic compared to the other movies that have been around for the past years.Cena with his build and weight moves extremely fast and you can see his dedication . This is his first leading role.Robert Patrick does a great job as Rome.Mixing humor and sarcasm.He is not your typical coldblooded killer like you have seen in other movies .
 I really enjoyed this movie there was action in it and I loved the way he was driving the police car .
 Firstly , let me tell you that if you are an elite critic and watched this movie , ask yourself why . Do you even like the action-movie genre ? No ? Then do n't waste our time by writing reviews about stuff you do n't enjoy . We like it here and we like Hollywood . So astalavistababy.For all WWE Fans and those who have come to see John Cena blow things up by more than just his fist - this is an awesome action flick . I too came to see this movie because I am a fan of WWF now known as WWE and because I admire John Cena as a person and not just as what we see him do inside the squared ring.The first 5 to 10 minutes of the movie needs to be passed over . To be forgiven . It is not the best start to an action movie . And this is an out and out thriller of an action movie . But then Robert Patrick shows up and everything rocks and everything is cool again . Yes , I came to see Cena and got bowled over by Robert Patrick . Patrick carries this movie . I would say he saved the movie . Cena is great . He is our hero . And we cheer for him throughout the movie as he gets beat while trying to rescue his dear wife . But you ca n't help fall for Robert Patrick . He waltzes in all bad-a $ $ and mean . He is ultra , uber-cool . He makes the badguy role come alive and give meaning to the whole story . As in any story , for the hero to be a hero , you need a strong adversary . We get that in the form of a team of criminals led by Robert Patrick.The action is non-stop . As soon as the villain has done his first job in the movie - the action keeps up the tempo and we get big gunfights and bigger explosions . The crazy black dude routine is well played here by a henchman of Patrick . I was a bit disappointed with the truth behind the `` rock candy story '' - they should have made it as big as it sounded . But there is plenty of more fun in the movie . Some dark humour and Cena is incredible as he chases down the bad guys in the mandatory car chase sequence and then on in the swamps . This is thrilling from there till the very end . Some good hand-to-hand fights . Cena gets punished and he triumphs . The deviation with the 2 other crooks in the same swamp thinking Cena is a cop looking for them is also brilliant turn of events . More action . More a $ $ - kicking . The scenes with the explosion are very well shot.The two big ones with Cena at the petrol pump explosion and him at the shack in the swamp exploding are incredibly well captured . You could feel Cena getting the fury of the fire . Awesome stuff . And Patrick is unstoppable too . He is determined and he has the wife as a leverage and hostage . There is the essential bad girl accompanying the villain , Patrick . She does a great job , better I think than the actress who plays Cena 's wife . In all I would rate high the casting as the team of Patrick is well picked bunch of actors doing what they do best . These bad guys are worth cheering for.Cena of course makes it to the climax . An epic one it is , involving a truck , a motorboat , explosions , fistfights , splattering of blood and the suspense of whether Cena 's wife will survive this ordeal or not.Watch this one and make sure you reload the popcorn .
 John Cena - never heard of him -- but man , did he turn in a great performance.Silly humor , great action , -LSB- no one did handle that snake -RSB- . A movie that will definitely stay on my shelf.And boy do I agree - the female characters that bounce back -LSB- especially from being back handed -RSB- yeah ! right ! dream on sucker!No barn-yard or -LSB- you know-what -RSB- illiterate language -LSB- that I remember -RSB- Great entertainment - great color - worth another watch.Definitely Recommended + + + + + + + + +
 John Cena plays John Triton , a Marine who was discharged after disobeying a direct order in order to save his fellow soldiers in war . He returns home to his wife Kate -LRB- Kelly Carlson -RRB- and after not being able to adjust to his homelife so easliy , they take a vacation . Unfortunally John ends up in the wrong place at the wrong time as he crosses paths with a group of jewel thieves at a gas station led by a killer named Rome -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- and after things do n't go as planned , they go on the run & kidnap Kate as a hostage . From there , John goes after the thieves to save his wife but encounter many obsticals along with the way while the theives have problems of their own such as not being to trust each other & Kate being tougher than she looks.This is one of those generic action movies where the plot itself was very simple & something the average person can understand . The acting is n't much as Cena had no previous acting experience before this role so his dialog is very limited but did do well & was believeable in his role . They have good action scenes from a car chase to fist fights to tons of explosions . The most annoying thing here though was that they tried to add comedy to this movie which did n't work at all . For example , when the bad guys are in the jungle running from the police ... that 's not the time to start making jokes about `` rock candy '' & getting calls about their cable TV package eventhough I did get a chuckle as the priceless look Patrick gave after the `` he 's like the Terminator '' line.While the DVD included both the unrated & theatrical versions of the movie , the DVD extras include all the WWE promotional features , footage of the World Premiere , various features on John Cena , and a `` Making Of '' featurette . Bottom line is that this movie is good for those who just like a good old action flick that you used to see back in the 80 's full of explosions & fist fight scenes .
 It 's back to the good old days.The action packed Schwarzennegger films where the kill-shot reigns with side-splitting dialogue.Problem is ! Robert Patrick is the star . John Cena makes a credible Arnold but Mr. Patrick does a wonderful villain . He 's got the lines and he 's nailed the perfect bad guy with a flair that would make Hannibal Lecter cringe . A great job by the former star of The X-Files who made John Doggett a memorable experience.Action and blowup sequences are A-1 all the way.The perfect film for escapist violence .
 the movie was in great condition and it arrived in a short period of time . I was very happy with the dealer .
 `` The Rock '' -LRB- another professional wrestler -RRB- would be better suited as the lead man in this film as he displays far more cinematic charisma than Cena.This is not a woman 's touchy feely movie - it 's a violent showdown of good vs evil with the good guy displaying almost superhuman abilities . Watch this on a big screen with a couple of beers and enjoy the ride .
 This movie kicks a ** all the way and I ca n't wait for this to come out on DVD because it 's an excellent movie !
 pretty good movie overall . i like john cena on wwe , so i checked this out . it 's good for it being his debut .
 This movie was the debut of wrestler John Cena . He is the many timedheavyweight champion of the WWE . He has proven to be entertaining as a wrestler . In this movie he saves the lives of some fellow marines in Iraq from some al-Quaidi terrorists . He is discharged for disobeying orders.He and his lovely wife Kate whos is played by Kelly Carlson decide totake a trip into the mountains . On their trip they drive into an altercation involving some dangerous jewel theives . His wife Kate is snatched and taken hostage . These jewel theives are led by a viciousvillain played by Robert Patrick . He truly comes off as being evil . Thiskidnapping results in some nonstop action . Triton gets involved in high speed chases and many hand to hand situations . Triton even encounters crooked policemen . There are even explosions all during the chase scenes.Cena and John Patrick have a battle to the death to end the movie . Thereis also an exciting rescue scene . All in all this was a very entertaining movie .
 Last night , I sat comfortably on the sofa at home to watch two action movies consecutively on Star Movies Channel.The two movies share one common feature
 I am afraid that some reviews I have seen show either an anti-military bias or else expect things of this movie they would not demand of others of its type . The movie is not political in ANY way , but there is a fairly heroic brief starting episode in Iraq ; I guess some do n't like that.This is in fact a terrific action/adventure movie in the mold of the Rambo or Schwarzenegger films -LRB- eg `` Commando '' -RRB- or the Indiana Jones series . The violence is not accurate in depiction of results , but neither is it in any movie where female stars takes full-power strikes and come bouncing back . If reality counted in the movies , there would be no girl-star action movies.The violence is actually toned down in favor of action . For example , Sgt. Triton chooses to takes out two very tough villains in exciting brawls when he has a good fighting knife with him . Reality would have been different ... . and much bloodier . Not much gore or blood in this picture , however , and you can safely take your pre-teen or teen son . Or yourself . My wife liked it , too , for that matter.The acting was top-drawer within the context of the plot . I never heard of John Cena , so I ca n't be considered biased . Triton was seen first in front of his commanding officer , then interacting with his wife . He was supposed to be emotionally restrained with his commander , and strong but a little reflective with his wife . He was . Then The Marine had a mission . He had to complete it , not emote and burst into tears . After the adrenalin high wore off , he 'd probably start shaking , but while things were going on , he did n't have time to be upset . Man , have n't the sweetie-boys who have panned his acting ever been in a fight ? I never heard of the star , but he turned in a very believable good performance for the part . The excellent-looking wife did a fine job as well . No nudity in this movie . Unfortunately.In sum , a fine example of its type and highly recommended for all . It requires some suspension of belief , but most action movies do . It will grab you hard and keep you watching .
 I only went to this see this movie because i love john cena and hes sooo HOT . I dont like action movies AT ALL and my husband has to beg me to watch them . But this movie was incredibly awesome . It had me on the seat of my chair from beginning to end . Excellent job john triton .
 I was skeptical of this movie featuring a WWE wrestler -LRB- WWE wrestlers are notoriously bad actors -RRB- and because the movie was produced by the WWE rather a than a major motion picture company . However I was wrong . The movie was full of action and special effects . John Cena did a respectable job acting . The theme and plot were very entertaining , not cheesey or bogus . If you like action movies such as `` Arnold '' movies or Rambo movies then you will very much enjoy this movie !
 I never expected to be so thrilled and entertained by this almost tongue-in-cheek non-stop action thriller.Robert Patrick -LRB- The BAD Terminator , in Terminator 2 -RRB- is perfect as a vicious killer , but still pokes fun at his own movie when one of his killer friends who is failing at getting `` The Marine '' off their back , comments
 To be honest , I gave it 4 stars but it 's more like a 3 1/2 simply because it does have it 's good points to it . This film take 's us back to the `` later 80 's action film ara '' and can be compared to some of Steven Sagals films , or even Dulf Lungren.I just ca n't get over the fact that it 's John Cena in this film -LRB- and that 's not really a good thing -RRB- His acting was OK and the action was good , but it 's no `` Condemed '' with Stone Cold ! In short , it 's OK and that 's about it . It will entertain and it is n't a waste of money or time .3 1/2 Stars
 The Marine is a no holds barred action vehicle filled with cardboard characters and a plot straight out of an episode of the 1980 's G.I. Joe cartoon . Yeah , there are plot holes , logic bombs and more cheesy dialogue than Kraft could put in a dozen commercials , but this does n't stop the movie from being a lot of fun to watch.WWE wrestling superstar John Cena plays John Triton , a U.S. Marine who has been scapegoated and dishonorably discharged for disobeying an order from commanding officers and is making an adjustment to civilian life with his hot wife . He gets a job at a security firm where ... he gets fired for disobeying an order . After this mishap he and his wife decide to go away where at a gas station they run afoul of some diamond smugglers who kill a cop and kidnap take his wife for a hostage so they can make their getaway . In the quest to get her back , Triton goes through car chases , explosions , and death defying scenarios . It 's best not to take these too seriously ; this is the kind of action movie where you turn your brain off and enjoy the show.Despite the logic holes , The Marine reminds me of the kind of old-fashioned action movie I used to watch back in the late 1980 's -1990 's like American Ninja or Ninja III
 Yes , the plot is paper-thin and fairly ridiculous , but for a fun , mindless , action romp , this film delivers . John Cena is quite good and natural as an actor , and Robert Patrick is always great . There was some very funny dialogue as the film did seem to be spoofing the entire genre . And it is always funny to watch the hero emerge from non-stop brutal fights and blazing infernos with scarcely a hair out of place .
 THIS MOVIE WAS EXCITING AND INTERESTING . I LIKE ACTION MOVIES . THIS MOVIE WAS NON-STOP ACTION AND THE HERO WAS THE MARINE . HE 'S PRESENT WRESTLING STAR I SAW HIM ON TV . HE 'S A GOOD FIGHTER . I ENJOYED THE MOVIE .
 I enjoyed this movie , mostly because John Cena is so good looking , he isnt a bad actor either . I enjoyed the story and the characters . I would recommend it .
 This movie is the Ultimate Experince for action fans.John Cena was awesome and he will be a big action star like Steven Seagal , Jet Li , Tony Jaa ex ex.Robert Patrick was the best Villan you could root for.Kelly Carlson is so hot it makes her look like Sharon Stone in Sliver.And the Girl Villan what ever her name is is just like a young version of Cindy Crawford . I do n't see the differance is between the unrated version and the rated version but it still a great action experience.I think John Cena should stick to being an action star besides wresling because fans would want to see him in future actions movies as a tough man . My favorite scene is where the man says hes like the terminator and Robert Patrick just makes a look
 The first 15 minutes of this brilliant film are probably the best 15 minutes ever captured . The rest of the movie is dull and a bit annoying in an awesome action that does n't make any sense with terrible acting sort of way . But those first 15 minutes I seriously watched twice because I was laughing so hard I cried the first time through . Watch this movie because it has by far and away the best opening scene any film could aspire to achieve .
 THE MARINEI have to admit that I have enjoyed all of the 7 or 8 or something like that WWE produced films , this one in particular . Sure some have been better then others but all have at least been entertaining , this one here would be in that category . I always liked John Cena especially when he was a heel , he has always been entertaining . So once WWE really wanted to get going with the movies I knew Cena would be starring in one . I am glad that the film did well enough at the box office for them to let him do another . I found this movie to be very enjoyable even though it is flawed.The movie is about John Triton an ex marine who is having a hard time adjusting to his new life as a civilian . After a mishap at a security guard job he took he and his wife decided to go on a trip to any were just to get away on vacation . It is on this trip that they run into some trouble at a gas station , it turns out that some people who are also there just robbed a diamond place and is on the run . When things go wrong Triton 's wife is kidnapped by these guys and the chase is on . So the rest of the movie we are treated to an action filled adventure that pits one man 's love for his wife against those who have a lust for money and power.The strong point of this film is obviously the ridiculous unbelievable action sequences , and I do mean unbelievable . Michell Gallagher and Alan McElroy did a decent job with the script basically just adding a few words to pages full of explosions and fist fights . For this , a WWE film that is just fine and I did not expect any thing else so it makes perfect sense . Director John Bonito shows that he has a talent for making a fun yet over the top action flick and he even makes Cena look good in his first acting gig , so credit to you sir . Director of photography David Eggby did a great job shooting this movie as the camera work is great , Executive producer Vince McMahon knows how to hire the right people . Every one behind the scenes did what a consider a good job given that this was supposed to be a WWE action movie , job well done.As far as the acting I think that while Cena has a way to go before he wins any Oscars he actually does a good job with this film , he has a natural charisma that carries over onto the screen . At times it looks like the performance is forced but over all he does a pretty good job in my opinion , I do n't know why but I think he would be perfect in a comedy or a family comedy . Kelly Carlson is good as Cena 's wife and brings a nice little charm to the film even though at times she gets rough with the other characters . Robert Patrick is great in the lead villain role with a sly humor to him , and his partner Abigail Bianca is just as good . In fact to be honest no one does a bad job in this film and in fact all of them do very well for this type of film.I liked this movie I thought it was a fun over the top action flick in the vain of 80 's movies -LSB- like other reviews have said -RSB- ; it is a good weekend/afternoon movie . A lot of people talk bad about this movie and John Cena in particular , but I liked it and Cena . I think if Cena is given time to develop as an actor I think he could actually be good . Hopefully he has developed more for the upcoming `` 12 Rounds '' ; I will go see it keep up the WWE streak . Hope to see ya there .
 This was a used dvd and in perfect condition , A great deal and a wonderful addition to my son 's wrestling collection . Thank You
 This movie has a lot of action , and my husband loved it . I do , however , warn you about the language . I would n't have any underage viewers present if you watch , and the language even made me want to leave the room , but if your okay with that , the movie is very action-packed .
 I really enjoyed watching this movie . It was action-packed and steady paced all the way through !!! John Cena rocked this movie !!! I would watch it over and over again !!! In fact , I DID !
 I thought the Marine was a great movie . John Cena did well for his 1st movie roll . Hope he stars in other great action movies .
 Grea movie . I am a wwe fan and i thought this movie was good
 This is one for the hard core action fans . There 's very little ` down time ' to run for popcorn . If someone is n't getting shot , punched , etc. things are getting blown up or sunk in water . There is an action scene I have n't seen yet with a police car . Several of the action scenes are worth a rewind and I did appreciate the ` buff bodies ' . You have to give these guys an A plus for working out.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 I thought this movie was pretty cool for the most part . Robert Patrick 's role also added to it 's success and suspense . Lots of action and the storyline was well written . Maybe John Cena is the next big action star to Hollywood and to action movies in general . I think if he continues to make them like this , he will be . Thought it was better than 12 rounds as well.Peter J. Miller
 O.K. . The basic plot -- cop forced by vengeful ex-con through a series of timed challenges -- is n't unique . But the story has unexpected twists and turns and uses the city of New Orleans to its advantage . John Cena does a great job , and I would be willing to watch any of the other actors again . The story is violent -- explosions are the threat the movie begins with -- and there are maybe two mild profanities in the general release version . But if you snack while you watch your movies , beware . Get the snacks beforehand because you ca n't miss a minute of this fast paced thriller .
 I thought this movie was incredibly entertaining and filled to the brim with action , suspense , explosions and comedy . John Cena stars as a Marine named John Triton who is being honorably discharged for disobeying a direct order . When he returns home , he decides to go on vacation with his wife , Kate . While at a gas station , Kate is kidnapped by a jewel thief named Rome , and his associates . John goes on a 1-man rampage in order to get her back . Throughout the day , Rome and his group try to kill John , but he 's too stubborn to die . If you love action , I highly recommend THE MARINE !!!
 This is one awesome action film . I had seen John Cena in 12 rounds and it was entertaining for any evening . But this Marine is outstanding . Hand-to-Hand , explosions beyond counting , and humor too . We all enjoyed the wild , wacky , absurdity of the whole movie . And the Special Features were almost as good as the movie itself . Especially we enjoyed seeing the premiere of the movie at USMC Camp Pendleton . I wish we had had a John Cena movie when I was in the Corps . If you want beginning-to-end romping , stomping , hell , death and destruction ... this flick is for YOU ! The Terminator has nothing on the character of former Marine Triton . To say it is unbelievable does n't even begin to cover it . BUT who wants reality in an adventure film . Get this and watch it with friends .
 one of my favorite movies . john cena could definitly be a top action star if he wanted would love for ghim to be in a remake of missing in action ...
 This is undoubtedly , the best cure for a boring sunday afternoon . Our hero -LRB- John Cena -RRB- is poised to pick up the mantle of America 's next Hero / Champion . The man can take a full force blast to to his cranium with Thor 's Hammer and , resucitate after a minute ; feeling invigorated enough to resume his Crusade . The wunnerful Robert Patrick -LRB- Terminator II -RRB- is his challenging nemisis , and does not dissapoint.Now , THE ACTION sequences of this movie is what is worth the price of admission . From frame one , the pyrotechnics/asskicking is WHIZ BANG . The dialogue provides some fine comedic relief , '' MAN , BROTHERS JUST DO N'T DRIVE MINI-VANS , YA DIG ? '' -LRB- the pimp -RRB- . Cars disintergrate , bombs blow , bullets buzz , fires blaze , no time to bleed , complete the mission ! This BLU-RAY izda bomb ! Grandson , pass the popcorn .
 Being a John Cena fan you can never be sure that the charisma that he shows on the small screen will translate to the big screen , but after watching The Marine he does not have to worry about that . All the action in the movie keeps fans glued to the screens and wondering what could possibly happen next . Not a dull moment in the movie . Ca n't wait for it to come to the movies cinemas here in Australia in June 07 so we can watch him larger than life and in surround sound , will make a great movies even better .
 I 'M NOT A BIG FAN OF WRESTLING , OR WRESTLERS . THIS MOVIE IS PACKED WITH A LOT OF ACTION , AND HAS ENOUGH PUNCH TO KEEP YOU WATCHING TO THE END . I WILL LOOK FOR MORE MOVIES WITH JOHN CENA IN THE FUTURE .
 this was an excellent movie . The product itself was in excellent conditionI highly recommend it to anyone
 `` Listen brother forget X-Men , MI :3 , Dead Man 's Chest , Casino Royale -LRB- with cheese -RRB- , Superman Returns , Snakes on a Plane and The Devil Wears Prada . This is the action movie of the year !!! . Make no mistake about it , John Cena will kick the crud out of Jackman , Cruise , Depp , Craig , Routh , Jackson and even Hathaway . Cena puts on a stellar performance playing ... well , himself just kicking the -LSB- ... -RSB- out of people . This movie had me on the edge of my seat locked into intensity from beginning to end and even then I could have sitten through at least 43 minutes more . In fact I think those 43 minutes could have been used wisely because they did n't show enough of Cena kicking the -LSB- ... -RSB- out of dinosaurs . Who knows maybe there will be some animal butt kicking too intense to show in theaters awaiting my approval on the DVD . But on a more serious note folks , this movie has great acting , in depth storytelling , fourth dimensional characters , Oscar worthy writing , jaw dropping wit , and enough explosions to blow your neighbors ear drums three miles away . The night before this release you will find me camped outside of my nearest retail store begging for the first eight copies of this cinematic masterpiece that only WWE films could put forth . BUY THIS MOVIE ! You will not be disappointed !!!! P.S. . Some of you may think that this review is a big pile of sarcasm . I 'm here to tell you otherwise . WATCH OUT HATHAWAY !! ''
 The Marine -LRB- Unrated Version -RRB- Excellent action movie , would recomend to anyone.He ca n't blow up enough things throughout the movie .
 so some of the effects were fake looking , but John Cena is hot . I loved the movie .
 YOU HAVE TO LIKE THE THE ACTION SCENES AND STUNTS . WILD ... . ALITTLE FAR OFF IN NEVERLAND . AND IF YOU LIKE JOHN CENA THEN YOU HAVE TO SEE IT . BUT ALL IN ALL A PRETTY OK MOVIE .
 I 've just seen this commercial not too long ago & it looks to be a hit even for a guy like John Cena -LRB- my favorite WWE wrestler of all time -RRB- to handle a crime scene like this . I 'm looking foward for Cena to kick some a ** in this high gearesh movie !
 I liked Walking Tall with `` The Rock '' , The Marine is just as far fetched as that movie ... i love it .
 `` The Marine '' was pretty much a bomb when it was released in 2006 ; fans and critics alike hated the movie , but if you have a fondness for action films and if you are a huge fan of wrestler John Cena , purchase the DVD . I bought the movie purely because I like looking at Cena , not because I think he can act . There is a lot of male testosterone available , but both the script and performances are flawed . The plot deals with a marine who discovers his wife has been kidnapped by an evil , demented villin , and it 's up to this marine to track down his wife 's captor and make him pay . TV 's `` Nip/Tuck 's '' Kelly Carlson plays the wife and Robert Patrick is an OK villin , but it 's Cena'a perfomance and presence that make the film . I am sure with the write script Cena could be a huge movie star ; he has amazing screen presence , with the looks and body that most actors would die for.The DVD comes with many bonuses including both the theatrical and unrated versions , the featurette called `` The Making of The Marine '' , WWE Promotional Features , John Cena Featurettes , and more .
 John Triton is a heroic Marine who returns home after being discharged -- against his will -- from the Iraq War . Stateside , he finds himself back in action , when his wife is kidnapped by a murderous gang led by a merciless criminal named Rome . With everything on the line , the Marine will stop at nothing to carry out his toughest and most important mission . John Cena was great in this movie and so were Robert Patrick & Kelly Carlson . If you 're looking for a great action movie you found one with The Marine .
 My family watched the movie and loved it . It was exactly what we were looking for ... John Cena action flick to escape reality for a little while . Ca n't wait til his new movie comes out in March .
 Despite what others say , this is a great dvd . IWA Mid-South is awesome ! These women may not have the hot bodies of the WWE Divas , but they can really mix it up . Unlike the Divas , these women did n't get into wrestling to be eye-candy ! This dvd proves female wrestlers can get hardcore . Vince McMahon 's idea of hardcore is having Molly Holly , temporarily , become the WWF Hardcore Champion at Wrestlemania 18 . I think Mayumi Ozaki & Micki Knuckles -LRB- trained by Ian Rotten -RRB- are the toughest . If you want to see some real women 's wrestling & some awesome deathmatch action , this is it ! THERE ARE NO DIVAS HERE !!!
 OK , first off , I bought this one because Jacqueline Lovell -LRB- Head Of The Family , Hideous ! -RRB- is in it . I admit that I paid little attention to reviews . Well , FEMALIEN is a light-hearted soft-core romp w / just enough of a story to tie the many love-scenes together . Venesa Talor is the title character , here on earth to experience human pleasure . She uses her powers to help her in this venture . Now , I was not offended or shocked by this mostly naked movie . I guess I 'm just getting old , because I found myself fast-forwarding through most of the lovey-dovey parts . However , as this sort of movie has a rather obvious objective , I 'd say it accomplishes this very well indeed ! The women are beautiful and the encounters are more erotic than raunchy . So , even though it 's not for me , I highly recommend FEMALIEN to all the flesh fans out there ...
 A futuristic Emanuelle has a gorgeous alien traveller visit earth to collect sexual experiences that have become extinct on her planet . She first sees a couple in a lawnchair locked in wild passionate intimate embraces , than we learn with her touch and a flash of light she can excite any human to have sex . While the plot is thin , there 's plenty of soft core excitement from Randy Fontana and Sybil Richard 's direction , well known for working on Mitchell Brothers pictures .
 Possibly my fave surrender film . I was very pleased to find this here . The price was right so I had to go for it . If you are into minimal plot and alot of soft stuff , go ahead and get this one .
 Lots of gorgeous women take their clothes off . Erm ... that 's about it . Well worth it .
 This great-looking brunette comes to earth to experience our physical relationships , and she leaves having accomplished her mission . Some imaginative scenes -- the best were the girl-girl encounters -LRB- at least in my opinion ! -RRB- I especially liked the `` performance art '' exhibit attended by our alien hottie , in which the decadent artsy babe running the show `` uses '' a sexy blonde bimbo as her `` canvas '' . It may not really be art , but I like it !
 Enjoyed it from the first scene . Enjoyed watching femaline try to understand our individual sexual appetite and in exchange she shared her collection from thru-out the universe . She was kind and willing to try what was suggested . It helps to have a knock out personality along with a knock out body . Then I found myself really trying to understand how someone from outside would view us . You wait for each new action scene and her feedback .
 This is by far the best softcore DVD I have ever bought . This is the closest you will get to hardcore without going hardcore , yet very classy . Plenty of women-women , man-woman , action ... The DVD was high quality , and the movie makes up about 2 above average softcore videos in one . All the chics are very hot . I highly recommend this one , a must buy !
 this movie was for both men and women . the shots in the movie were very well done , the music was cool and it is one I would be pleased to own . It had a style that made sex very sexy and not dirty .
 Nice show . All the ladies were good looking , especially the `` Alien '' . I would have been satisfied just watching her in the massage room , for the whole 90 minutes .
 Overall the movie had what might be considered a plot but I do have to say the blonde in the movie was simply awesome . The ending blow my mind WOW if anything get the movie just to watch the ending over and over ...
 I have to say I really enjoyed Femalien . Yes , it 's undeniably soft-core porn , but it is absolutely the best movie of this type I have ever seen . The plot is n't anything to brag about , but it does make some sense and holds together quite nicely . Femalien is an alien `` collector '' sent to earth to study human intimacy . Her people have evolved beyond physical bodies to become energy beings , and intimacy has been lost in the process . Femalien is given a `` suitable '' form -LRB- I 'll say ! -RRB- that will allow her to pass herself off as a human being and learn all about interpersonal relations by observing humans interacting with one another . She does n't have to look very far to find subjects for study , and she is a quick learner , engaging in her own interaction experiments before very long.This whole movie just exudes professionalism , from the acting to the camera work to whatever else directors do that makes a film a real treat to watch . You wo n't find this many attractive women in most films of this type , either . Venesa Taylor in particular is a living doll ; hers is a classic beauty that is quite rare these days . She is just completely captivating . She has talent , too , and her naive , innocent manner of speech and appearance just suits her role in this movie to a tee . The sex scenes , even the ones that do n't include Venesa Taylor , are also as good as you will find in movies of this genre . Basically , Femalien has it all . Forget about all the disappointments you may have felt when watching other supposedly good movies of this type ; Femalien is sure to please . As long as you are aware of this movie 's exceedingly erotic nature and do n't approach it expecting a thrilling science fiction adventure , there is simply no way you can be disappointed .
 Femalien is probably among the most famous softcore movies to date , thanks to its undeniably campy premise and graphic sex . I do n't know , softcore films usually bore me , but there are exceptions -LRB- like The Erotic Witch Project , The Alien Files , Casting Couch -RRB- and this is one of them.Part of the reason 's got to be the silly sci-fi premise , which is about a female alien -LRB- get it , femalien ?! -RRB- who comes to Earth to observe humans engage in sexual interaction . By that alone , this softcore film has more plot than three average late-night cable flicks combined . So , basically , the movie does n't consist of much more than 90 minutes of this femalien -LRB- played by Venesa Talor -RRB- , calling herself Kara in a hilariously dumb scene , watching people have sex while getting off on it , even occasionally joining in on the fun . Well , okay , there is the subplot with the chick named Sun -LRB- Jacqueline Lovell -RRB- who owns a diner that 's about to be shut down by a guy who owns a massaging company , but it pretty much exists only as a set-up for Talor and Lovell to get it on.Femalien has a pretty decent sense of humor , which also places it above most films of its kind . Yeah , the jokes are awful , but they have a unique anti-charm that works in its favor -LRB- and Venesa Talor is so gosh-darned gorgeous , you ca n't help but get sucked in by her character 's naivete -RRB- . There are numerous sex scenes in this film , so I 'll give a rundown of the highlights . Let 's see , there 's the photoshoot segment , which is actually probably the film 's highlight . Whoever the actress is playing the other part of this coupling during this scene , I 'd like to know her name . Simply put , she 's hot . The other standouts include Venesa Talor 's two love scenes , there 's the superior one with the guy in the diner and another very graphic one with Jacqueline Lovell , which is so graphic , I could almost swear they were really going at it . Nice.Performances are mostly really bad , though Venesa Talor , in a campy B-movie way , excels as the hottie alien . It 's got to be the naive way she approaches every situation , which is n't too unlike Starman , but come on , she 's easier on the eyes than Jeff Bridges . Okay , that 's an understatement , considering she 's one of the sexiest women I 've ever seen . Yeah , she 's had work done on her -LRB- now very large -RRB- breasts , but I for one think they look great and at any rate , are far more of a turn on than the ludicrous basketballs on Shauna O'Brien 's chest.Femalien sure is n't a good movie , not by a long shot , but it 's an enjoyably silly one that can be easy to take thanks to non-stop sex and nudity . There 's also a sequel , but I have yet to see the uncut version of it -LRB- which sort of defeats the purpose of watching softcore -RRB- . -LSB- three and a -RSB- 1/2 out of -LSB- five stars -RSB-
 Easily Surrender Cinema 's All-Time Title . It has everything guys like me want to see to excess -- thin storyline , and great-looking , surgically-altered women . The story revolves around Kira , played by Vanesa Talor , who I might add , is the most beautiful woman on the face of this earth . After viewing this movie with my wife -LRB- a former Miss South Carolina -RRB- , she purred , `` I 've never thought about another woman sexually , until now . '' In fact , she has even allowed me to extend an invitation to Vanesa for a night of unbridled passion -LRB- I 'm still waiting for her to respond . -RRB- The scene that did it for my wife was the one with her and Jacqueline Lovell -LRB- a real cutey -RRB- . This scene was as close to XXX as you can get . It should not be missed ! Throughout the entire film , the sex was intense , the girls were mind-numbingly hot , and the story , although thin , was fun . Do n't rent this film ... Buy it . Buy it now , but buy the unrated version .
 So many reviews , please read the synopsis or others for the `` plot '' details . Here 's what 's important - this flick is pretty much wall to wall skin , some decent pink -LRB- no spreads that I remember -RRB- , and erotic fun.There is a bit of filler to fast forward thru -LRB- silly subplot about saving a diner , blah blah -RRB- . A sexy alien experiencing human lust is enough for plot - I guess these folks ca n't help themselves.But Femalien has turned me into a real fan of Jacqueline Lovell , the pretty blonde who is actually a good performer who delivers her lines believably , and particularly Venesa Taylor . Venesa will blow you away here - pretty girl-next-door face , dreamy eyes , long legs and amazing double Ds that will have you short of breath . She 's so hot , it may take you a couple viewings to make it thru the movie -LRB- get my drift -RRB- . The scenes w / other performers , including some mid-90s porn stars , are all adequate , but the scenes w / Jacqueline and/or Venesa are stellar.All & all very good for this type of movie , though I would have liked more pink .
 This movie uses science fiction as a flimsy excuse to accomplish a few plot objectives , like transporting back to her bedroom instead of seducing , etc. . And the plot itself gets so ridiculous that you really would n't want to stick around for the ending ... But , I 'll bet you will . I did , and I 'm glad I did . If you liked the first love scene in `` Mulholland Drive '' , you will love this movie . Mostly for the ending scene , but there 's a little more to it.Somehow these actors make you forget the ridiculous setups for the sex scenes . It 's almost tastefully done . Unlike in hardcore , these people actually look like real people -LRB- although much more attractive -RRB- when making love . And in spite of the script , they manage to create a little bit of sexual tension.But that 's if your trying to follow the `` story '' . If you just like to see some really beautiful women -LRB- and/or men -RRB- getting naked , I can highly recommend this on that subject . As many reviewers have stated , the lead is ravishing . She a little believeable in the role , but who cares
 As an adult female that never ever considered purchasing a movie of this sort before , I must say that I really enjoyed it -LRB- I 'm glad that I did -RRB- . My goodness , the female lead is beyond words.Not that I 've ever thought of another female in that way before -LRB- I might just change my mind -RRB- . So far , I 've purchased and viewed 2 other Surrender Cinema movies , they were great , as well.But , I must say 1 particular scene in this movie made me a convert , it did.All in all , I 'm really glad that I purchased it.This review pertains to the ` Director 's Unedited Cut ' version , on DVD .
 This was my first venture into any explicit sex movie . The acting was , well , bad . But who 's really watching it for that ? Some of the women were cute , but mostly fake . One or two of the guys were hot.Kara has just beamed down from a planet that wants to study human sensations . She 's naked in the first scene and for most of the rest of the movie . It starts when she sees her neighbor sun-tanning and wanting her guy to put oil on her so she wo n't burn . After not alot of coaxing , they start going at it right there in the yard completely naked , in multiple positions . Kara experiments by herself watching them and then gets off while watching people she 's ` touched ' -LRB- she makes them feel really good -RRB- . She makes some models do it , a guy at a cafe , then two women at a lingerie store get it on just for Kara to watch . They invite her to a kinky party with just women and she gets ` some more experience ' . The best part is the end where there are three couples at a meditation center , that Kara touches . She always wants more experience.To sum it up , plot 20 % of the movie . Sex scenes 80 % . Definitely more guy erotica , but it was good for its purpose . Could 've used more guys in it though . I 'd buy it again .
 I was in the mood for some alien invasion movies the other day and watched a small marathon . As well as such movies as The Arrival , I watched a film called Femalien . Femalien reminds me of a modern remake of The Girl From Starship Venus.Femalien is the story of an alien landing on Earth to study human interactions . The energy being is given the form of a young woman . What follows are scenes of her spying on couples and her interactions with others . The alien is collecting and cataloging experiences for her race who have risen above physicality but still miss it . During her adventures she tries to help a local woman retain ownership of her diner.While the plot is weak I do recommend this film for those times when a movie like Invasion of the Star Creatures or Galaxina is the sort of thing you are looking for .
 Five years after its release , this film and `` Virtual Encounters '' remain the best features ever from the good folks at Surrender Cinema . What do the two flicks have in common , you say ? Well , besides the usual -LRB- some great looking women and lots of hot soft-core action -RRB- , both films feature the truly lovely Jacqueline Lovell -LRB- aka Sara St. James -RRB- . Her love scene with Venesa Taylor near the end of the movie is one of the best girl-girl encounters ever filmed -LRB- I 'm talking the unrated version here , natch -RRB- , probably because Jackie is really into other women . But most important , she is one really gorgeous woman , with an absolutely superb all-natural body , and she can actually act too ! This film is a `` ca n't miss '' for Jackie 's fans , and if you 're not one already , this film should do the trick !
 This was hard for a review . If i wrote this review on the plot , it 'd be 0 or 1 out of 5 . But conisdering other softcore 's ... . now it 's suddenly a masterpieceNow of course there are better softcore flicks , but this one was just ... cool . I do n't like using that word but it 's rather appropriate . I liked the way that the fantasies that a lot of us have are used to make this movie good . Go ahead and buy . 5 bucks is a reasonable price .
 An alien comes to Earth and she is hot , super hot . She immediately engages in sexual acts . She has the ability to make peoples sexual fantasies into reality . More importantly she wants to experience sex herself . There are not alot of twist in this movie just streight ahead soft core Sci-Fi .
 I am a married woman and I found this ` feature ' very nice . After much research I am happy with this purchase . I got this for my husband as a gift for us both !
 This has a simple plot to enjoy , and 3 characters worth caring about
 On time , as described . I do n't know why this is n't a sufficient review just to say that ? That 's all I care about .
 Got the movie only for the girl in the movie , hot body and I was not disappointed .
 You might also wan na check VERONICA 2030
 While the film got me wet , it could have used improvement . The plot could have been expressed in two lines of text and only functioned to serve up sex scenes . Which there were an endless string of . Starting with in minutes of the start when Femalien looks out her window and watches the neibors get it on in the backyard . The kink scene left me cold . Maybe the scene will seem kinky to a really Vanilla person , but hardly anyone else . The actors were so-so . They did n't look bored , but did n't seem to put much into their roles . Most of the acress were agmented and in one case had the profile that comes from a bad job of surgury . The main star had a wonderful face which reminded me of Jennifer Tilly . As a polyfiditous person I was pleased to see an ending that clearly indicated a ongoing triad .
 Great movie here . I saw it on Cable one night . Great looking women in this movie , and its funny too in parts -LRB- I laughed -RRB- . I 'd suggest checking it out .
 You might also wan na check VERONICA 2030
 Much like Surrender Cinema 's many other titles , this is really a porno , toned down just enough so that it 's not really a porno . This one , however , is Surrender 's flagship title.The main character , Vanesa Taylor , is incredibly hot . All the women are in fact . The director , Cybil Richards , shoots the numerous sex scenes very well . The `` orgasms '' are great . The plot ? It 's threadbare , which is good . You do n't buy movies like this for plot.And of course , no review of Femalien would be complete without commenting on the final girl/girl scene between Vanesa and Jacqueline Lovell . It is indeed one of the best lesbian scenes I 've ever seen , putting most hardcore stuff to shame.Femalien is a great bargain and delivers more quality than most movies costing 2 or 3 times what it retails for . Very recommended .
 It may seem like an oxymoron , but this soft-core is intelligent . Sure it 's a easy to follow plot of an alien woman come to study sex , but as she moves from one episode to another they are all well linked . This film has a plot!And the woman are excellent ! This is also much much better than the sequel . Make sure to get the unrated version .
 This is the best softcore porn DVD I have ever bougth . This movie is great , the movie is very sexy , and the women are beautiful . There is plenty of women-women action , as well as man-woman action . A must buy ! This flick is worth every penny , the DVD quality is great , and the film quality is great as well . A very classy movie , and the closest thing to hardcore , without being hardcore , trust me on this one , buy it !
 As a nerd , I 'd always dreamed that a race of nymphomaniacal superwomen would descend upon me from space and probe me to no end . Until the night it happened . It turns out excessive probing can be quite painful , not to mention humiliating . Femalien offers those nerds too scared to undergo sexy alien abduction a legitimate erotic alternative . Three billion thumbs up .
 Vanesa Talor is HOT ! Easily the sexiest starlet in Surrender Cinema 's stable of women . Although it 's a soft-core flick , and the plot is hokey , the girl-girl scene with Vanesa and Jaqueline Lovell is easily the hottest this side of XXX . If for no other reason check out this film for Vanesa . She 's an up and comer .
 Femalien works mostly because of Venesa Taylor , who 's simply one of the HOTTEST women I 've ever seen . The other standout would be Holly Cat , who gets in a great scene during a photo shoot . The sex is titillating , the women are lovely , and Venesa Taylor is breathtakingly gorgeous .
 My husband and I have enjoyed many wonderful nights thanks to this movie . Some movies have problems with keeping us interested but this one did the job.Kudos to the writers .
 How can you go wrong with a new BD that costs $ 8 . I 've actually seen this at a local outlet for even less . If you have any type of HDTV , a 5.1 / 7.1 surround sound system , and a love of aviation , you 'll enjoy the movie . The transfer is exceptional and the surround sound depth puts your system through its paces.Historical accuracy aside concerning the planes , the movie is more about the people in the squadron than the flying . I generally like to watch a movie first , then watch the special features . Not with this one . Because it is based upon true events , watch the special features first , especially the section that details the history of the squadron and the people in the Lafayette Escadrilles . Reviewers have mentioned that the characters are folks you do n't care about . You will care more if you watch the historical section first and learn about the true characters written into the film.Flyboys is definitely a library addition for anyone who collects military movies .
 If ever there was a war movie designed for a James Dean style actor - this is it ! Although `` inspired '' by a true story , there is nothing original in this movie 's story line and it 's outcome is rather predictable -LRB- but then we all know how WWI ended -RRB- , but even those two criticisms can take nothing away from the action portrayed in this movie . I missed seeing it at the cinemas and having now watched it on DVD , I really wish I had made the effort to have viewed it on the big screen . The scene of French Bi-planes attacking a Zeppelin are awesome , as are all the dog fight scenes of which there are plenty . There were no real disappointments for me in this movie -LRB- other than my own failing to see it on the big screen -RRB- , it is a great watch , one you walk away from thinking - `` man that was pretty good , I 'd watch it again !!! ''
 After reading about this movie , it reminds me of Platoon . Things that happened in Platoon , did happen , but not to one platoon in one tour . They took several different people and put together a very enjoyable story . This is a movie to have , not just rent .
 Like the movies `` Titanic '' and `` The Great Escape '' , This is a story taking place during a historic event with characters that are a composit of some of the real people involved.It 's WWI and the US has not yet entered the war . American volunteers are trained in France to fly and fight the war . They become the `` Lafayette Escadrille '' . This movie covers their training , flying/fighting , squadron bonding and off duty time.This is no documentary . It is a gripping story of the Americans who flew for the French combined with excellent air combat sequences . Better in the Blu-Ray Disc version . It will leave you wanting to run it again and again . Good photography , good story , good sound/special effects , good characters , ... can you tell I thoroughly enjoyed it ? Be sure to watch the special features , see how the combat footage was filmed.Those who have seen `` The DaVinci Code '' will recognize Jean Reno as the squadron commander .
 Movie ReviewFlyboysClick ... Click ... his guns were jammed . His enemy was closing in on him . He gazed over his right shoulder . Their was his enemy right beside him . Gazing at his victim before he blew him to pieces . Then suddenly he grabbed his pilot 's pistol and bam ... he shot the enemy sending him in a straight plummet to earth . Kaboom.The movie Flyboys really caught my attention with all the flashy highflying action . To tell you the truth ... it was just as cool as the commercials said it would be.I really enjoy how they incorporated all of the action and flying into a real story , not just flair and special effects like Star Wars I , The Phantom Menace . You really got to see the life of a soldier and his comrades in World War I.I think that this film did n't do a good job of introducing the character 's names . Even though this movie did have each character developing his own likes or dislikes , and even characteristics . You could not put a name to a face . At the end of the movie you still did n't feel like you related to any of the characters like a good movie should.Flyboys did do a nice job of having a great ending . So it made you forget about all of the faults in the movie . That is why I am struggling to give negative feedback -LRB- If you do want to find things you do not like in the movie just watch up until the last 15 minutes and then cut the television off -RRB- . Any great war movie has to have a hero . The main pilot -LRB- I forgot his name -RRB- during the war , had a relationship with one of the French girls . In the war , the Germanscome to her house . He flies all night to get to her and then he finds her and saves her . The movie did this very well . What more can you ask for in a movie but violence , flight , war movie , storyline , special affects , and romance for all you grownups out their . I loved this movie.I would most certainly recommend this movie to any person that is willing to pay a few dollars to see one of the best movies of the year .
 My husband and I watched this movie and was very impressed with it I would recommend it
 This is a terrific movie ; full of action , passion , heroism , and derring-do . From the opening credits to the final scene , the viewer is in suspense - at times on the edge of the seat and others applauding out loud for the bravery and heroism of young Americans with a can-do spirit.Whatever the critics might say , this is a joy to see.Our heroes are diverse , young , knuckle-headed kids who are willing to risk it all for a casue they dimly understand and a country they do not know . Their skills improve just quickly enough to save their skins ; mostly . It is alternately sweet -LRB- there is romance -RRB- and adventurous -LRB- the flying fight scenes are breath-taking -RRB- . The family will enjoy this film .
 I thought it was a pretty good show for a war movie having a pg rating ,
 The critics do n't like it for the most part , but I really had a good time . Flyboys wo n't win any awards , but it sure entertained my packed theater . People laughed at most of the little jokes scattered throughout this long film . Clocking in at over two hours it is a bit too long and some of the dialogue is lacking , but the romance is handled well -LRB- unlike Pearl Harbor , thank God ! -RRB- , as are the many amazing CGI dogfight scenes . If your bored one afternoon , you should check out Flyboys , otherwise just wait for the DVD .
 I have been looking forward to seeing this movie but became reluctant after reading the rather mediocre reviews it received from the so-called `` experts '' . I decided to ahead and , as usual , the `` experts '' got it all wrong . FLYBOYS not only met my expectations , but also exceeded them.I 'm a big history buff and am usually very disappointed with Hollywood 's rendition of historical events . For me , it really detracts from a movie when I see things like Sea Sparrow missile launchers on the deck of a destroyer in Pearl Harbor , or when William Wallace supposedly has a torrid affair with a Princess who was , in reality , only three years old at the time of his death , and I expected to find similar fault with this movie . I found no such errors here . The true life story was most accurate , including such details as the lion which served as the mascot for the Escadrille LaFayette , the dented bullets which the flying aces had to sort through before each flight , and the fact that over one million allied soldiers lost their lives at Verdun.Hollywood movie critics have a difficult time with true stories . True life , especially when accurately presented , does n't always have the same flair as fictionalized accounts , and critics have given rather harsh reviews of the plot , totally missing so many details surrounding such things as camaraderie , respect and traumatic real life emotions . And no , in real life , people do n't always live happily ever after and the hero does n't always ride off into the sunset with his sweetheart.Beyond the historical accuracy portrayed here , the film has sensational filming , particularly in the air battle scenes . The aerial views depict the miles of devastation of French countryside surrounding the trenches . The casting is more than adequate with particular mention going to Jean Reno as Capt. Thenault . James Franco also gives a superb portrayal of American Ace Blaine Rawlings.If you are a history lover , and particularly interested , as I am , in the Great War , I urge you to go and watch this movie . You will find it historically accurate and yet able to bridge the gap into being an entertaining movie . Remember that this is not some Hollywood enhanced idea of war , but rather an accurate depiction of the real life events that surrounded the American pilots who became the Escadrille LaFayette . The critics got this one all wrong . Surprise , surprise.Monty Raineywww.juntosociety.com
 Flyboys did n't last long in theaters upon its release , but do n't let that scare you away , it 's an above average WWI period drama . During World War I , a group of American pilots joined the fighting in Europe before the United States entered the war in 1918 . Flying for the French , they were named the Lafayette Escadrille . The movie follows five or six freshly arrived pilots , most notably James Franco as Texan Blaine Rawlings , as they train and learn how to fly and ultimately join the war as they take on German fighters , most notably the Black Falcon , a German pilot who does n't follow the `` rules of war . '' All in all , this was a pretty good movie . It 's by no means a great movie , but it kept me entertained for the full 140 minute running time . The added love story is n't as bad as I thought it 'd be , but the movie did n't need that storyline . It would have been better if the storyline focused primarily on the pilots and the dogfights , which are the high points of the movie . Go see this movie for the dogfights , especially the zeppelin attack on Paris and the final showdown between Rawlings and the Black Falcon!One of the complaints of the movie was that it is too cliched , and this is partly true , but for me it felt like the actors did the best they could with what they have . James Franco gets top billing as Texan Blaine Rawlings , a young rancher who joins the war after his ranch went under . Along with flying with the Escadrille , he falls in love with a French girl , Lucien -LRB- French beauty Jennifer Decker -RRB- , who ca n't speak English . My favorite character is Reed Cassidy -LRB- Martin Henderson -RRB- , the veteran pilot who slowly opens up to the new pilots . The rest of the young pilots who arrive with Rawlings include Phillip Winchester as William Jensen , the golden boy who knows he 'll become a hero , Tyler Labine as Briggs Lowry , a young man from a rich family who is trying to prove himself to his father , Abdul Salis as Eugene Skinner , the lone African-American pilot in the group who must prove himself while also dealing with some racism , and David Ellison as Eddie Beagle , the struggling pilot who may or may not have a suspicious background . Jean Reno is excellent in a small part as the captain of the squadron , Capt. Thenault , but it 's too bad he could n't have been used more.The soon to be released two-disc DVD , Jan. 30 , 2007 , will offer a boatload of special features which I 'm definitely looking forward to watching . There will be several making of featurettes , some history about the real Lafayette Escadrille , an audio commentary with director Tony Bill and producer Dean Devlin , deleted scenes , trailers , and a Flyboys Squadron DVD-rom game . So for a movie with some excellent dogfights and aerial sequences , a pretty good ensemble cast , and a not so bad love story , look for the two-disc DVD of Flyboys in January !
 I took 6 friends to see this movie and we all thought it rocked . The flying sequences are killer ! While unlike most flying movie the out of plane story is done well . It has some great funny lines , a beutiful french girl , and some intence oh my god fasten your seatbelt action ! The movies ends with some historical photos of the real escadrille . This gives it even more historiclyacurate feeling . Even though some of the insignias are not accurate and no there are not 300 red baron planes . This is a great movie , thats just fun to watch . So buy Flyboys !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Where does one start when reviewing a movie like `` Flyboys '' ? Does one discuss the attention to historical detail ? The facts behind the real-life Lafayette Escadrille ? The surprisingly great acting from a cast largely comprised of unknowns ? The amazing flying sequences and special effects?Really , the movie `` Flyboys '' is a monumental achievement and an effort of which everyone involved in it can take pride.Prior to the United States entry into World War I a number of American men traveled to Europe lured by a fascination with the relatively new ability to fly -LRB- many people had never seen an airplane at this time -RRB- . They joined a squadron known as the Lafayette Escadrille -LRB- named after the French general who aided America during the Revolutionary War -RRB- . Airflight was incredibly dangerous at this time and even more so when flying into a combat zone . Aerial dog-fighting was also a close quarters affair with mere feet between opposing pilots . Indeed the life expectancy for WWI pilots was also extremely short . As one character comments of another 's hard edged nature `` Bet he does n't make friends easily . '' The always excellent Jean Reno interjects with `` All of his friends are dead ! `` So into this backdrop comes `` Flyboys '' which follows the stories of a group of mismatched new arrivals to the squadron . We have , among others , a Texas rancher faced with the repossession of his land , a young aristocrat seeking the approval of his father , an African American prize fighter eager to repay the kindness shown to him by the French and a young man seeking to follow in his families military heritage.Together they forge a friendship and from stumbling beginnings an effective fighting force.It 's an engaging drama and one that I have already ewatched three times . It is nicely complemented on this DVD release by an impressive number of special features the prize of which , for me at least , is the documentary on the inspirations for the characters and historical research and a second one on the real-life Lafayette Escadrille . There is of course a very engaging commentary track which also highlights the great amount of detail that went into the making of the movie.When it was released the movie was criticized by some rather ignorant reviewers who railed against some of the details in the movie . They complained for example about the gunman atop a zeppelin shooting at the fighters buzzing around him . This , however , as the producer Dean Devlin explains , was based on historical fact when Devlin came across a picture of one such gunman in a history book of WWI.Yes , `` Flyboys '' is an impressive achievement and well worth your time and money .
 All the elements of a great movie . What can I say , I love to study the elements of war , and I enjoy a good love story along the way . This movie was a great introduction to the role airplanes had in the first World War . Featuring the story of the Lafayette Escadrille , and the role Americans had in the early aerial engagements . The story also allows those who have little knowledge about early technology to understand that it was very rudimentary . -LRB- Using hammers to clear your machine gun comes to mind . -RRB- The soundtrack was very well done , and the needed animation -LRB- ? -RRB- was excellent as well . I highly recommend this movie .
 Not only did this movie have great special effects , the effects were used to enhance the story and did n't take away from the movie . The aerial combat scenes were the most realistic and exciting one I had ever seen.The combat in this movie show what real air combat is like , especially in the World War I era , and what these amazing -LRB- now primitive -RRB- machines could do.A lot of reviewers missed the accuracy of the aerial combat in this movie . Yes , it was `` slow '' but instead of `` Making it into an exciting Hollywood fight or combat scene '' the producers of this movie allowed what actually would take place to stand on it 's own.I am glad that there are Hollywood directors and producers who care about historical accuracy and wo n't sell out to make something that is already breath taking and exciting , over improvised and over done with the standard Hollywood effects and making it look good.My only criticism of this movie is that it was long in certain parts and some of the characterization could have been shortened.This movie gets 4 stars because of the historical accuracy and for not turning into another `` What can we do with out fancy Hollywood Special Effects ? '' It also gets the stars for the excellent backstory of the heroes involved . True , it 's not as exciting as other Hollywood movies , but then again most lives of heroes are n't that exciting . Most heroes are just in the right place at the right time not setting out to make a difference .
 This movie is very fun and entertaining . It does slow down quite a bit at times developing the subplots , but even two solid hours of nothing but action would get monotonous and boring.It explores the bravery , sacrifice , and even politics exemplified by so many in so many wars . In this case it is WWI . It is the story of the Lafayette Escadrille , among the very first fighter pilots , as they take on the Germans . There is lots of action , great cinematography , a good plot , and a love story as well.Despite any inaccuracies with the aircraft in this movie , it is nothing that a non-expert would notice . The flying scenes may be CGI , but it is done very well . A very enjoyable movie .
 My wife and I were suprised at how good this was . Sure the plot was a little predictable and the CGI left a little to be desired , but overall it was great ! One of the better movies I have seen in a while .
 I 'll probably buy this when it comes to DVD . Excellent feeling of the times . . sets are terrific as are most of the costumes , etc. . Flight scenes are not historically accurate , but lots of fun and really exciting . . However , things like multiple red German DR1 planes , plane markings that did n't exist for the Escadrille N124 Lafayette , impossible plane maneuvers , are disappointing ... but only for WWI aviation fans . Acting was great , especially the French girl , and the French Captain Thenault -LRB- only member using his real name -RRB- . Pilots were actually required to join the French Foreign Legion first , but it 's another minor point for the story -LRB- stories -RRB- . Several stories going on and I enjoyed them all . Reviewers fault he film for using many military clich&eacute;s , but WWI and that period was a war of clich&eacute;s and I feel it only reinforces the navet&eacute; of the times . The music is probably the only part that is too dramatic , too often , sort of like Star Wars , but it is n't that objectionable till close to the end and for most scenes it adds the right feeling . Even my wife enjoyed this movie and got caught up in it !
 Okay , I read the reviews and the flaming responses from people who do n't want you to enjoy this movie . They must be Democrats - they hate to see anyone enjoying themselves except for Bill Clinton.BOTTOM LINE
 Good war movie and the special effects were believable a a a a a a a a a a a
 i thought it was a very entertaining movie , should have gotten more press when it came out . very good acting also
 Excellent movie , good story well told , accurate except for one problem
 This was an excellent movie that followed historical facts , more or less , and had superb flight sequences -LRB- that I assumed were computerized . -RRB- There was almost NO sexual content , and no adult language problems , so , excepting for some occasional war violence , the movie would be suitable for almost all ages . The backgrounds of the various characters were the usual `` composite characters '' that one would expect in a movie where disparate personalities came together to be molded into a `` team , '' but this was better than most . I probably should have given it 5 stars , but I reserve those ratings for the truly outstanding movie that comes along rarely .
 It 's not Oscar time for this film , but it was diverting . I thought it did give a good overview of the Escadrille and the motivations of the characters who came from the US to volunteer . True , the terrors of war were n't driven home as in Saving Private Ryan , but this just is n't that kind of movie . Fortunately , as it was my 9-year-old son 's interest in WWI planes that motivated the purchase . He was able to watch it without too many disturbing scenes -LRB- although the scene in the trenches was pretty intense -RRB- . If you 're looking for intense , gripping action and emotional turmoil , along with Titanic-level accuracy , this is n't the one for you . But for a family movie I thought it was pretty good .
 The movie only played once on my DVD player.The player would not play itafter that . My one review showed a well made film about a period of WorldWar one aviation . There were no major film stars in this movie , whichmade it more memorable . the planes were faithfully reproduced and the action scenes were ably produced . An excellant film .
 Do n't listen to negative reviewer about this film it was a great movie . I just saw it on DVD I am really glad I did very suspenceful .
 There are movies out there which will never win any Oscars.This is one of them.But that does not mean that such movies are bad ones.Flyboys will keep your whole family entertained.The aerial fight scenes are wonderful and very realistic . You can expect plenty of blood and gore too.This is the perfect kind of entertaining movie which will help you to unwind after a hard day 's work in the office , which is precisely what it did for me.Rough Synopsis -LRB- without spoilers -RRB- : - The movie was inspired by a true story.American cowboy joins the French Aerial squadron as a volunteer during WWI.Rises through the ranks.Along the way , the viewer is introduced to other air force volunteers , all with quirky personalities -LRB- and rituals like pre-match soccer superstars -RRB- and personal reasons for enlisting.Includes a romantic plot when the cowboy meets a nice French girl.Things get personal when the cowboy 's fellow buddies are killed by a German Ace.All of which builds up to a dramatic showdown in the air , ala `` High Noon '' in the skies.Be sure to get your pop-corn ready before you press play ! : -RRB- Blu-Ray QualityVery good HD mastering , with excellent visual details .
 Here is a story about some of the very first military aviators the world has ever seen . While hot air balloons were used during the Civil War to survey battlefields , WWI was the first conflict in which military aviation made a huge impact on the outcome.Long before flight simulators , ejection seats and pilot training schools -LRB- which take years & years to complete -RRB- , the world saw pilots who flew by the seat-of-their pants and took just a few months to become qualified to take to the skies . They used incredibly primitive flight simulators to learn what they could on the ground , and there was little rm to develop bad habits as they were pushed straight into conflict as soon as they were able to control their aircraft.James Franco is an up & coming actor who has his chance as a sort Errol Flynn role , and he pulls it off nicely . His character is a Texan who finds himself @ the end of his rope . So , he sets off for France during WWI and becomes a fighter pilot . Along the way , he meets up with several other Americans doing the same thing . While they may have fudged some details , all of the major characters in the film depict historical people.It 's unfortunate that this movie did n't do all that great at the box office . World War One does n't generate a lot of interest these days , and that 's a shame . Up until WWII , it was the most important war the world had ever seen . Sadly , its mantra as the `` War to end all wars '' has long since become an obsolete concept . Nevertheless , it is a vitally important war for us to understand as its a war our great grandparents fought in . While the FX of this film are quite impressive , the main reason you should pick this DVD up is simply because it 's history on the screen . It 's your history , and it 's my history .
 Man , I enjoyed this film ! It might be my favorite movie of 2006 . Usually when I look forward to a movie , as I was with this one , I can expect too much and then be disappointed . It 's rare but sometimes the film is even better than I anticipated ... and that 's the case here.This is a beautifully-photographed , classy film with interesting characters , excellent action scenes in the air with the World War I bi-planes and tri-planes , and a subtle and sweetly-told romance . In other words , this film had a lot to like . Acting-wise , everyone was good . I was n't familiar with any of these people except for veteran Frenchman Jean Reno , who played `` Captain Thenault '' , the main instructor and head of the Lafayette Escadrille . He was excellent , as usual , and played a likable character.The aerial-battle scenes might be the best-ever shown on film but with today 's ever-improving cameras , techniques , special-effects with computer knowledge , it 's no surprise the flying scenes looked so good . -LRB- Think what we 'll see on screen in 10 years ! -RRB- The fight scenes are not overdone , either.Most of the movie centers more on the drama and romantic side than that of action . The romance only involves one of the fliers and it 's nicely , tastefully done ... and very touching . The actress who plays the part , Jennifer Decker -LRB- `` Lucienne '' -RRB- , is just beautiful and a wholesome-looking lady . You can see why the flier `` Blaine Rawlings -LRB- James Frano -RRB- fell for her right away , even though neither could speak the other 's language.Anyway , the main story is all about all the fighters and some of the missions they flew . This is based on fact and that means it 's not always a happy ending for everyone . In some respects , World War I might be the most brutal war ever fought.Overall , this a nice , old-fashioned epic-type story told without much profanity so I would it would suitable for most of the family .
 WW1 never seems to get much coverage in films ... especially the early days of aviation portion.Most WW1 films focus on the horrors of the ground warfare.FLYBOYS deserved to do better at the Box Office.I confess , I had never heard of this film until I saw it on the shelves at Blockbuster , but am glad I grabbed it.Better than 90 % of the films coming out these days.The romantic side story seemed a little awkward and forced in a `` Titanic '' sort of way ... but I understand why it was added to widen the scope of the film.Also the CGI work on the air combat maneuvers was very good.I am considering purchasing this one for my collection .
 This is one of those weepy boy movies , up there with `` Saving Private Ryan '' -LRB- though a little easier on the stomach -RRB- and `` The Right Stuff '' . I took my 4-year old to see it , and he loved it . This movie has something for everyone - heroism , camaraderie , adventure , romance , history . The romance portion was handled well , without excess . No cheesy love ballads , no love confessions . It 's a good thing that the Boy and the Girl spoke different languages . If say said `` I love you '' , that would have been too much . It 's a good thing that the movie remained a War Movie , not a Love Story.Here are a few historical inaccuracies . The tri-planes were not common in 1916 . They were really hard to manipulate . But I understand that the director put them in the film for extra visual stimulation , because they do look menacing . Also , I find it hard to believe that the American pilots gained such control over their planes in such a short period of time . The film makes it look like they spent 2 weeks training and emerged master pilots .
 Every movie that 's I 've seen that is based on a true story has it 's flaws , however , I like the entertainment and often how afterwards it drives me to learn more about the history behind the movie . This was very entertaining and even at times realize how bad war really is . I could relate to the characters and each of their internal conflicts that they were battling.Definitely worth the time to watch and I 'm still considering keeping this film to watch again .
 Well done . I was most taken by the cinematography . Rich color gorgeous scenery . The story is very predictable .
 Although the story starts in a somehow unrealistic way , failing to explain in full the motives behind the young Americans who volunteered to fight in France in World War I , the training of the fliers and the dogfights are terrific ! The film has some of the best aerial shots I have ever seen and the machine gun fire -LRB- and also the damage it causes -RRB- is so realistic ! There is also a tender love story between an American pilot and a French girl which also adds merit to the film and is used as a counter-weight to the brutality of the air war . Very good film and surely a must for aviation fans .
 If you want an accurate documentary there is something else out there for you . This was entertaining , with great visual and audio . It 's nice having some unknown -LRB- to me -RRB- actors rather than a Tom Cruise putting on a top gun demonstration . A good way to get kids interested in WWI and early U.S. involvement .
 wow was i impressed . it is what it is . where do i start . iv flown a few planes in my time and i must say this movie is great . its nice to see a movie without relying on 4 letter words or stupid humor to get by . this movie takes you to ww1 . the dog fights are amazing and extremelly realistic . there are no boring parts and i must say it kept my attention the entire 2 hours . im no history buff but i must say what realism . great film exciting and fast paced . defenitly a guy movie 5 stars .
 The movie has 8.5 calification , the special effect are very good , in this new time of best movies , this movie its the first movie about the First World War ; the DVD has 8.7 calification , god presentation , the postal pictures from the movies are good , the extras from the movie are good.My final calification is 8.7 , is a very good movie , the scense and the flow of the story is good.Please buy this title
 Nice movie . Not too smart . Not too dumb . Good effects . Good lead . Good bad guy . Good foreign love interest . Good slapstick moments . Good ending . And tasteful use of history.Uplifting without being melodramatic .
 The disc was send in fast time , and made it in perfect shape.Info was great between Amazon and me , Thanks for a great job well done .
 Flyboys does a very good job portraying the action and emotion of the first world war . The movie has plenty of opportunity to drag but skillfully aviods this downfall . It is an excellent job of editing and directing . The special effects are used to improve the visual story but are not allowed to run away with the film .
 they do n't bother to make many wwi movies anymore , so i was excited to see this one . the script is admittedly not very good , and the performances were kind of lame but they did not have good dialogue to work with . despite this i still enjoyed watching the movie as the combat sequences were very very realistic and had wonderful sound . it is great to finally see combat the way it probably really happened and feel adrenalin pumping . i thought that one scene in the howard hughes movie with decaprio got this across , and this movie continues what that scene suggested . too bad whoever wrote the script was not very smart or this could have been a classic .
 The `` experts '' always !! This movie is enjoyable , the air battle scenes are very well done , story well told , it is for planes lovers not for history or movie `` experts '' , the dogfights are fantastic !! I RECOMMEND for any plane Lover !! For the History `` experts '' , Marie-Joseph-Paul-Yves-Roch-Gilbert du Motier , formerly the Marquis de La Fayette -LRB- or Lafayette -RRB- -LRB- September 6 , 1757-May 20 , 1834 -RRB- was a former French aristocrat and military officer who participated in both the American and French revolutions.He permanently renounced the title `` Marquis '' before the French National Assembly in June , 1790 . -RRB- Lafayette served in the American War of Independence both as a general and as a diplomat , serving entirely without pay in both roles.Movies are for Entertainment !! I highly recommend this movie .
 This collector 's edition is worth every penny . I enjoyed the movie as well as all the additional features such as the educational programs about the true story of the Lafayette Escadrille , WWI combat aircraft , making of the aerial combat scenes and many more . I further enjoyed replaying the movie with the full length commentary by the director and the producer turned on . I found it fascinating . The DVD set includes the Flyboys WWI combat simulator but requires a more powerful computer than I have so I was n't able to try that . Combat flight simulator fans with a good gaming computer should enjoy it . It had enough human interest for my wife to enjoy it and certainly enough spectacular action for me . I highly recommend it .
 With the airplane itself hardly more that 12 years old , this group of brave and dedicated young Americans join the French in World War IForming their own American Squadron , The Lafayette Escadrille , they represent a broad cross section of Americans , each searching for his own personal reason for being.The action , with its award winning special effects , will keep you glued to the screen as these young men not only learn to fly but learn to grow into mature men.It is interesting to note that after the United States entered the war , many of these heros were not accepted into the new Army Air Corp.An absolutely facinating true story
 the movie is fine , but the almost non-stop music score is so annoying . that 's why i hate all the walter disney 's movies . every movie is like a cartoon with non-stop movements emphasizing sound track . this movie is no exception . non-stop music , totally unnecessary and disturbing . other than that , this movie is fine and fun .
 i was moved throughout . very touching in many places , about many things -LRB- racism , heroism , family relationships , the cost of ` useless ' war , etc. -RRB- i have to say though , that when the main character went to see his new ` girlfriend Lucienne , who is ` valiantly looking after her dead sister 's children ' -LRB- as one review stated -RRB- i was appalled that she went up in the airplane with her boyfriend , leaving all 3 small children down on the ground waving . crashes were very common in those days . imagie the trauma if those kids , who had already lost their parents , watched their aunt die and there was no other family to raise them . But overall , it was great !
 Excellent flick for the history buff . Never ever knew that the Americans helped the French during the war .
 A thoroghly enjoyable film about WWI era fighter pilots . Action , drama and love all coexist to make a complete enjoyable experience . Definitely worth the few dollars to have this movie in your DVD library and to enhance your War Movie Section .
 I found the airplanes shown to be very accurate in detail , and the flying scenes to be representative of the flying in that era . The background story was good enough to hold it all together . I am 80 , and have been a WWI aviation buff since I was 8 years old . I flew a wood and fabric biplane , a replica Bucker Jungmeister , for 15 years , and was once in a dogfight , sans guns , with a Fokker Tripe , so I feel a kinship of sorts with the pilots of that era . Great movie for WWI aviation buffs and historians .
 Inspired by true events surrounding the Lafayette Escadrille of WWI , this movie sets out to entertain as well as inform viewers about an important piece of history . The dog fight footage is brilliant ! The airplane had only recently been invented when it was introduced to the war effort , so the faith and bravery it took to get into these early planes had to be incredible . Jean Reno is outstanding as the captain of the young pilots who do n't have a long life expectancy . In fact , all the acting and action scenes were outstanding and the digital sequences masterfully done . I really could not tell the real planes from the digital ones and I watched the film carefully three times.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 I highly recommend this film especially to those military aviation fans . It is about a story of the famed `` Lafayette Escadrille '' of the French Airforce in World War I . It was like a foreign legion of the air . It shows American volunteers who joined the glorius escadrille to fight against their German foes . The film also shows that there were both good and bad , like the German pilot of the red , crossed swords marked , red colored Fokker D-VII Triplane , a good man , who spares his American nemesis realizing his machine gun was jammed . But then there was the Black Fokker pilot , also depicting the drawing of a black falcon who was a heartless butcher.This film shows the famed escadrille in action , the way it was , which is now only remembered on connoseur or expert circles . The film also demonstrates a pilot 's courage in those days , lest we forget that the parachute had not been invented yet or was at least in the drawing boards , so if your aircraft was hit or disabled you could not bail out thus the pilots were given guns , so that they could shoot themselves rather than be incinerated alive . The acting was great and credible . This film is based on a true action story . Do not miss it .
 Flyboys has some historical inaccuracies , but so did a lot of movies that were made about WWII . In this case , it is about WWI and it is based off of the Lafayette Escadrille , which was basically the French Air Force -LRB- then called French Air Service -RRB- during that time . There were a number of American men who joined this service to help fight for the French but also to learn to fly and become a part of history . The airplane had been invented not very long before , so for these men they really were being a part of history in more ways than one
 FLYBOYS is a pleasure to watch - going back into World War I history that deals with actual events yet takes the time to introduce unforgettable characters and romantic situations while giving the viewer a spectacular view of the first flying fighter planes . Yes , it has its flaws in technical lines , but it has a strong , committed cast and a storyline that flows seamlessly to the end.Tony Bill uses his resources from his countless cinematic experiences in adapting a story by Blake T. Evans -LRB- screenplay by Phil Sears , David S. Ward , and Evans -RRB- to recreate the legendary Lafayette Escadrille , a disparate group of young Americans who volunteered for the French military to become the country 's first fighter pilots before the USA entered World War I . He manages to find the world atmosphere during the Great War , a time when young American boys who had no chance for significance in the tough times USA to go ` over there ' to fight the Germans . He begins with the lad Blaine Rawlings -LRB- James Franco -RRB- who has just lost his family 's farm to the bank , with William Jensen -LRB- Philip Winchester -RRB- who must live up to his family 's fame as heroes , with Briggs Lowry -LRB- Tyler Labine -RRB- whose father sees him as a complete loss to his wealthy gentrified family , with Eddie Beagle -LRB- David Ellison -RRB- who leaves for war with his sweetheart 's picture against his breast , with frustrated black fighter Eugene Skinner -LRB- Abdul Salis -RRB- - a crew of boys who become bonded through the efforts of the French Captain Thenault -LRB- Jean Reno -RRB- and the loner flyer Reed Cassidy -LRB- Martin Henderson -RRB- . Planes are designed , the boys are rigorously trained , and off they go to missions never before flown , missions that waste some , and make heroes of others . Along the way Rawlings meets Lucienne -LRB- Jennifer Decker -RRB- , a French girl who speaks no English but whose heart emboldens Rawlings to feats of heroism.The fighting scenes are terrific to watch as they seem to be done with toys , so light are the aircraft that started flying fighters . Yes , there are problems in depicting these missions because there are no stunt men who would dare fly such machines even for a movie . But Tony Bill keeps our attnetion with his direction and with the aerial cinematography of Henry Braham . The costumes are excellent and the musical score by Trevor Rabin recalls the period well . James Franco and his fellow actors offer solid performances . This is a bit of the past that is well to re-examine
 I am not sure which movie all the critics were watching , obviously not the same one I was watching . Granted it could of been better in the development of characters but if they 'd included the amount of detail some people would want then the movie would be as long as WW1 . The computer generated dog fight scenes are great and keep you on the edge of your seat . It has its funny and sad moments but not too many dull moments . So if you 're looking for a couple of hours of entertainment give it a try , if you 're looking for a sickly love interest go and watch Titanic for the 50th time . .
 Unlike the technical experts who hate the score , criticize the presence of red Fokker Triplanes , condemn the physics of the aerial battles , and not to mention , the quality of the acting , I enjoyed every minute of this film . But then , I like airplanes , and I like it when the good guys are good guys . The story line was interesting throughout . The acting was just fine - thank you , and the special effects were great . I recommend this film for all except the nitpickers mentioned above .
 After I watched this film I was ready to watch it again . This is a fantastic movie ; if you love a great action packed film with a beautiful scenery and a wonderful story of courage , friendship and love . You will enjoy this film . With a love of history in it 's truest form . Do n't listen to the critics they never know what they are talking about I somtimes wonder if they even watch the films they talk about . Watch this film you will enjoy every sec . of it .
 I was expecting Flyboys to tank . And it didnt . The movie could have had some help at the box office if it had a different name -LRB- Flyboys sounds dumb to me -RRB- and more advertising leading up to its release . When viewing the movie you cant find fault with the acting . Everyone does a good job . The plot and writing arent perfect but get the point across . The bond between the men as they battle together works well . The romance though is the key here for me . We have two people that speak different languages and they fall in love . Its the heart of the movie in my opinion . The action is great , though I could argue that the dogfighting is too short . You just get the blood pumping and that particular fight ends too soon . The battles could have been longer but they are well executed . Very good movie !!!
 This was a really fun movie to watch but it they took an awefull lot of creative liscense . The combat scenes were fun but looked so fake . If you were to dive as steeply as they did in that film for as long as they did in a Nieuport 17 you would rip the lower wing clean off . Probably the same with the Fokkers . If you want more realistic combat scenes I would recomend The Blue Max but this movie will still keep you on the edge of your seat . One think I did n't like was the fact that they made the Germans look really bad . I 've read many accounts of German pilots who really went out of their way to be humane and a many stories of allied pilots who were downright cruel -LRB- Mannock -RRB- . WWI was a war where niether side was better than the other , and it was a war that should n't have happened . Entangling alliances are an itch .
 The movie captured the excitement one would expect in such a film , but I found the historical innacuracies concerning the pilots to be annoying . When America entered the war , they dissovled and absorbed this squadron . The black pilot was not allowed to fly because he was black . England was his adopted country and after the war he retired to Harlem where he died in poverty and relative obscurity . It is a tragic story . Also , if the `` hero '' really loved that girl , would n't he try to find her after the war ? If you 're going to make up a love story because you think it is required in a war movie , then at least give it a satisfying ending . Finally , in the beginning , when they are going to destroy the munitions factory , they are not escorting any bombers . How were they going to destroy it ? In the end , when they went back , they were escorting bombers.I am not as schooled in planes as some other reviewers , but I do not think that bombers could automatically drop bombs at this point in the war . I believe they were still throwing them over the side of the plane . I could be wrong , but I found the technology featured in the movie to be a little advanced for the time period.Still , the dogfights and all aerial scenes were beautifully filmed and very exciting . I was enthralled in the story.If you do some research , you can tell which movie pilot was meant to represent which real pilot . There was a real pilot who memorized the eye chart so he would pass the test and be able to fly , and he was also partially deaf . The pilot in the movie who loses his hand represents him . The leader , who was a French-born American and who spoke with a French accent was represented by the brooding , dark-haired leader of the movie . The real stories of these men are actually more interesting than the movie version , but they fictionalized the stories of the pilots so they could combine some personalities and so they could give all of them that lived until the end of the movie a happy ending . Are Americans really that shallow that they would rather have a happy ending than know the truth ? I do n't think so . I think the movie would have been better had they told the real story of these pilots.My criticisms are why I only gave it four stars . I did enjoy it and the theater was full of old people like me so there was not one cell phone open or going off any time during the movie and no children running up and down the aisles . That was a nice change .
 Yes , not the most historically accurate movie but neither was the 1971 movie `` Von Richthofen & Brown '' nor the was the recent 2008 movie `` The Red Baron '' . Each movie has it pros and cons but still this movie was entertaining for those not totally versed in WWI and the air war . The Blu-Ray rendition is quite nice as expected .
 This movie is a very enjoyable movie . With a lot of clever flight action and tactics . For present day standards , it is actually fairly clean . So it can be suitable for family viewing , provided the kids are a little older . The plot centers around a group of American mercenary pilots in France during World War I , prior to the U.S. ' entry into the war . They all come from different backgrounds and they all have different hopes and dreams . And before the movies ends you 'll find yourself really liking every one of them . James Franco portrays the leader of the group and he comes across as likeable . Perhaps a little not quite Texan enough looking , but likeable nonetheless . And the love story between him and an orphaned French girl is a very sweet one . The main flaw I found in the movie is that the dialogue was unusually soft while the background music is unusually loud . Which made it to where at times I found myself reading the subtitles in order to fully understand the plot . -LRB- And I 'm not hard of hearing ! -RRB- However , that flaw is well overcome by the plot and the nice characters . I heartily recommend this movie .
 There is a long tradition of these movies ; Howard Hughes even made one.This movies has some very good aerial shots.The acting is also pretty good . I think this may be a remake ofan older film , but it is in full color.The glamor of the war was in the air with the Red Baron.There were real Americans that actually fought here.WW I was the first of the real dehumanizing warswith the trench lines and poison gas . The fighter pilotsgave a new `` knight '' like quality to war in the air .
 Flyboys has been severely critisized for being historically inaccurate . However , for all other reasons this is a great film . The storyline is top-rate , the effects are stunning , and the actors take the spotlight . Also , as it stars James Franco this film will , most likely , go over well with fans of the spiderman movies -LRB- like me -RRB- . Not to shune the other actors , they all contribute to the movie . The action is also very realistic and sure to keep you on the edge . The life struggles of the characters add a feeling of depth to the film . So if you do n't worry about the historical inaccuracy , this is a film you will enjoy . Join me next time for my reveiw on the 2004 film National Treasure .
 I have to say that after watching Flyboys a few times , I am pretty impressed with it . I am a WWI and WW2 enthusiast , and Flyboys is better than most have said here . Sure , there are some historical mistakes , but overall , the movie is great . There are a lot of historically correct scenes that really make this movie great . Try to overlook all the Fokker triplanes -LRB- a historical mistake in the movie -RRB- and look at the whole story . The writers and directors really portrayed the time period well . The innocence of the time period , the pain , the joy . It was all good . Try to overlook some of the mistakes that were made by the writers and look at the whole story . A few historical mistakes ... sure , but overall , a very accurate movie of WWI air warfare in my humble opinion . I was quite impressed with the movie . Maybe not quite a happy ending , but so is life ...
 The Great War , 1917 . A handful of young Americans volunteered to fight alongside the French against the Germans . They were ordinary boys with one thing in common
 very realistic . the collectors edition has a great bonus disc with heaps of background information that pieces the whole thing together . Lover the flying scenes
 The movie is great I suggest it for all genders and age groups.I have about 25 blu-ray disc and this one is probly the best performing , it loads up with no trailers zero nada just staright to the main menu which was really great.I would suggest play this and Underworld Evolution as your first blu-ray experience , the picture is stunning very clear with no artifacts , the sound is great with the 5.1 DTS.Like another reviewer said this is probly the best blu-ray demo to show your friends or just to impress yourself .
 Fantastic special effects ! Makes one think they 're actually in the air . Period uniforms , period aircraft , and good scenery . The love story part was a bit hokey , but all in all I liked this movie .
 The movie `` Flyboys '' was totally enjoyable ; I have watched it three times already . The title `` Semper Hotelis '' comes from the fact that the `` Flyboys '' were billeted in a Chateau . I am retired from the USAF and while on flying status ususally had the best of accomodations and living conditions . My Dad who was a US Marine and knows how we live/lived got quite a kick out of both the movie and my little quip about Semper Hotelis . The film
 Set against the backdrop of what is pretty much the forgotten war of the 20th century , Flyboys depicts the Americans of the Lafayette Escadrille struggling to combat not only the German foe but also a seemingly endless wave of anachronisms . It is doubtful whether the Huns had that many Fokker triplanes in 1918 , much less a year earlier . Along the way , the viewer is also asked to accept a romantic subplot that is thrown in for -- well , why was it thrown in ? To influence female viewers ? To flesh the protagonist out ? Who can tell?Regardless , the aerial scenes are breathtaking , and more than overcome whatever limitations there are in the plot . In a world where fighter `` jocks '' can kill or be killed from 40 miles away , it is awesome to trace the roots and see a time when men flew in machines made of wood and canvas , and could look one another in the eye .
 My family loved this movie . It is now one of our all time favorites.It definitely keeps your interest-we were sitting on the edge of our seats toward the end .
 You will enjoy this movie - See it on the big screen !
 If you are a fan of WWI movies you will surely remember The Blue Max , an aging but still impressive WWI flying movie . In my opinion Fly Boys is better . Fly Boys sticks more closely to the air combat theme , while still allowing for a human side to the story , and those combat scenes ! They are great.Not wishing to give the story line away to anyone lucky enough to still be looking forward to seeing this film for the first time , I wo n't go into any details , but you will not be disappointed.In particular , the always good Jean Reno as Captain Thenault , Jennifer Decker as Lucienne , and James Franco as Blaine Rawlings were outstanding . My feeling is that this is Jean Reno 's best fit in a role since Ronin . And he has been plenty good in several films since then .
 First I like to address the controversy sustained by various reviewers of this film about accuracy or inaccuracy of historical events.As usually occurs when Hollywood 's products states `` based on historical or true facts '' viewers should take the statement as `` very loosely based on historical or true facts '' , such is the case here . So do not get annoyed when lots of tri-planes shows up or a zeppelin intends to bomb Paris , those are the usual `` historical licenses '' of this kind of films.I regard this movie as an `` action film '' as for example `` Indiana Jones '' or `` The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen '' and as such is quite good . `` Flyboys '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- was directed by multifaceted Tony Bill who is also actor and producer of many films.The story is based on the ventures of young Americans volunteers to become pilots of Lafayette Escadrille . From all over the States with different motivations they go to France without even knowing a French word.There they are trained and launched , still green , into the fry suffering losses and evolving step by step into veteran and even aces.I love the special effects now possible with CGI , crowds of planes may be shown , fighting each other fiercely and giving the word `` action '' a full new meaning.Play acting is correct , with only Jean Reno as Capt. Thenault over par , beautiful French actress Jennifer Decker as Lucienne give way to romance.The runtime , 140 minutes , is a little excessive.A good movie for a variety of audiences
 Contrary to many critics out there , I actually enjoyed this movie . In case you have n't heard anything about the movie , it is about some gutsy American pilots in the Lafayette Escadrille fighting for the French during WWI prior to America 's entry into the war . Some good news for all of you married guys out there ... my wife ca n't stand war flicks -LRB- yes , I dragged her in anyway LOL -RRB- , but she really enjoyed this one . There is enough romance in the movie to keep the women happy , but not so much as to make their male counterparts gag . The dogfighting scenes are amazing . It is the first time I 've seen a movie where the digital effects and standard film are seemless . I really could n't tell the difference ! The extras are worth the purchase . They explain the true story of the pilots , which were just as crazy as the characters portrayed by the actors . These guys flew planes that broke up in hard maneuvers without parachutes , and one other thing ... pet lions . Yeah , I said pet lions . These guys really were crazy!The only reason that I gave this movie four stars instead of five is because of some historical faux-pas any aero dilettante would notice , and James Franco 's metro-blond highlights in a early 20th century setting . Other than that , sit down and enjoy the ride !
 Excellent action movie . If you have a widescreen TV , & surround sound this is a must dvd .
 The movie had lots of great flying scenes , well developed characters , and the extras on the collector 's ecditon DVD were also interesting.This is one of those movies you will want to watch more than once .
 Interesting story . Accuracy of aviation history is not perfect -LRB- all red fokker DR I against Nieuport 17 -RRB- and a lot of computer generated imagery . Anyway a good aircraft/war movie .
 I like history a lot and thought this movie did a good job for the most part of the real facts . I thought the action was very great to see and even more great on the big screen and dolby digital . I would recommend anyone interested in WWI history to see this film .
 Many people complaining about this film complain about either the CGI effects and apparent over-use or just plain horrible -LRB- in the minds of those reviewers -RRB- effects , or they complain about the fact that the film is riddled with one cliche after another . I would say the film is guilty as charged in those areas , but that does n't mean it is n't a fun movie to watch and enjoy.I love the early years of aviation , the old style dog fighting in bi-planes and the like , so I thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to go see Flyboys on the big screen . While not the greatest film , it was worth the price of admission and was filled with enough aircraft acrobatics to be great fun.Thankfully this disc comes with some interesting extras in the special features that help raise the value when considering a purchase . Personal recommendation , watch for sales on this title and get a copy of this film at a bargain price . While I find it fun and worth owning in my library , the MSRP is a bit on the higher side for this title , so you may wish to wait for a nice sale to grab your copy .
 It is n't the best movie in the world , but it is definitely one that should be watched in HD with Surround Sound . It is a must for my library .
 I know this movie has a lot of historical inaccuracies and a lot of cliches but it is fun for my 10th grade students . I use it to teach how hollywood glorifies history and rewrites it for the sake of entertainment . And 10th grade students understand cliches . After all , I would not be able to show them All Quiet on the Western Front or Joyeux Noel . They would fall asleep . I do n't even have to censor part of the movie ! The movie is good for them .
 I orginally saw the movie and thought it was ok . However , I teach some lower level social studies classes and use this film with WWI . Combined with readings and information about WWI this film is quite good . More important , it take a topic many of my students are not interested in , WWI , and makes it more interesting to them.Critics did not like this movie , I like it more each time I see it . Granted I have watched it numerous times with 15 years olds , but seeing how much they get into the story excites me as an educator.Again , it is a much better film than critics would have lead you to believe . The story is nice and the special effects are great .
 As someone who is a WW1 history buff , plays flight sims , and has seen all the other WW1 fighter movies ; I found Flyboys to be entertaining and mostly accurate in it 's history.It annoys me to see so many people ignorant of the facts posting reviews about things that are supposedly unrealistic in the movie , when in fact they actually did happen or could have easily happened.I guess they just assume that many aspects of the movie must be impossible because they are so unusual or seemingly outlandish to the viewer , but that 's simply the result of their misconceptions and preconceived ideas .
 I purchased the video on a whim , did n't expect to love it , but I do . I like James Franco , but I thought it would probably be a guy 's movie . However it really drew me in with the excellent music , wonderful flying sequences and interesting story lines . Good acting ! The color and the particular shade of the blue Escadrille uniforms are/is -LRB- ca n't decide -RRB- very pleasing to the eye . Of course , the truth is that I looked at the producer 's and director 's commentary first to find out how they did their flying and other tricks . I like to know what those making the film tried to do and whether or not they feel they reached their goals.I do n't know how many women will care for it , but I hope they 'll try it because not only is action emphasized in the movie , but feelings as well . The characters were developed using the feats and experiences of several members of the Escadrille . It is entertainment , yet everyone connected with the movie has taken care to be as historically accurate as possible . Some reviewers have referred to the number of cliches in the film , but are events cliches if they have a basis in fact ? If `` cliche '' facts are not included , does that not take us even further from the truth ?
 I have enjoyed watching `` Flyboys '' several times . The special effects are outstanding and very lifelike . One of the features that I really enjoyed was watching the bonus features at the end . I noticed that one of the people interviewed was from Colorado and as a result I went to his museum and checked out versions of some of the planes represented in the movie.I find the investment in time and money for this feature was well worth it .
 Great movie . Great action scenes . I am a collector of military items and avaid reader . Although the story is based on the real squadron , it is still fictional . But is is a fun movie to watch . Enjoy !!
 The movie as other reviewers have commented provides the viewer with a realistic and near historically correct account of early fighter plane and pilot experiences in the WW1 . The dogfight and bombing scenes are spectacular and convey the perils of early fighter plane flying . The touch of romanticism is subtle and makes the picture more appealing to a wider audience who might be put off thinking it is just a war movie . I thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie and would actualy give it 4.5 stars .
 I really enjoyed this movie , a true to life story . It 's about a subject this generation knows little about ... WW1 . the film flowed and was very entertaining . the story line was true and not so over the top , as some movies go . It 's a great movie to watch on the weekend , when the weather is bad and your staying home . You really ca n't go wrong with this movie in your collection . trust me , you will enjoy it ... women will like it 's story line also ... it 's not just about guys fighting in the sky .
 This movie was absolutely great !! It was fantastic on the big screen and I ca n't wait until it comes out on dvd . I wish it had come out for christmas . It would have been on the top of my list !
 Many people perhaps did n't know that Americans had to volunteer to the French forces before America entered WWI . This movie does a great job of showing how some of them volunteered for the Air Force known as the Escadrille Lafayette . The acting is excellent , and the movie flows well between the acting sets , stunts , and CGI shots . So well in fact it makes you feel you are there . My hat is off to the producer , director , actors , and all others involved in making this movie . I have n't seen an airplane movie this good in a long , long time . Even the romance was so well done it does n't burden the movie down , but helps uplift it . This one is up there with those like `` The Blue Max '' . I highly recommend it . I have every intention of buying it myself since it has great replayability .
 This is an underappreciated film . Its based on composite characters and the exploits of the Lafayette Escadrille -LRB- Lafayette Squadron -RRB- of the fledgling French Air Force in the trench warfare days of WW I prior to the US joining the effort . In the days before reliable combat aircraft , no parachutes , no aircraft radios , and next to no instruments , flying by `` the seat of one 's pants '' was the norm . Low level , low speed flying gets plenty fast when you are only 300 feet off the ground in a dogfight ! The CGI graphics are , overall , excelllent , at least by today 's standards , with computer 's doing a passable job of demonstrating the various flight characteristics of the various aircraft -LRB- fighters , bombers , and zeppalins -RRB- of the day , including crews crawling out on the wings to service engines during a mission!This film , and the historical information on the bonus DVD , does a good job in not only demonstrating the world of aviation in WW I , but also in appealing to viewers who enjoy good historical fiction . As with `` Memphis Belle , '' all the various events in the movie actually occured -LRB- or something very much like them -RRB- , though perhaps with a bit of `` Hollywood '' thrown in for romance , time constraints , etc. .
 I saw this in the theater and could n't wait to get it on dvd . I could n't believe such a great movie got such ho-hum treatment by the critics , but as usual , what do they know . I 'd rate this the 2nd all-time best war movie , after Private Ryan . -LRB- With Enemy at the Gates # 3 -RRB- . I am so glad they make movies like this , to educate people about long-forgotten times . It has everything , action packed scenes , Americans volunteering to go in harm 's way - once again in France . The Lafayette Escadrille was a volunteer group of American aviators , similar to the Flying Tigers in WW2 - the AVG -LRB- American Volunteer Group -RRB- . This is WWI , and it follows their adventures and combat , they are trained by the French , and fly their planes into the teeth of combat with Germany 's best . I was amazed at the accuracy of many details , like the German infantry 's uniforms , and correct rifles , and the use of the lozenge camoflage on the German bombers - all correct . I love it when war movies get it right . And this one has some super action scenes that will take your breath away as you hang there in the sky with the flyboys with not much more than canvas and string for wings and a single-blade wooden prop , it is so harrowing and uplifting to see . Talk about entertainment . I absolutely love this movie and am proud to own it . This was by far the best movie of 2006 . It seems impossible that it is such a well-kept secret .
 What Flyboys is not is a documentary . I can see that pains a lot of people reviewing it , because they did n't have those planes that year , or they did n't fire that ammo that year , or the planes are the wrong color , or zeppelins did n't bomb in the daytime . What . Ever . Go rent a documentary or read a history book if that 's what you seek . This movie was BASED on a true story , and did not claim to be factual in every way.Flyboys was a story about people with nothing to lose . For the most part , they came from various trials in life back in the States that seemed hopeless for them , and they were committed to making a meaningful contribution in the great war , regardless of the risk to their own lives . -LRB- just like the fine men and women in our military today -RRB- . They must overcome cultural , racial and national prejudices to do so.This is the first movie I 've watched in some time which cast the French in a positive light . It reminded me that they were once a brave nation that stood to fight against those that would overrun them . I thoroughly enjoyed Jean Reno as French Capt. Thenault of the Lafayette Escadrille . Although the script nods to the French disdain for Americans , it 's not long before we see Thenault 's compassion , love and admiration for the yankee expats who have come to die for his country and cause.This film both condemns and glamorizes war . We see front-line battle , the death of civilians , the destruction of beautiful historical buildings , the struggle with killing , the admiration of a skilled enemy and both honor and disgrace in battle . There are also the thrills of victory , however small , bitterness of loss and defeat , and hope for the future.It is laced with a love story made to feel genuine by the lack of common language . That love goes surprisingly unfulfilled at the end , as was surely the case uncountable times in the Euro wars -LRB- or any for that matter -RRB- . There are no big name actors to suck the air from the film , so it is an opportunity to enjoy some fresh faces and performances . One of my favorites was Michael Jibson as Porter , flying into battle singing `` Onward Christian Soldiers '' . It was funny because the Germans could hear him as he was doing battle with them . Jennifer Decker as Lucienne was WOW good-looking . And when she was injured , she was made to look so , instead of glam wounded . Gunnar Winbergh played the evil German ace Black Falcon , and without a word of dialog he makes us hate every molecule of his being.Bottom line , this was a fun flick . I watched it twice in one weekend . If you 're so into WW1 artifacts and minutia re-creationism that it means everything , I feel sorry for you that you would let it spoil your enjoyment of Flyboys .
 That 's my movie going philosophy and it has worked well for me for fourty years.just settle down and wait and see what they start feeding you.If they are true to the art , you will be happy , more or less than other times but still some kind of happy.If they are dishonest and try to push you into believing something they have decided is commercially effective , it will show soon and you can leave or try to get something out of it.When I was a boy , `` The Blue Max '' came out and we spent our out of class time discussing how cool it was . ` Knights of the Air ' is the romantic view many of us have held since then about WW1 fighter pilots , much as the original volunteers thought as they went into service.This film , in my opinion is the best representaion of that ideal tempered by the reality of the brutality of war.I expected less and enjoyed it more for doing so.The details were great -LRB- costumes , set , details of training . -RRB- The story was so ripe for cheesyness but was cut to perfection.The ` heroes ' were not allowed to overplay their cliches.They were simply portraied as the types of young men we all know now as the types of young men who go to war.Neither were the villians . -LRB- One with honor , one without . -RRB- Only viewed as they went about their business of killing.This , I really appreciated.I used to work on biplanes and I really enjoyed all of the flying scenes.I never saw a plane do what it could n't . And the decision to make each flying scene show that the Americans had learned more about how to survive a dogfight was a great touch , something i have never seen in a war movie before.The plot plan to aim the final fight between the young american and the seasoned german ace-hole was very well done.The cgi was , in my opinion , just fine . I watched the movie again with the commentary on and was surprised at many of the revelations about what was real and what was n't . I do disagree with everyone in Hollywood who thinks that a war movie needs a love story to be successful.I do n't care if the box office agrees with them.This is definitely the best WW1 war flick of this century . -LRB- Remember , I remember the last century . -RRB-
 Perhaps I should have my husband type this review , the CDs were for him . He especially likes movies that combine history and action , and if airplanes are involved , he is very happy . He has had a lifelong love for airplanes , and is the one we always turn to and ask , `` What kind of plane was that ? '' He was on the edge of the sofa through most of the movie , and his comment at the end was `` That was very good , something I 'll keep and watch over again . '' It sits right beside his copy of `` Pearl Harbor '' , the movie with Ben Alleck and Josh Hartnett . The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 is because as a child I heard stories from a family friend who was in the Lafayette Escadrille , and he described hours and days of tedium and deprivation , not a lot of dash and glory in his stories . Dash and glory sells movies , and this one has it .
 Like many have said before , this was a film I waited months to see as well . That kind of anticipation can swing both ways , setting one up for either a great film viewing experience of a real let-down . Flyboys kept me at the edge of my seat the whole time . If you are concerned with the technical details of aircraft , insignia and flying techniques , then just relax , please ! This is a entertainment , not a didactic examination of aerial combat . There was one comment about `` physics '' and aviation here . One must remember that Bill needs to appeal to the audience of 2006 , most of whom who have seen airships move through space and time in the blink of an eye cinematically , and who have traveled on commercial aircraft , if not experienced ski-jets , ninja bikes and ultra-fast rollercoater rides . So , how do you make aircraft that travel along at barely over 100 mph look exciting on the screeen . Perhaps a little poetic license is to be permitted , no ? If the acting was less then stellar , I did n't seem to notice . I cared about the characters . I wanted them to succeed and survive . Sure , there were cliches in abundance , but I did n't mind . There are cliches in just about every action film I 've seen in the last decade.And the love story was touching and kept the film from being a stringing together of combat sequences -LRB- which , incidently , were stunning -RRB- . I came to this picture with a bit of a bias as I love reading and learning about combat aircraft of the two world wars . Flyboys was exactly the type of film I was looking forward to seeing . It embraces a time when air combat was still almost hand to hand , and could be face to face.There is a certain existentialism about the short lives these men led and yet they would n't have made their choices differently.I am grateful to the producers and all involved in making a film that is the noble aspects of human beings , as opposed to making entertainment about people doing `` dumb '' things or mountains of ironic statements .
 Let 's say it clear . This is not only a remarkable gaze around those epic times where to fly a plane was a true invitation to a secure death ; far beyond the different approaches or motivations of a crowd of people who decided to enlist in this air-force ; extraordinary well supported by visual effects , that tell us about the courage , bravery and epic spirit of a bunch of men without name but with enormous wishes of winning an absurd war.Although the dramatic construction has told so many times before , there are moments of undeniable tenderness when the love appears by mere casualty . The racial prejudices , the coveted revenge of a spiritually man wounded for having lost his old partners , the spiritual growing up of another one and the heroic disinterestedness of a Texan boy who have nothing to lose in this conflict because he has no family , a loser from of his own country who finds a motive to demonstrate himself and his country he is much more a simple inheritor of a farm , vanished by legal reasons.But the highlight of this movie are undeniably , the spectacular aerial sequences , plenty of adrenaline and mercurial vitality . The camerawork is overwhelming and so the two climax final sequences that obviously will run for you once you rent or acquire it .
 Pretty darn good . The action , that is . While hopelessly historically inaccurate in way to many aspects I thoroughly enjoyed the movie because of its wonderful ability to depict what it really was like in the skies above France . The love story was well controlled -LRB- compared to pearl harbor -RRB- and the basic storyline was rather good . All in all , I 've enjoyed watching this movie thoroughly , and suggest it , despite its flaws . Franco rocks !
 This was a very enjoyable movie . I think the reason it did not receive better reviews when it was on the big screen is because it lacks foul language and sexual content and does n't move at the rapid pace so many of the movies do now . It was good and the cinematography was a treat to watch .
 ` Flyboys ' is a great epic movie . It zeros in on a group of American World War I flying aces , volunteering before President Wilson reluctantly brought U.S. involvement into the war . Blaine Rawlings -LRB- James Franco -RRB- is the main protagonist . Born and bred as a cowboy in Texas , he volunteers for the bravado of adventure . He is joined by a wealthy American ; an African-American who has expatriated to Paris as a boxer -LRB- and volunteered to fight wanting to escape both boxing and America -RRB- ; a pure-bred Bible Christian with a mission ; a failed ex-con , fleeing the country ; and an American trying to keep the family military lineage going . They join up with a French flying unit and are under the wing of an arrogant and wary American pilot residing at a mansion sized estate and their French commander , Capt. Thenault . Their mission proves to be more daunting than their initial cockiness calls them to be , but they soon learn and develop pilot and combat skills.The movie contains some dizzying airborne scenes that surpass post-modern expectations . -LRB- If this movie is n't playing at the I-Max , then it should be . Afterall , it would be a missed opportunity on the part of both the purveyor and the audience . -RRB- Besides a compelling plot -LRB- which is based on a true story , afterall -RRB- there 's good comraderie and a romance added well to the mix . The former provides some well-developed complications and entertainment . For the romance , the innocent balcony-type scenes could n't possibly offend anyone . If there seems to be a distance between Rawlings and his French girl , Lucianne -LRB- Jennifer Decker -RRB- , it 's because of a language barrier -LRB- something quite natural , for crying out loud ! -RRB- But if love is a language , then there is a connection that surpasses the lack of dialogue . There are n't going to be any prizes awarded for the acting , but Franco is likable enough as the swaggering Rawlings , and the rest of the cast provide engaging performances , nevertheless . The tension and resentment based on class , experience , arrogance , and race is certainly given a believable treatment . How they can cover all of the bases , clock in without becoming tedious , mix it all up without becoming jarring , and provide an uplifting experience amongst the war and strife is a major achievement.Not to be too reactionary , but there 's something to be said about the criticism of ` Flyboys ' . To some it will seem like a cornball adventure . First , one must divide the worthy corn from the shmaltzy . This film works . -LRB- To be fair , critics do honor corny movies , but no one dies in ` Hoosiers ' or ` Field of Dreams ' . -RRB- Perhaps this movie makes some people uncomfortable because it does honor bravery in battle , chivalry , and comraderie . -LRB- ` Flyboys ' does contain some inspiring , but dated little pep talks that may inspire the `` cliche ' '' label . -RRB- It may glorify the war experience , but it certainly does n't hedge about the horrors . Wisely , almost expertly , they glide over the atrocities of war in a way that is both unvarnished , but not enough to entirely gross out the audience . Nothing is swept under the rug . As the new volunteers pass by casualties on a train platform , they find plenty of war 's realities . -LRB- And , so does the audience . -RRB- I also believe that there may be less enthusiasm for ` Flyboys ' because the German army presented has almost a generation remaining before they become Nazis -LRB- even if the enemy is certainly presented with enough menace -RRB- . I prefer movies that promote peace over war . But if there is to be war , movies like ` Flyboys ' are inspiring works which showcase four flying aces that show courage , heart , and chivalry . ` Flyboys ' is a great war movie that soars !
 Why James Franco does n't get more recognition is beyond me . I compare him to a young Johnny Depp ; Good-looking in a non-conventional way , slightly boyish with a little bit of a rebel in him . Again , he does an amazing job in this film . Regardless of how you feel about him , you will definitely end up rooting for his character throughout the whole film.Not a James Franco fan ? This film is still great . Based on true events , the movie truly has you on the edge of your seat the whole time . All of the characters bring something lovable to the movie , and you 'll be watching it again and again .
 i have n't watched this movie . it was purchased for a christmas present . i heard about this movie on american family radio and they gave it wonderfuly reviews . my brother is ex-military and loves these types of movie . since afr gave them a wonderful review , i thought this would be something that he would enjoy .
 Flyboys is an extordinary movie about the brave soldiers who flew and fought in world war one . This movie is excellent the movie is about world war one where Fance & germany were at war and about the first war pilots and how plane became one of the most powerful war machines in history . James Franco did an excellent job at his part . I really enjoyed this film and i think it should be showen in history classes in all schools .
 That `` Strange History '' guy is right . It does n't really teach you a lot about WWI . Oh well . I guess it 's not meant to be educational . Also , another thing is that you can tell the writers tried to put some humor into the movie , but it does n't really work . The movie is still great though . I liked how they added a fictional villain . It made it a lot more interesting , and he could of existed . A lot of people say this is a chick flick , but it 's not . You 're thinking of dreamgirls . This movie is for men ! With beutifully filmed flying scenes , a good plot , some romance , lots and lots of violence , and a climatic ending , this movie is sure to be a hit with your whole family !
 I rented the DVD and will be buying a copy -LRB- from Amazon of course -RRB- . The reviews suggested this could be a stinker , but as I am interested in aviation history and like watching airplanes I decided to view the movie . Parts of the story are a bit corny but the story of the training was quite good . Although much of the flying was special effects , it carried with it a feeling of accuracy . Some of the heroes die and as mentioned in the movie WWI flyers had a horrible life expectancy . Part of the reason was the fact that the planes were flimsy and parachutes by and large were not used . To those who complained that real airplanes were not used , you only have to follow aviation and note the number of `` warbirds '' flown by enthusiasts that have crashed with quite a few fatalities - even when flown by experts -- and these are much safer World War II and post-war planes . Making a movie like this is not worth endangering flyers ' lives - cgi is good enough for me -- I do not feel cheated . It was a long movie but did not feel long . Great Zeppelin and bomber scenes were good watching . I really enjoyed FLYBOYS .
 Let me say this ... I will never ... and I mean NEVER listen to the critics again ... EVER !!!!!!!! I remember when FLYBOYS was about to be released into the theater and I was very excited , but then I read the reviews and my excitement waned and I never saw it . Then I saw the DVD was coming out and so I read the REAL reviews , the ones from the actual fans.And they were mostly positive!So I watched FLYBOYS and I was so moved and excited while watching this movie !!! WOW ! I can not express how great this movie was . It was not predictable . The dog fights were great and if you are afraid this is just going to be PEARL HARBOR you are wrong . By the way , I did like Pearl Harbor . It just took time getting used to , but not with FLYBOYS !!! The music , the story , the excitement , the scenery . This is a beautiful movie and I am so upset I never got to see this on the big screen . Please do not make the mistake I did and listen to the critics . I do n't know what movie they saw , but I am telling you , this is a great epic war movie and one that I am very proud to own !
 Its sad that the movie will only last a week or two in the theatres since it is a good rip roaring adventure that loosely follows the Lafayette Escadrille in WWI . The special effects are excellent , the planes and action appears to be real . If you get a chance see it on the big screen , it will lose a lot on video
 Who says they do n't make films like the once did ? This reminded me of the Hell 's Angels and other WW I melodramas . Hero , villains who get their comeuppance , wonderful special effect and those beautiful planes in that beautiful scenery . I could n't ask for a more delightful pass time . Highly recommended .
 Impressive is the realistic romance that was portrayed for that time in history with our hero the cowboy -LRB- James Franco -RRB- and the french girl -LRB- Jennifer Decker -RRB- . This reminded me of a book i read by Vera Brittain the `` Testament of Youth '' of how innocent and cavalier this generation was at that time . Her most intimate memory of a man she loved was the warmth of his hand she felt through her gloved hand was similar to the courtship in this movie . For the sake of being a pilot and doing flight simulation with aircraft i 'll never get to fly this is a time period movie i enjoyed as much since the film `` The Blue Max '' for the romance of flying has been a real treat to see the souls that pioneered in the Great War with aircraft that are agile as a ballerina but fragile as a butterfly when handled . This being maneovers that involve piroettes because of the slower speeds compared to jets that generally use a 5 mile turning radius . Jet fighters that are built to handle at least 10 times the weight in horizontal or vertical turns the World War I fighter could easily rip apart it 's canvas fabric or wooden structure is shown in the flying sequences . The french Nieuport is very pleasing to the eye as the fine figure for a woman . The vertical tail looks as if the french flag was hung off the end with the corners edges rounded off just as also the german Fokker 's horizontal tail is shaped like a falcon 's is a treasure trove to visualize in this film . I greatly appreciation that the director took to explain and portray these men and flying machines during this era how they were both utilized . It is my regret that not many people saw this film in the theater to care and understand the spirit of adventure that parallels or own lives .
 The first time I saw this movie was in my global II class and we were learning about WWI . My teacher played some scenes from the movie like the `` Dogfight '' . . etc. . Well as she was playing it I realized that James Franco is in it and I absolutly love him in everything he does . . You will not be disappointed !!
 This is a lavish , big-budget look at the LaFayette Escadrille - the American fighter pilots who volunteered for France before their country entered World War One . The locales , the sets , the costumes , the equipment , and , of course , the airplanes - what a pageant ! There is an engaging mix of characters
 Unlike the 20 some movie that I watched on Blu-ray with either mediocre picture quality or picture freezing problem or grainy picture or too dark transfer -- This one sets a new higher standard for Blu-ray ! Movie
 Not since The Blue Max has a neck scarf been so necessary . Oh sure Isadora Duncan got in trouble with one but do n't let that stop you . This is why you go to movies . This is life bigger and better than you live it . And if there is a bit of smaltz or a touch of cheese , let the critics sort it out.What you have here is a perfect popcorn movie . The girl is pretty , the guy is heroic and the bad guy is ... well , bad.Even better the writer and director of this film let the story do its job and did n't try to make it a bio-flick or a dramedy . Sure the Fokker tripe was the most feared aircraft of World War I and the only flock of Fokkers with the blood red bodies belonged to The Red Baron and his brothers but why retell a story that has been told before.There is a nice nod to Von Richtofen , the first celebrity warrior and in most accounts a real knight of the air . The Germans are n't Hun devils killing on sight and the real dirty work at the crossroads is left to a guy who doens ' t play well with others , even on his own side.Don ' t expect to get a first class education about war in the air but do load up on popcorn . Okay , truth be told this is a film that can stand up to a good brew or a beaker of Scotch , so get the libations ready , put Edith Piaf on the turntable , dim the lights and bring on the kites . Look there , coming out of the sun !!!
 How many World War One aviation movies are actually out there ? From what I recall , hardly none , so this movie was enjoyable to watch . This movie is no way like Peral Harbor . There are a few scenes during the movie where the pilot meets up with the girl and talk but that 's about it . Any true aviation and/or aviation history fan would like this movie .
 Not an epic film , but it does what a movie is supposed to do
 This movie is very good but has some slight falseness . First a zepplin could fly much higher than a byplane and travelled in groups generally . I was a little pissed about how they painted the Dr.I triplanes . Red barron had a blood red triplane and all the rest were uasally green and red . I have seen color pictures of a black Dr.I but it was taken at least after WWII and did not have a falcon painted on the side . Of course there were different names for most of the pilots but that is in every war movie made for entertainment like the new Pearl Harbor -LRB- Where do you get Danny and Rafe from Taylor and Welsh -RRB- . The thing that lost it 's hand would not have flown again after being convicted of crime . I was glad to see a case of battle fatigue because Ive never seen that in a war movie rated PG-13 . So if you are going to see an accurate war film look somewhere else like The Blue Max but if you want to be entertained see it .
 Flyboys is the true story of the Lafayette Escadrille , an elite group of flyers during WWI that US citizens were allowed to join before America had formally entered the war . Much like the French Foreign Legion , it was made up of men who , for the most part , were running away from something or were out for adventure . One man in particular from Texas , Blaine Rawlings - played engagingly by James Franco -LRB- James Dean , Spiderman -RRB- - is particularly laid back about the whole affair , until he finds himself in his first dogfight . Then reality sets in and he realizes why the average life expectancy for these flyers is three to six weeks.Director Tony Bill -LRB- The Sting - producer -RRB- gives his film a traditional epic look with gorgeous cinematography , sweeping locations and authentic details , while also using CGI technology to good effect in the flying sequences . This film far surpasses The Aviator , which did little more than prepare the way for this more masterful handling of early military aviation and the dogfight sequences in particular . There are also some exciting rescue missions that have us on the edge of our seats , as well as the downing of a zeppelin that has set out to bomb Paris.Besides the action in the air and on the ground , there is a sweet love story between Franco 's character , Rawlings , and a French country girl named Laura , played winsomely by Ruth Bradley . There are also some well-developed character studies among the rest of the pilots
 There are very few films being made about WWI and this was one of the best I 'd seen . The special effects are great , but not intrusive . The characters are memorable and stick closely to the actual history of the Lafayette Escadrelle . It also has a real power to make us understand how it felt to be flying in those very early days . I would highly recommend it to any war buff or person interested in feeling what it must have been like to be a fighter pilot during WWI .
 Finally a WWI Air combat film which are n't done very much . This film as SPECTACULAR in its multiple air combat footage , NO hints of computer animation , excellent plot , and a stand up performance by Jean Reno -LRB- The Professional -RRB- as French Squadron captain , and great sets . Yes , there is a small element of a love story here but beleivable to the times and does not dominate the movie 's theme . You end up staying watching the credits after the movie !!! How many times does one do that?This is a must see movie , historcally accurate , even to the point that costumes are all wool and leather , if you have read your WWI history . This one is a sleeper and I predict some sort of Oscar nominiation aty least for either direction , cinematography , or costume design.I 'll be getting this one on DVD as a `` good match '' to the `` Flying Leathernecks '' with John Wayne . Do n't miss Flyboys .
 Wow , what a great movie !! This movie has great acting , special effects and amazing action and its expertly directed and written . I didnt have the chance to see this in theaters because our theater never got it , but The dvd and all the extra features are fantastic , I bought the collectors edition . WW ! history is my favorite and I am proud to say this is highly accurate with a few things changed . What a great buy and wonderful film , wish they made more films like this one .
 Excellent documentary drama . If you enjoy history you will love this ! Would have liked the happy ever after ending though .
 Wow ! The DVD arrived in record time.My wife and I watched it together.I enjoyed the fact that it wasbased on true historical facts .
 I watched with a retired 85 yr old pilot . What a thrill to hear comments about propellers , wings , take-offs and landings ... then a few thrown in about his own hairy rides .
 I love history and this movie and how well it tells a story and how it was and how sweet it is and tough these guys were in these plans . The case was shipped broken and all else was fine . I have the DVD but its without a case and this is the 3rd one I have gotten like that .
 Lots of action & characters were great . It made you feel a part of the movie at that time & place
 I had seen this before and wanted a copy so I could watch it again . It was made well and the story appeared to be based on real people . They gave notes at the end as to what happened to different men in the squad .
 The movie has a really great story to it . The casting for this movie was amazibg , and the . Director did a great job making the planes look real
 This Is a extreme violent movie Not for Children or Someone that has a problem with violence . I compare this movie with Pearl Harbor which many say Its a terrible movie but I find exciting , I find this movie more exciting and more realistic than The Blue Max
 Its a cool movie of how people adapted to flying and fighting . There is a cool love story to go with it .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE THE ACTION THE STORY LINE THE RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN THE PEOPLE ITS A MOVIE YOU CAN WATCH 2 OR 3 TIMES
 While the story drifts at times , it is still an entertaining movie with great dogfight scenes . Makes you wonder what early fighter pilots went through .
 this is a sweet movie . There is one inappropriate scene for preteens -LRB- a house of ill-repute -RRB- , but the story is great.Action for the guys and a love story for the gals .
 I have watched this movie 3 times . I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . The only complaint I have is the fact that the german tri planes are almost all red . Which is totally inaccurate . The only plane that was red in reality , was the Red Baron . Who was not even in this movie , otherwise all the americans would be dead . roflol : -RRB- Seriously though , the fighting sequences are great to watch , especially when you see the bullets flying through the air . If they would come out with more movies like this one , with the same technology , that would be great . Maybe less romance , and more flying action . the flying sequences were too short in my opinion . Worth buying and enjoyable !!
 Having spent over 30 years of my life in military avation I enjoyed the movie very much .
 I ordered two copies of this movie for two families with preadolescent boys . Having seen The Flyboys , I knew it was a great movie for kids . Both families were delighted with a great evening of good movie watching .
 ` Flyboys ' is one of the best films I have ever seen , period . I was a skeptic of the movie at first , there have been so many good war movies made already , what could this one do to top any of them ? While watching however , I was pleasantly surprised by not only the acting and storyline , but the soundtrack by Trevor Rabin put this one over the top.Also , ` Flyboys ' is based on the real life adventures of the Escadrille Lafayette , created during the early years of WWI by the French to allow volunteer American pilots to fight even though the U.S. had not entered the war . The fact that every character in this film was real makes it hit home . You really become attached to each of the main characters as they struggle to live and fight honorably in a war with very little purpose behind it . ` Flyboys ' is the first ` modern ' era film to attempt a portrayal of this particular story , and it does an AMAZING job . The effects , particularly the dogfights , are epic , and as mentioned , Trevor Rabin 's soundtrack compliments the movie perfectly . The film summarizes itself succinctly during the opening titles ... `` Though the airplane was only recently invented , it was quickly adapted for war . The young men who flew them became the first fighter pilots , and a new kind of hero was born ... `` This movie is a must have for any cinema enthusiast or history buff , and spring an extra couple of bucks for the collector 's edition , it comes with some neat postcards .
 I for one loved this movie , my family loved it . Even my 64 year old war-veteran father who is very , very picky loved it . I for one am getting sick of all the critics dumping on it . The only other places I 've seen aerial action this exciting and dynamic is in the `` Star Wars '' film series , `` Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow '' and the 1995 TV series `` Space
 This is one of the few WW I movies that portrays the true life experiences of the `` Escadrille de Lafayette . '' It is based on true heroes and your average , every day `` Joe '' that joined up prior to the US entrance into WW I. Unfortunately , but truthfully , it also shows the discrimination against African Americans by their own country , but not by France . The extras contained in this `` Collector 's Edition '' are worthwhile for a change and provide a lot of background information for those too young to be familiar with `` The War TO End All Wars . ''
 I have now concluded critics are the only ones wrong more often than liberal pundits and weather men . This ranks in the top 5 war movies I have ever seen and I have seen them all . WWI is the forgotten war and brave American expatriots who volunteered to fight with the French were not only ahead of their countrymen . they were ahead of their time . Airplanes were only 12 years old when they were adapted for combat use.The characters were strong and believeable . Their evolution from civilian to warrior is timeless while the bonds forged in combat are never reproduced under any other circumstances . The special effects were stunning . It wins on every level.I could speculate ad nauseum as to why films like The Patriot and Gods and Generals are assasinated out of the gate but the bottom line in critics are captive to agendas that have nothing to do with good films . You owe it to yourself to check this one out . You will not be disappointed .
 For some reason , critics generally do n't get this type of movie . Maybe they 're too young . Maybe they have no affection for -LRB- or perhaps knowledge of -RRB- the genre war movies of the 40s . They want these movies to be `` meaningful '' . They want them to `` resonate '' . But movies like this are just fun , like the old Errol Flynn/Clark Gable/John Wayne movies . They are Saturday afternoon popcorn movies , and there are n't nearly enough of them . I did n't care how `` accurate '' the movie was . I had fun . I loved it . And the romance -LRB- no sex -RRB- occupied only a small part of it , as it should -LRB- unlike Pearl Harbor , which sank under the weight of it -RRB- .4 stars out of 5 due to its being somewhat overlong . But it definitely should be seen at least once on the big screen.Old-fashioned , cliche-ridden , and predictable . But loads of fun . Highly recommended .
 This is a very good movie . Being an aviation buff for many years , I am so glad that movie making technology has reached the state it has today when aircaft have a chance to be represented at least CLOSE to what they actually looked like . Just look at some of the previous movies where enemy aircraft have been represented by aircraft which they did not even closely resemble
 This is an excellent film . It captures much of the ordinary heroic reality of men 's lives in the air during the first world war . The acting is excellent , but people used to the over-the-top emotionalism of most acting these days are probably not going to appreciate it . There is no self-pity and no tantrums.They captured the historical reality of air missions during the first world war as well as anyone ever has . And the CGI , despite its limitations visually , allowed them to recreate a richer variety of aircraft in battle than previous live-action films were able to show . With some notible exceptions , many past WWI air films ended up in the air being dogfights between a small set of fighters . This is different.The film has a strong male point of view to it which is almost never seen these days . Rather than drunk supermen with a gun in one hand and a woman in the other ready , rather than prettyboys -LRB- Top Gun -RRB- , rather than crybabies , you get ordinary guys with motivations that most people can understand.Jean Reno as Capt. Thenault does an excellent job in playing his part as well.This is a first-class retelling of some of the stories of the Escadrille LaFayette . Most films these days are unwatchable junk . This was a notiable exception .
 This really is a must see blue ray disc . I read a lot of reviews before getting and must say I see what all the excitement was about . Watching this movie on blue ray is a treat in itself . The movie was okay but the specail effects and photography really made it an exciting expierence .
 Highly entertaining movie . There 's action , romance , tragedy , comedy ... The historical purists will cry foul at the historical inaccuracies , but for the most part , those inaccuracies were intentional -- in order to make the film a little more accessible for viewers who have n't spent years studying WWI aviation . I spotted several `` ooh , that 's not right ! '' moments , but in the end , they did n't take away from my enjoyment of the film.The CGI dogfights are well-done , in my opinion . Would it have been better if they had used real planes ? You bet ! Would using real planes have been a realistic objective ? NO ! Those old planes were dangerous as heck when they were brand new , and even modern reproduction methods have n't done much to reduce the risk . Put 40 or 50 planes in the air at once and try to choreograph a dogfight -- someone 's gon na die . And not all of those original pilots died in combat . There were shockingly high numbers of men killed due to engine failure and other mechanical failures . If you use CGI , you can eliminate most of the risk , plus you can get more realistic with crates catching fire , breaking up in mid-air , crashing , etc.The extras on the 2-disc DVD are pretty extensive , cover the making of the movie , and address some of the gaps between the film and the true history .
 This movie was pretty good . I agree with the first review that there are n't enough war films made today , especially World War I movies . The film is fairly accurate in its depiction of the squadron . I find it amazing and somewhat odd that the real guys actually had a pet lion . The love story in it is somewhat obtrusive , but does n't ruin it . The ending makes the love story more realistic . -LRB- You 'll see . -RRB- Of course , it would n't be a good WWI flick without the evil German pilot with a scar , mowing down helpless airmen on the ground . Will he meet his match?Luckily , there 's only one or two corny moments . The character who stands out the most is Jean Reno , the ever dependable supporting actor , perfectly cast in this authority role.The special affects are good too . I never once thought I was looking into a video game . -LRB- * Note to parents
 The true story of the Lafayette Escadrille comes to life in MGM 's action packed war movie `` Flyboys '' The young american men who fought for the French and became the first fighter pilots during the Great War . It 's one of the best war movies ever made , a thrill ride into history , the best WWI movie since `` All Quiet on the Western Front '' It 's spectacular , a great war film . See `` Flyboys ''
 Dont waste your time reading the wanabe Movie Critics reviews it 's a good movie on a great story just get it and enjoy it .
 While this film may not win an academy award the aerial fighting sequences make it well worth the money -- plus the acting from relatively unknown actors was not bad at all -- Those people who tout all the films historical errors tis IS a fictionalized account of Lafayette Escadrille how many of the critics especially some of the women critics have even heard of this name before ? -- Name one WW1 aviation film that has gotten it all correct you ca n't -- `` The Blue Max one of my favorites had pilots pulling on some sort of handle to fire their machine guns -LRB- all wrong -RRB- and had lozenge camouflage on the Fokker Triplanes which was also wrong -- there is plenty wrong but I still loved the Blue Max as I love this film too -- Maybe director Peter Jackson -LRB- King KONG -RRB- -LRB- who is rumoured considering -RRB- remaking the BLUE MAX WILL GET ALL THE SMALL DETAILS RIGHT AND ALSO make a kickass film that even the critics will have to love ! Go see FLYBOYS You will be entertained !
 the movie is lomg 150 minutes.however I felt as if I had only sat down and it was over . I loved it !!!! The dog fight scenes were freightening in their scope . Made you fell as if you were in the plane . I found it hard to believe anyone was brave or foolish enought to actually do what those boy did . I can hardly wait till it come out on video . We will buy it on release .
 This movie truly was AMAZING ! First off , the special effects , out of this world , it really does put you in the cockpit and you really feel what these pilots must have felt , that is it real , not some Top Gun kind of feeling like it 's some video game but the real deal . Also , the storyline with James Franco and that French woman was done VERY well , I figured going in that that part would be a really sappy and corny , just a way to fill the in between plane fighting scenes but I really enjoyed those scenes , they were funny and very emotional . The interaction between the pilots and their own storylines was also very well written and exectued . All in all , I HIGHLY recommend this movie to anyone who loves watching dogfighting movies/documentaries , you will NOT be disappointed !
 I have to say that I agree with pretty much everyone - ratings 1 through 5 stars ! All of its warts are real , but the bottom line is that if you just remember that it 's NOT a documentary -LRB- although the film did make a nod to the fact that there was a WWI , and a Lafayette Escadrille , which had American volunteer pilots , and they fought the Germans ! -RRB- and simply sit back and enjoy , I thought that it was a fun couple of hours . It absolutely does have the Hollywood hokum GENEROUSLY spread throughout.There are a couple of things specifically -LRB- and I 'm not sure why these inaccuracies bothered me more than the many others ! -RRB- that historically `` stuck in my craw , '' though , and they have to do with the aircraft and the computer graphics . The Allied aircraft , supposedly Nieuport -LRB- yes , the `` i '' is correct -RRB- 17 's -LRB- introduced into service in March , 1916 as the successor to the 11 -RRB- had a ROTARY engine , but it 's portrayed as a RADIAL . What 's the diff ? Both have the cylinders arrayed like the spokes of a wheel , but a ROTARY engine actually turns around itself , unlike a radial -LRB- of extensive WWII fame , particularly -RRB- , which has stationary cylinders . If you look at the Flyboy engines , they do n't move ! I guess that the producers either did n't know the difference , or it 's too difficult to make the engine turn in the computer program -LRB- ?? -RRB- . There 's one fleeting scene showing some mechanics working on an engine in the hangar , and IT DOES ROTATE , so someone knew something . Sorry , this little tidbit just bugged me ! By the way , the rotary was one reason why pilots usually had greasy faces after a flight - the rotary had to have its lubricating oil mixed with the fuel -LRB- it was castor oil , which does n't mix with gasoline -RRB- - so along with the exaust , unburned oil flew back in the slipstream and over the pilot . Likewise , some of the machines have `` V '' shaped upper planes . Nieuports had straight wings . At least they got it right that they were sesquiplanes -LRB- lower wing smaller than upper -RRB- . The wing differences are hard to understand in a computer generated film . In older movies , when they used real aircraft , it 's easy to see why there were differences -LRB- look at Blue Max -RRB- - there just simply are n't enough biplanes that remotely resemble WWI aircraft still flying , so `` look - -LRB- something -RRB- alikes '' had to be used . If you 're building all of the aircraft in a computer , why not make it as accurate as possible?However , I 'm forgetting that this was simply entertainment . If you leave it at that , again , it 's not that bad . I , for one , despite its problems , do plan to pick up a copy for fun . Enjoy !
 I bought this one looking for a good historical action drama with good effects . Flyboys far exceeded my expectations . I am familiar with the Lafayette Esquadrille from history class and old movies . The movie stayed pretty close to the truth.The characters were solid , well developed and believable . The sets and settings were on the money . Unique historical details -LRB- like use of landing gear in combat -RRB- were accurate -LRB- with two big intentional exceptations -RRB- . The arial dog fights were fantastic.Special effects were on par if not better than those in ` Pearl Harbor ' . Motion Capture of actual arial stunts made a huge difference.Extra features were some of the best I 've seen .
 When I saw the shorts for `` Flyboys '' , I had to wonder if it were another rehashed version of the abominablePearl Harbor -LRB- Two-Disc 60th Anniversary Commemorative Edition -RRB- , about which I still have the occasional nightmare . I wo n't be having nightmares about `` Flyboys '' . Set in the First World War , it follows the journey of a group of young Americans who decide , for various reasons of their own , to enlist with the French forces to fly against the Germans . They did this before the USA entered the war . Learning to fly canvas and wood planes , they soon find out the realities of air warfare and the skills of their enemies.The acting is fairly average and most of the dogfighting and aerial shots are CGI images . However , that is understandable considering there are not many of the aeroplanes left , and anyone who has built a replica would be naturally possessive and protective . That said , I thought the CGI had been well done , indeed , and was far superior to a lot that shows up in war movies . The quality was very good.For the historical inaccuracies that some have mentioned , you would have to be very knowledgable in the field of First World War aviation to pick them up , except the most obvious ones . For the average viewer , these concerns will not take away from the overall plot or enjoyment of the movie . The one point I thought was a bit rich was Rawlings landing his plane and running into No Man 's Land to rescue a downed pilot . The fact that some of the best machine gunners in the world at that time could not hit him was a glaring oversight.The concession made to the performance of the aeroplanes themselves is also understandable in my own opinion . For the sheer spectacle of combat , I can see why they `` enhanced '' the performance of the planes themselves . The real thing would not have been able to do vertically climb as they did in the movie , -LRB- true -RRB- , or do such snappy moves , -LRB- true -RRB- , but that would have been less than exciting if the makers had stuck strictly to the reality.For sheer spectacle , this movie more than makes up for its short-comings . It is visually gripping and very much an action drama . Considering it is the first movie about First World War fliers in some decades that I know of , it was a refreshing and pleasant movie to see . I really enjoyed it .
 I enjoyed this DVD and the suplemental DVD as well . I give this film four stars because of the great computer graphics and the clean plot . The reality factor was taken a little too far concerning the aircraft abilities / capabilities of that time era . Still ... the film was enjoyable . I ca n't help but wish that they developed the characters more . I guess there are time restraints and such to consider . Anyway , a fun movie to relax with and eat pop corn with your family ! Sure beats watching yet another ho hum flesh eatting zombie spin off that seems to always be showing up -LRB- smile -RRB- !
 I loved Flyboys ! The flying scenes are incredible exciting . I cared about the characters and held my breath as they fought for their lives and their friends . I liked the odd mix of backgrounds of the pilots and how their relationships evolved.Don ' t believe that all the critics were soft on this movie . Gene Shalit called it an ` exaltation ' and said ' The writing , photography , performances , direction - all top flight . `` Flyboys '' isso entertaining , so exhilarating , it left me walking on air . ` Rex Reed wrote ' ... a thrill a minutefor all ages , and a few tears , too , in an old-fashioned kind of war moviewith a heart -LRB- in the best kind of tradition -RRB- that keeps you on the edge ofyour seat with your mouth wide open . ' I do n't understand the people who were hard on this . I hope to see it at the Oscars under several categories -- directing , effects , best picture !
 I went to see this in the theater with tempered expectations based on the `` average '' reviews the movie received from the critics . I was very pleasantly surprised . This is a great movie about a subject and period that is largely ignored by Hollywood .
 I was n't sure what to think of the movie since I remembered hearing little about it . But it has become one of my favorite movies , especially war movies that try to tell some real truth about the time frames they cover . The aerial scenes are outstanding and it 's actually good to know they could be done without injuries or crashes like some of the first World War I movies -LRB- Dawn Patrol comes to mind -RRB- . The movie also pulls no punches about there being no glory in dogfights
 This is a story based on true events , about American volunteers who came to fight in France before their country entered the war and who became fighter pilots in the , now legendary , Escadrille Lafayette . I am a little surprised by the very poor reviews this movie is getting , because I rather liked it , although I am the first to recognise that it could be much , much better.The strong point of this movie are the computer generated planes and air fights . WW I dogfights were a great movie material , because of their short range personal character - in fact , strangely enough , they remind me a little the STAR WARS fights between X-Wings and TIE fighters . Here the planes look really like real ones and the effect is great for any fan of aviation
 Towards the end when the hero challanges The Black Falcon instead of dropping him in the big field , The Black Falcon starts the rotary engine in his DR-1 and rises to the challange . Sorry , but WWI rotary engines had only wide open or no ignition settings . Partial power was achieved by intermittent blipping of the ignition kill switch and the inertia of the rotating engine mass keep them from stalling.They had chocks on the wheels and the ground crew spun the prop . They usually took off from where they were parked and they taxied in blipping away to their parking place . If The Black Falcon propped his own airplane in the middle of the field , I can guarantee that his own prop would slice him up like a deli salami!Also , very few DR-1 's were painted all red . That was reserved forBaron Manfred von Richtofen . Otherwise I liked the movie.Yes , I 'm a pilot .
 I loved the Movie , it has everyting Great direction , Stunning visuals , Good looking cast , Great locations , Superb arieal fight scenes , Awesome Blu Ray picture & sound quality . . Other than some great action , it covers Romance , Friendships & some more . . pssst now thats for you to watch & find out !!
 Great movie . Better love story than pearl harbor . Blu-Ray is the way to go . Great action with Great acting makes this movie worth watching again and again .
 Yes , it 's cliched . Yes , it 's predictable . And yes , there are some liberties taken with realism . But hey , it 's a good movie . Solid fare
 This is a one of a kind movie . War , flight , history , a bit of very tasteful romance -LRB- trust me , I hate romance stories in movies where the main plot is action and adventure -RRB- , realistic , and fun to watch with anyone . My dad and I loved this movie , definitely an all time favorite for me .
 Eugene Bullard , the black flying ace , was not the first black air mail carrier . He was the grandson of a slave and left his native Columbus , Georgia when he was only eight years old . He made his way to France and made his way doing odd jobs . Gene eventually became a boxer and was one France 's finest before joining the Lafayette Escradrille . He had a storied success with the French Foreign Legion before becomming a pilot . Gene was decorated heavily for his bravery with the Legion and during and after WWI . He later married and had three children -LRB- one son did not survive -RRB- . Gene was heavily involved with the French Resistance during the WWII and received many accolades from his adopted country . When he and his two daughters returned to the U.S. , he found work as a elevator operator -LRB- not a airmail carrier -RRB- . The U.S. refused to even allow him to fly with them during WWI . When Gen. DeGaulle made a state visit to New York in the 1950s , Gene went to his hotel . DeGaulle personally came downstairs to pay a visit to his old friend . Over fifteen medals and certificates were given to this man -LRB- from France -RRB- . I really hope that Hollywood will stay true to the `` real '' story in the future .
 I am a huge fan of war movies , particularly air war movies , but unfortunately Hollywood releases few movies in this genre . When they do release a war movie it is usually poorly rendered , such as `` Pearl Harbor . '' They do not seem to understand that war is a human endeavor , probably the most serious endeavor in which humans are involved . They also do not understand that movies are about story telling and war stories need to be told . Adding to the difficulty is the expense of filming a war saga -LRB- all those tanks and planes and ships are expensive to render on the big screen -RRB- . Computer generated images -LRB- CGI -RRB- should have done a lot to mitigate the cost of producing war movies but such releases are still few and far between.When a new war film is released it often does not rise to meet expectations . I waited months for `` Pearl Harbor '' to be released and was sorely disappointed when it was . It should have been spectacular but only perhaps fifteen minutes of it were worth the money . There was an excellent Battle of Britain sequence at the beginning , a few first rate shots of the Pearl Harbor attack in the middle and some really good flight scenes of the Doolittle Raid . The story was horrible , the acting was miserable and I was left thinking that someone should have made a movie about the Battle of Britain , the attack on Pearl Harbor and the Doolittle Raid.There are many war subjects which scream for attention but Hollywood seems to have a problem making movies which illustrate heroism , valor and self-sacrifice . One particular subject which has never been portrayed on the big screen is the story of the pilots of Torpedo Squadron 8 who flew into the Battle of Midway during World War II . Flying from Midway Island and the U.S.S. Hornet , a few Americans fought a fight to the finish against overwhelming odds when everything hung in the balance . If there is an American `` Charge of the Light Brigade '' this was it . Attacking a fleet of four Japanese aircraft carriers , these pilots were all shot down without ever hitting a Japanese ship . Their sacrifice , however , allowed the American dive-bombers to reach their targets and sink most of the Japanese fleet in what was the greatest U.S. Naval victory of all time . Yet , Hollywood has never seen fit to depict this story on the big screen -LRB- however , the attack by Luke Skywalker on the first Deathstar could have been based on the story of Torpedo 8 -RRB- . With all this in mind , I looked forward to seeing `` Flyboys '' with not a little trepidation . The lead up to the movie was not encouraging . There was little advertising and I had to go online to see the trailer . It was as if Hollywood was saying
 I 'm not too sure what some of these reviewers are talking about or what movie they saw , but it sure was n't the FLYBOYS movie that I saw . TOP GUN rip off with extended volleyball scenes ? What ? American men vacationing in France ? For the record . I did n't see one volleyball in the film . In fact , I did n't see one guy without his shirt or a shower scene . Do n't listen to bogus reviews . Please , do n't listen to these comments , because you will be missing a marvelous , sharp , beautiful and BASED ON A TRUE STORY World War I picture that blew me away.The extent that the filmmakers went to make this a realistic , poigniant and time capturing homage to the FLYBOYS of World War I who went over to France BEFORE America joined the war , is stunning . After watching this film , I could n't believe that this film has n't received more accolades.It 's a little one dimensional , but that was the way life was for the pilots of World War I who were volunteering to fly war planes only years after the plane was even invented . They arrived in France , they trained for three weeks and they were flying missions that had claimed thousands of lives and had a less than 5 % return rate.In between missions , their lives were dull and simple . Parked in the middle of a French country side , they would frequent a single pub and drink to the men who did n't return that day.FLYBOYS is based on real stories from journals of the real men the movie portrays . The lives they left behind to become pilot gods . The loves they lost and left behind . The people they met and the amazing world changing missions they embarked on.James Franco plays Blaine Rawlings , a young man who was about to lose his ranch and be arrested , motivating him to enter World War I as a fighter pilot before the American government joined the fight . He meets a beautiful french women named Lucienne -LRB- newcomer Jennifer Decker -RRB- who speaks little english , but their bond is realistic and beauiful portrayed.The most breathtaking part of FLYBOYS is the battle scenes themselves . The planes circle and dart between the clouds , streaming their clouds of bullets across the sky . The rudementry targeting system and the flaws in their guns . Everything is captured.Bottom line . FLYBOYS is breath-taking . A wonderful film and exactly the kind of movie that Howard Hughes wanted to make . Today 's technology allows it to happen in glorious fashion .
 This is the story in WW1 of Americans that became pilots in a French unit before the USA entered the war . It shows how they came for many reasons adventure , to escape , idealism etc. . How accurate is it , I suspect a fair bit although I did not like the way the Germans are shown as evil in this film . Something I do n't think warranted by their behaviour in WW1.The acting is below average . When they showed the daily lives of the people and the pilots in no scenes could I say they grabbed me . Often I found them boring even scenes that were suppose to be gripping . Partly I suspect because the lives of the people were not interesting , real life often is not gripping and partly because I did not think much of their acting.However it is different with the action scenes . They were terrific . Imagine being is such a plane , which in today 's terms is junk without a parachute . Dangerous to just fly and these guys were fighting one another up there . If anything goes wrong with the plane you are dead . They must have been extremely brave men . You could feel what it must have been like.The filming is good.It is worth a look if you like air force movies .
 The acting and aircraft sequences are very good . I enjoyed the movie , but if it is based on a true story , then I would have to read it . I found the ending a bit `` hoakey '' . If you like WWI movies , like `` The Blue Max '' , you will enjoy this one .
 I enjoyed this movie as it was entertaining with a war era/love story theme . It hit pretty high marks on both of these targets . The cinematography was nice and the love story was good . If you are looking for newsreel stuff on World War l go to the history channel because this will not take care of you . First of all it is in color not black and white like most everything you see there . To see Jennifer Decker get a role and nail it like she did makes this film a winner and a movie that will go in my personal collection . If you liked the movie Pearl Harbor you will really enjoy this film as well .
 I decided to rent this despite the criticism from aviation afficianados , and I found it interesting and enjoyable . As for the historians who dissed the film
 If you 're a fan of WWI dogfights ... this is an excellent movie ... and Blue Ray just makes for a better viewing experience . If you are hooked to an audio system ... the sound is incredible .
 Great ww1 avation film . Story , Casting , Cinamatography all veryspecial . You will love this picture
 Flyboys is an interesting film representing the young American men and others who came to the aid of the French in war torn France during WWI against the Germans . It gives the viewer insight into the superiority of the German pilots flying abilty and their use of a bi and tri winged airplane.As always thru sacrifice and determination our American boys succeed valiantly in perfecting their expertise at flying , dog-fighting , and shooting the opposition .
 This has to be one of my top 30 movies of all time.It 's a wartime drama movie with a touch of romance.I love this movie and suggest anyone to buy or rent this film for them to enjoy viewing!Excellent Film !
 I am a history teacher -LRB- 10th grade -RRB- and I use this for about 20 mins . The part when they are in air combat , no-man 's land , and the Zepellion scene are good .
 Tony Bill 's 2006 motion picture `` Fly Boys '' has comfortably transitioned to DVD with this widescreen version . It is a very good movie featuring World War 1 flying ace action , excitement , and romance . It offers several impressive stunts through its imaginative screenplay . `` Fly Boys '' informs about the nature and era of the Great War . Although it is not a documentary the movie does present itself as a real life narrative . The acting , by mostly unknowns , is okay and there is little cursing and no nudity . The period costuming and sets are very well done . The battle scenes are not gory nor grotesque . The DVD may be shown to the entire family.Too bad this flick does n't have a different name -LRB- insuring more popularity -RRB- . `` Fly Boys '' is recommended to action adventure DVD aficionados and those curious about World War 1 .
 This is a great movie that we have watched many times . It also makes it interesting as we are Americans currently living in Germany . A must see !
 Super sound and visuals bring WWI air combat to life . For 90 years , the story of the first aces & fighter-planes has been limited to our imaginations , grainy pictures and mediocre films . Based on a true story with plenty of artistic license , Flyboys is fun to watch . An enjoyable story that puts the moviegoer in the cockpit . After watching this , you 'll respect those Flyboys and be glad you were n't in the cockpit ! The DVD is crisp , the audio great , the flying scenes spectacular , the story good .
 Inspired by the true story of the legendary Lafayette Escadrille , it tells the tale of America 's first fighter pilots during WWI . Of course Hollywood takes it 's liberties , but it is a compliment to the courage of these men . The action and aerial fight sequences are intense and exciting . You will enjoy this film and want to learn more about these great heroes!NOW FOR MY BLU-RAY THOUGHTS
 Flyboys is a 2006 American drama film set during World War I , starring James Franco , Martin Henderson , Jean Reno , Jennifer Decker , David Ellison , Abdul Salis , Philip Winchester and Tyler Labine . It was directed by Tony Bill , a pilot and aviation enthusiast . -LSB- 1 -RSB- Screenplay was written by Phil Sears , Blake T. Evans and David S. Ward with the screen story by Blake T. Evans.The film follows the enlistment , training and combat experiences of a group of young Americans who volunteer to become fighter pilots in the Lafayette Escadrille , the 124th air squadron formed by the French in 1916 . The squadron consisted entirely of American volunteers who wanted to fly and fight in World War I during the main years of the conflict , 1914-1917 , before the United States later joined the war against the Central Powers.A group of young Americans go to France , for different personal reasons , and volunteer to fight in the French Air Service , L' A&eacute;ronautique militaire , during World War I prior to America 's entrance into the war . One of the main characters , Blaine Rawlings -LRB- James Franco -RRB- faced with the foreclosure of his family ranch in Texas , decides to enlist after seeing a newsreel of aerial combat in France . Dilettante Briggs Lowry -LRB- Tyler Labine -RRB- joins because of his overbearing father . African-American boxer Eugene Skinner -LRB- Abdul Salis -RRB- , who had been accepted as an athlete in France , was motivated to `` pay back '' his adopted country . These American recruits were under the command of French Captain Georges Thenault -LRB- Jean Reno -RRB- , while the veteran fighter ace Reed Cassidy -LRB- Martin Henderson -RRB- , a fellow American , takes over as their mentor.During their training , the film mainly deals with the struggles each pilot has with the demanding flying ; later , the focus shifts to the aerial dogfights that dominate the front line missions . Themes of camaraderie , racial prejudice , revenge and love are also explored . The film ends with an epilogue that relates each film character to the real-life Lafayette Escadrille figures on which the movie was based . -LSB- 2 -RSB- One charming touch in this film is that the hero is given a small bear , which he carries as a good luck charm . This is an obvious reference to the small bear carried as a good luck charm by a pilot in `` Wings , '' a silent film about the Lafayette Escadrille , which , in 1927 , was the first film ever to win the Academy Award for best picture .
 Tony Bill has directed one great reality based film . It show a reality of WWI fliers that is difficult to believe , but the fact is it happened . Young men , some from America , did go to France to fly the first planes every to take to the skies to fight against anyone and in this case , the Huns -LRB- Germans -RRB- This is the story of those young men . It contains believable footage , great acting and the reality of what it might have been to be there .
 I had n't heard much about this movie and I had n't heard of any of the actors before so I was reluctant to watch it , but it 's a great medium-budget movie ! I love all war/historical movies that are based on real people . This movie follows about 7 military pilots in WWI that are based on real Americans or on composite characters . It 's not as dramatic and over-the-top as a big-budget war movie , but that makes it a lighter form of entertainment . I 'm going to buy the DVD so I can watch it again and share it with other people , whereas I could n't stomach re-watching Private Ryan . If you 've ever enjoyed an airshow , you 'll love the old-time planes in the movie . The pilots are exposed to the elements , sticking out of small paper-wing airplanes with prop engines that need to be started by hand , and glide to a stop in open fields . One of the characters says `` planes were only invented 10 years ago ! '' All the pilots had interesting life stories , one an aristocrat , one the son of a slave . . there is also a love story with the James Franco/Blaine character which I liked -LRB- he 's quite handsome ! -RRB- .
 This is n't a great movie . It 's a good movie . It 's worth the time and money . I liked it for two reasons
 He kills in this one . Okay , okay ... so you saw him in Spiderman 1 , 2 , and 3 . He was ___ . But now , this is the real deal
 A very good account of WW1 flying aces . With a story line added to keep interest it realisticly accounts our early participation in WW1 . With violent content viewers should be aware that it is not suited for younger viewers .
 Personally ... i have always enjoyed these types of movies ... like pearl harbor ... troy ... history/love stories ... . I have read that the experts thought it was stupid and honestly I had never heard of it till the day i went to see it in theater ... and i must say i love it !!! I am definately getting this movie when it comes out and in the special edition ... i mean if you buy a movie it hasta be a special edition but yes that i what i have to say about it !
 James Franco stars in this exciting movie based on the true story of the Lafayette Escadrille , a group of American pilots flying for the French in the early days of World war I.Franco portrays Blaine Rawlings , a young rancher from Texas who 's family ranch has just been repossessed . While watching a movie at the local moviehouse , he sees a newsreel about pilots fighting in Europe . He decides to enlist with the French Lafayette Escadrille and battle the Germans . Soon , Rawlings and fellow pilots William Jensen -LRB- Philip Winchester -RRB- , Lyle Porter -LRB- Michael Jibson -RRB- , Eddie Beagle -LRB- David Ellison -RRB- , Eugene Skinner -LRB- Abdul Salis -RRB- , and Briggs Lowry -LRB- Tyler Labine -RRB- are on their way to France . All have come from different backgrounds and circumstances , but they all share one common goal ; to fight and defeat the Germans.Upon arriving in France , they are met by Capt. Thenault -LRB- Jean Reno -RRB- . It 's Thenault 's job to train the American pilots proper tactics in order to battle the Germans . There are already some American pilots in France . One is Reed Cassidy -LRB- Martin Henderson -RRB- . He has become one of the best pilots in the Lafayette Escadrille , already having shot down over twenty German aircraft . The lead pilot for the Germans is the menacing Black Falcon -LRB- Gunnar Winbergh -RRB- and his group of skilled pilots . All of the Germans fly the famed Fokker triplane , painted blood-red . All except the Falcon 's , who 's is jet black.After completing their training , the Americans are finally ready to take to the skies and do battle with the Germans . During the course of the movie , there are several thrilling aerial combat sequences between the Americans and Germans , especially the sequence where the Germans send a zeppelin to bomb Paris . Relationships develop among the pilots as well . Rawlings becomes the de facto leader of the group , and many of the other pilots look to him for support and advice . Rawlings has also developed a relationship with a local French girl named Lucienne -LRB- Jennifer Decker -RRB- . She bandaged Rawlings ' leg after a flying accident , and he became attracted to her . However , she ca n't speak English and he ca n't speak French . But the language barrier ca n't hide the feelings between the two.The missions become more and more dangerous for the Americans , and soon , some of the pilots are lost in combat . But the Americans keep going up to fight it out with the Germans despite their lack of experience . Their will to fight and courage is unquestioned as these heroic men continue to do battle with the enemy.This is an outstanding movie . The story of the famed Lafayette Escadrille is told with complete historical accuracy . The acting , especially by James Franco and Jean Reno , is excellent . The plot is well-conceived , and the amazing aerial combat sequences are the highlight of the film . The romance between Rawlings and Lucienne his handled wonderfully . It does not become so out of control as to take over the movie . Rather , it is allowed to grow at a slower pace that holds the viewer 's interest.I give this great movie my highest recommendation . History fans will enjoy it for its great combat sequences and attention to detail . Laypersons will enjoy the romance between Rawlings and Lucienne . Watch `` Flyboys '' and see how a group of inexperienced American pilots became one of the most feared squadrons of World War I.
 I am a 13 year old who adores war movies and world war 1 aviation . I waited for months for flyboys to come out and when it did me and about six friends went and thought it rocked ! The love was n't abused , like in pearl harbor and the areal sequences are to die for !!! the story on the ground it fun and historically accurate and the girl is hot !! I loved this movie and plan to see it again and buy the dvd !!!! Have fun and go see it!PS for all the womwn who read this , no its not just hot girls and planes ...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film . I would recommend it to anyone . I am willing to conceed some of the authenticity of the aircraft is , at times , questionable , however the special effects more than make up for it . I have been an active pilot for 54 years , and just had to own this film .
 First , I am a pilot and I love airplanes , second I am a veteran and enjoy serious and accurate war chronicles . This movie did not disappoint . After seeing the trailer commercials for this movie , it definitely was on my `` must have '' list for home DVD 's . Not only am I satisfied that I purchased it for my home collection , I have also gifted it to a friend and a relative . This movie has a cast of fairly unknown actors and does a fine job of recreating what squadron life must have been for Americans and non French citizens in WWI in the Lafayette Esquadrille . The battle scenes are what most people are interested in that buy a movie of this type for and this movie does deliver with thrilling battle sequences . Although there is a love interest with innocent romance in this film , it never gets in the way of the action . The battle scene with the French Neuports battling the German Dirigible , escorted by German DRI fighters is riveting . One of the veteran German fighter pilots is a real villain , but he finally gets what 's coming to him in the end .
 I love this movie , its not perfect , but definitely enjoyable . The actors are great , I love Jean Reno . The planes and the visuals are great . I give this movie a B + rating . Its not too bloody so I would let kids watch it , maybe 8-10 + years old . The story and characters could have been a little more deep , the movie could have been longer . I strongly recommend the Red Baron movie that came out a year or two after this one . It is very intense and has much more character development . Enjoy , this is definitely in my collection .
 First I like to address the controversy sustained by various reviewers of other presentation of this film about accuracy or inaccuracy of historical events.As usually occurs when Hollywood 's products states `` based on historical or true facts '' viewers should take the statement as `` very loosely based on historical or true facts '' , such is the case here . So do not get annoyed when lots of tri-planes shows up or a zeppelin intends to bomb Paris , those are the usual `` historical licenses '' of this kind of films.I regard this movie as an `` action film '' as for example `` Indiana Jones '' or `` The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen '' and as such is quite good . `` Flyboys '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- was directed by multifaceted Tony Bill who is also actor and producer of many films.The story is based on the ventures of young Americans volunteers to become pilots of Lafayette Escadrille . From all over the States with different motivations they go to France without even knowing a French word.There they are trained and launched , still green , into the fry suffering losses and evolving step by step into veteran and even aces.I love the special effects now possible with CGI , crowds of planes may be shown , fighting each other fiercely and giving the word `` action '' a full new meaning.Play acting is correct , with only Jean Reno as Capt. Thenault over par , beautiful French actress Jennifer Decker as Lucienne give way to romance.The runtime , 140 minutes , is a little excessive.A good movie for a variety of audiences
 No it doesnt have A list actors in it but some are recognizable . The plot is entertaining . What makes this move a must see is the dawn of avation and combat tied into one movie . If you even remotely have an interest in military aviation , buy this movie .
 This is a film that suffers from that romanticism and history changing problem most big Hollywood blockbuster 's fall into . But being a romantic myself , and not much of a historian , I personally enjoyed the film for what it was . An inoffensive and even enjoyable piece of cinema.Certainly would n't appease everyone , I suggest renting it first .
 Do not listen to the so-called experts , this is a must buy , and a must watch . This is the hi-tech updating of The Dawn Patrol . A remake ... no . This movie stands on its own and is excellent . The histories of the individuals , the ordeal , the endurance , the coming together of nations and cultures to help one survive . This film has no downside . The hi-tech aspects of this film allows us to know more about what these kids did , and make no mistake , these flyers were kids .
 This is one of my favorite movies and I think it 's one of the best in it 's genre . I have heard many people say that it is not very accurate , but I have done extensive research into WWI air combat and the Lafayette Escadrille in particular , and I thought the movie was very well done . The only real anachronism I saw was that all the German planes in the movie were painted like the Red Baron , but in truth , the planes from both sides , looked so much alike that on a movie screen , it would be hard to tell who was shooting who , so I think it was a liberty that needed to be taken so as not to confuse the viewer . The extra features on the second disk were also enjoyable for anyone who is interested in the time period , and I really suggest the deleted scenes as well . I thought they added to the movie a lot and wished they had n't been deleted ! Over all , I am glad I decided to purchase the collector 's addition and was not disappointed in it .
 This is a movie that does a great job of using CGI to create some awesome scenes . Despite the formula plot and silly side-show drama , the flying scenes make this movie worth watching over and over .
 As a WWI aviation buff , I admit I first railed a bit with the hisotrical inaccuracies that this film is laced with , HOWEVER ! After watching the extras and listening to the producers/director addressing the historical debate , I felt better . They freely admit that they took artistic licence with certain things for the sake of entertainment , which is fair enough . Unlike the makers of The Red Baron , whose producer/director claim with amazing straigh-faces that their movie is historically accurate , which is totally false.The flight scenes from Flyboys were great , the characters were enjoyable and the aircraft were a joy to see in action . Once you get over the fact that the Germans are all flying red Fokker triplanes , except of course , the EEEEEEVIL German , who naturally flies a black one , the combat scenes are worth the cost of the dvd alone . There is some genuine comedy in the movie , you can empathise with the characters and the photography was first rate . I can thoroughly recommend this movie for what it is.Great entertainment !
 Before the United States entered World War I , young Americans went to France to be fighter pilots , joining the Lafayette Escadrille . This fictional version follows a laconic Texas rancher , an eager Nebraska kid , a Black boxer already in France , and a New York swell , as they arrive green for training , get their baptism by fire when German planes ambush them on their first mission , and graduate to heroics . Rawlings , the Texan , falls in love with a young woman he meets at a bordello . Keeping their eyes on them are Captain Thenault and Cassidy , the resident ace , who keeps a pet lion . This is a great movie . The flight scene special effects were difficult to impossible to distinguish from the actual flying . The aerial combat was exciting , tense , and realistic with the attack on the zeppelin being the best scene of the movie . This movie does not shy away from the ugly aspects of combat . Very entertaining . I recommend it . A fun movie with good historical point .
 This is an excellent movie about a little known piece of history , wherein a group of American volunteers traveled to France to learn to fly and assist the French in their effort against German aircraft . There are several encounters with the German Ace , the Red Baron , who had shot down something like 80 allied planes.The movie is well done and the air action is exciting .
 Since Top Gun , war movies about aerial warfare have always taken second seat to war movies about land battles , in terms of award nominations and box office takes . This movie shares this fate . It came out in 2006 and was probably the least hyped and least successful war movie of 2006 , lagging far behind Flags of Our Fathers , Letters from Iwo Jima , Annapolis , and others in the same genre . But do n't let this fool you , this was a good movie , fun to watch and engaging the entire way . The movie begins by showing how the various Americans joined the war before their own country . The movie then progresses to show their training , and troubles both in and out of the cockpit . Finally comes the dogfights , of which there are several . One dogfight occurs around a zeppelin , another occurs over a trench battlefield , and another occurs over fields and forests . The dogfights themselves were very realistic , and the only miss of detail is that all the pilots landed looking just as good as when they took of , even though they sat in open air cockpits . It seems hair gel was standard treatment for WWI pilots.For a war movie , it has all the generic subplots ; the romance between a local girl and the group 's brooding conscious , the doomed hero , the silent villian , the spoiled rich kid who does good , and the over eager chap who losses his nerve , only to gain it back at the end . No surprises here , though still a good story .
 Excellent film !!! I 'm an aviation geek , so it was right up my alley.jap
 Three bands , captured LIVE , at The Hammersmith Odeon , 10/4/89 . DARK ANGEL1.Live Scars2.The Burning Of Sodom3.Never To Rise Again4.The Death Of Innocence5.Merciless Death6.We Have ArrivedCANDLEMASS1.Dark Reflections2.The Bells Of Acheron3.Solitude4.Through The Infinitive5.A Tale Of CreationD.A.M .1 . Total Destruction2.Infernal Torment3.Vendetta4.Human WreckageRuns approx . 81 minutes , COLOR , and Hi-Fi Stereo.RARE , out of print .
 This movie is just brillant ! Jonny Lee Miller and Robert Carlyle are fabulous . and Liv Tyler sparkles . Plunkett and Macleane had all elements of a memorable movie that you 'll want to watch again and again !
 This movie is awesome and in my opinion criminally -LRB- pun intended -RRB- underrated . Reunited Trainspotters Robert Carlyle and Jonny Lee Miller along with Alan Cumming , and Ken Stott play their roles wonderfully . The movie is action packed and while a tad predictable at times and not 100 % historically accurate still a blast plus in combination with what I feel is an addictive soundtrack on a whole Plunkett & Macleane is to quote the commonly used movie phrase a bloody good laugh . I 'm thrilled to have found it at a reasonable price for a rare and out-of-print factory sealed DVD from a top notch seller .
 I got this movie because I just `` discovered '' Robert Carlyle and I enjoy his movies very much . It started with Hamish Macbeth and I got all I could of his . I was plesantly surprised with this movie and it is worth seeing . I am glad I bought it .
 I am not one movies set during medieval or French Revolution era but this one caught my eye on cable . I had never heard of this movie but I watched it anyway.The character 's antics are hilarious . The wedding feast scene has to be one of the funniest scenes of the movie.I searched for the DVD and was mortified to find that it was selling for almost $ 100 . However , I happened to be in a neighborhood audio visual shop that sold used DVD and there it was for $ 5 . Yipee !! When I am feeling a little down Plunkett & Macleane is one of the films that cheers me up . : - -RRB-
 Jake Scott , son of Ridley , directed this grand tale of gentlemen bandits set in the mid 18th century . Even in the opening frames you can see he has a flare for his father 's way of making things look . The sets , costumes and sense of framing all look much like something Ridley would have put together.Quite simply put , Johnny Lee Miller plays a threadbare `` gentleman '' cooling his heels in a cell on a charge of drunkenness . The cell door is demolished by a wheel which has come off a coach as it is being robbed by one Robert Carlyle . The two meet and begin a life of crime that entails robbing the rich and giving it to ... well ... themselves . The idea is to garner enough wealth to start a new life in America . During an early robbery , Miller encounters Liv Tyler and it 's love at first sight . Can he complete his plan with his partner AND bring Liv into the picture?This is a gorgeous movie . Every frame is a feast for the eyes . Maybe too much so . It 's not until the second half that we start to get a feel for the characters . Prior to that everyone is swallowed up by the sets and costuming . The story is good enough . The robberies could have been more clever I suppose but they 're not bad . And you do get to like those you are to like and hate those you are to hate . But this packs a lot of energy . It also has a lot of anachronisms in costuming and in the soundtrack . Maybe not quite as much as `` A Knight 's Tale '' but enough to endear it to a younger crowd . It also has a good cast . Along with the above mentioned , you have Michael Gambon , Ken Scott and Tommy Flanagan , all turning in good performances . Jake Scott only has one other feature film under his belt which makes this a bit of an oddity . But as a first shot he 's done a great job.This is a lot of fun . It wo n't change your life but it 's well worth the time it takes to view it .
 This is one of those movies that for some reason did not achieve notable success
 I ca n't say enough good things about this movie . Great acting , story , costumes , sets and music score . I really enjoyed it and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys `` quirky '' movies .
 I LUV THIS MOVIE ! I recommend this movie for anyone who loves period films . It has old world charm with modern age cool .
 The one thing no one ever told me about this movie when recommending it was how visually graphic it is . Like Trainspotting or Quills , it has moments that turn the stomach . But it 's extremely well done . The performances -LRB- with the notable exception of Liv Tyler , who is vacant eyed and vapid -RRB- are solid and believable . Robert Carlyle and Alan Cummings stand out for me , as they play their characters to the hilt . A fine look at the jaded aristocracy of the time , and of the difference between the classes , even if the anachronisms can be a bit jolting .
 When I first saw this movie in a theater on Kensington High Street in London , I was n't overly impressed . Despite the novelty of being within a few miles of where the action was supposed to take place , I could n't get past the preposterous plot , howling historical inaccuracies and misplaced modern references , such as body-pierced openly bisexual nobility , gratuitous use of 20th century swearing and expressions , and last but not least a throbbing MTV soundtrack in an 18th-century period piece.But now , back in the States , watching it on DVD with my kids , it all seems to make sense in a strange sort of way , and I find the movie highly entertaining and watchable ! Maybe it 's because I can accept it now for what it is
 Plunkett & Macleane is a well directed and visually stunning film with a killer soundtrack . On the verge of being hilariously grotesque along the lines of `` Trainspotting '' yet intriguing in a dramatic sense , this movie shines where the others do n't . The setting of London is portrayed nearly perfect for the time period where the two thieves steal just because they can . The soundtrack that backs the drama & action is beautifully composed by Craig Armstrong , who gives it a classical feeling with the tinge of electronica overtones . Overall , this movie rocks .
 Macleane huddles , singing snatches of drunken song , in the debtor 's prison . Hearing a noise , he stands up and peers out the window , just in time to see a wagon wheel hurtling out of the mist with surreal speed towards him . Thus begins `` Plunkett and Macleane '' , a wild , adventurous romp through the 18th century . This movie surprises and treats over and over again . Do n't be put off by the grisly disinterment that takes place within the first ten minutes of the film . Stick with it.I 've been a fan of Robert Carlyle since I saw `` The Full Monty '' . In fact , I neglected to mention him as one of the perks of the movie when I reviewed `` Ravenous '' . The part of Will Plunkett is one that he plays with relish and realism . He and Jonny Lee Miller 's Macleane have a love/hate relationship from the start , but somewhere along the way a real friendship develops . They form a partnership in which Macleane , an upper-class clergyman 's son fallen on hard times , finds out where the rich pickings are . Then , as the `` Gentleman Highwayman '' , he and Plunkett `` rob the rich ... and that 's it . `` The supporting cast features
 i have always had a soft spot for the period movie , but some are better than others . this one is not a typical period movie . although it is set in the highwayman era , there are alot of modern influences that appear throughout the film . these influences will make it a love it or hate it type of film for many . personally i very much enjoy the way they put this film together , the characters are all interesting , and where the story does lack the characters continue to drive the film along . a exciting swashbuckling tale and very much worth the watch . my only real complaint is a dvd somewhat deviod of extras .
 Superb and superb again ! Jake Scott has not made a documentary , he has taken us for a look into the 18th century , and has slapped us against the lens of Hogarth to do it . Anachronisms ? Yes ! They illustrate for him , he has laid them in our path like beacons , they are n't mistakes ! We are all awash with them , they have to be made into tools ; I know this , having been an 18th century re-enactor for many years . Plunkett and Macleane shimmers and stinks , is glorious and gory . The genius here is not just that he takes the viewer with him into Hogarth 's land , it is that he leaves us there .
 This is my kind of movie . Robert Carlyle and Johnny Lee Miller are simply fantastic in the title roles . If you like action adventure movies , you 've got to give this one a try . If you like period pieces , such as
 This film is exactly as it says on the box , `` A historic lock , stock and two smoking barrels '' ! I sat down to watch this film with an open mind as to wether I 'd like it or not as it is different to anything i 've ever watched before but as soon as the movie started I was mesmerised by the excellent acting , complex , yet easy to follow storyline and excellent soundtrack ! Carlyle and Miller both never fail to -LRB- Stand and -RRB- deliverand Liv tyler as support is also excellent . If you like LOCK , STOCK & TWO SMOKING BARRELS you 're bound to like this !
 Plunkett & Macleane was a film I have never heard of but I rented it because the Trainspotting boys were together again . Jonny Lee Miller and Robert Caryle played out their role extremely well . It was action filled and seductive as well . I highly recommend this film to anyone who comes across it !
 I suppose I would n't be loving this movie so much without Alan Cummings 's scene stealing turn as the Boy George of the 18th century . I might have a problem recommending such a historically sloppy movie without the funky soundtrack that ocassionally tries to sound like 18th century English tunes but most of the time is just having a grand old time with the ahistorical nature of the endeavor.A thief meets a nobleman while they are trying to steal the same ruby from a third dead thief . They strike up a partnership . Robert Carlysle seems closest to normal in this movie as you 're ever going to get but is still charming . Johny Lee Miller has had some lucky casting decisions and some rather unfortunate roles but he 's definitely watchable . There 's a love story , political intrigue and scenes lifted directly from Westerns but it 's all very serviceable.You might want to rent this movie before buying it , but it is definitive enjoyable fluff and you should watch it if you find yourself bogged down with serious movies like The Pianist or The Hours.Did I mention that Alan Cummings steals every scene that he 's in ?
 It appears most of the reviewers are saying this is a good movie that is failed by the style in which the director mixed elements of the period and modern times . I would argue , however , that this is what makes the movie such a grand and wonderful adventure . The cast work brilliantly with each other , and the two main characters were developed to the point that the audience cares about them , and during certain points of the film I could not help myself from cheering , out loud , their successes . The soundtrack is marvelous and worth appreciating on its own . If you want a serious and stuffy period piece , then this movie is definitely not for you , but if you want to be entertained and taken on a ride through the adventurous lives of highwaymen and aristocrats , I could n't recommend a movie higher than `` Plunkett & Macleane '' .
 Plunkett & Macleane caught me by surprise . The trailer opened with typical period drama pretentiousness before turning into a punkish , rebellious wild ride . When I went to see it at the cinema -LRB- during its extremely limited theatrical run -RRB- I had n't even planned on it that day . I just turned up in time and decided to take a chance . A wise choice indeed , as I was in a bad mood that day and this movie really cheered me up.It 's London , it 's 1748 , Robert Carlisle and Johnny Lee Miller play the titular highwaymen from opposite ends of the social spectrum . Will Plunkett brings the highway know-how while Captain James Macleane makes the connections to high society . Lord Gibson takes personal offense to their antics after being robbed , but her Niece Lady Rebecca -LRB- the lovely Liv Tyler -RRB- falls in love with Macleane , and his unusual gentlemanly ways . Ken Stott plays the truly vile Chance , the police inspector determined to see the men hang at any cost , and one of the nastiest villains in recent film history.Jake Scott -LRB- son of Ridley , nephew of Tony -RRB- directs with a style that fuses Gothic tones with post-modernism . This is no Pride and Prejudice . Plunkett & Macleane is glam rock on acid while retaining all of the usual gritty , earthy production designs of previous Ridley/Tony films . Amazingly , Jake Scott would not direct another film until 11 years after this got released.There is a strange rumor persistent on the Internet that Plunkett & Macleane -LRB- inspired by true story , do n't you know -RRB- began life as a completely different film . I recall seeing production stills in magazines in 1996 -LRB- three years before its release -RRB- , and there have been suggestions that it was originally called ` The Lady Highwayman ' with Liv Tyler as the lead and Carlisle and Miller merely as supporting characters . The original screenplay by Selwyn Roberts apparently featured bizarre mathematical subtext before being heavily re-written by Bond-scribes Neal Purvis and Robert Wade . I 'm not sure if any of the original material made it into the final , 99-minute , cut of the film.A score by Trevor Jones was also apparently rejected in favor of Craig Armstrong . While I have no idea what Jones may or may not have recorded for this film , there is no doubt that Armstrong 's work is utterly amazing , probably his career best.Plunkett & Macleane seems to have fallen into obscurity since its release . Do n't let it pass you by though , it 's loads of fun and deserved a wider audience .
 This is a good adventure . Period . Do n't expect nothing more than it . Carlysle is charismatic as ever , Mill eris great , only Liv Taylor , beautiful as always , continues to give us bad acting . The plot is good , the ending is old fashioned -LRB- the `` anti-heroes '' get away with it and happy -RRB- , the villain is stereothyped . Good .
 It 's eclectic
 This movie rocked ! I love the gay undertones of Plunkett , The white horse and smoke . Everything . A + +
 Starting in a dingy English drunk pen , you may easily mistake this for an every day , run-of-the mill medieval type yarn . However you 'd be very much mistaken . 18th century scenery give way to 20th century language -LRB- Hence the 15 certificate -RRB- . A fast paced plot bring together Plunkett -LRB- Carlyle -RRB- an ex-apothecarist and violent type , with Macleane , a pauper who desperately wants to be a gentleman . Together they create a crime wave , ` robbing from the rich and that 's it ' An all round gem of a film , with several notable stand alone scenes , foremost of which is the dance scene . Incredible outfits in a beautiful 18th century ballroom to the sounds of drum , bass and keyboard . Truly a unique turn on what could easily have been another tired old ball . All actors put on sterling performances both the ` good guys ' and the ` baddies ' . Great script , superb costumes , a marvellous film .
 PLUNKETT & MACLEANE has a purpose
 For those of us looking for a different kind of adventure , Plunkett & Macleane fits the bill . I was n't sure what to expect beyond the known premise of this being the story of notorious 18th century English highwaymen . What I discovered in my first viewing was not only the talents of the cast , but a visual feast as well . Updated with modern `` slang '' , an uptempo soundtrack -LRB- that cleverly mixes the relevant classical fare with modern electronics -RRB- , and authentic looking costumes and scenery , this one swept me away to another time and place . Robert Carlyle and Jonny Lee Miller make a great team -LRB- again , as in `` Trainspotting '' -RRB- as the title characters , and display versatility in each of their roles ... from the funny moments weaved throughout , to the dire consequences of their characters ' actions , and finally to the loyalty of friendship . Liv Tyler , who 's role as Lady Rebecca is not as dimensional as the leads , pulls it off well enough . All in all , I was pleased with this film , even with any minor flaws it contains -LRB- all being more in form with the sometimes uneven pace of the story , rather than the acting itself -RRB- . Stereotypes do abound -LRB- esp . the artistocrats -RRB- in this movie , as do some gruesome violence , which could have both perhaps been a little less exaggerated . But , who 's perfect ? Finally , though Plunkett & Macleane is not the type of film everyone will enjoy , those of us with a taste for scoundrels ' adventures long ago will find it generally satisfying .
 Sophomoric , in my mind , means manipulative - visually , verbally , and through the pacing and continuity . This movie is not sophomoric.This has to be one of the most maturely realised and under-recognised films in recent film history . To whatever extent there is a modernism in the styling of the characters , there is also a remarkable restraint and authenticity in portraying the psychological tone of the time - in every social class and role , and the subtleties as well as the vulgarities of the social interactions . Read up on the period . This was SPOT ON . Affected Dandies did exist . The f**k word was absolutely in common usage . This film may be a lot more accurate than us moderns may want to admit.The cinematography is consistently superb . The acting and character development almost exceptional . Lighting , continuity ... all first rate .
 A mediaeval costume dram with a notable difference - twentieth century speak transposed to the 18th century in this visually satisfying and atmospheric tale of two gentlemen highwaymen who robbed from the rich aristocracy for their kicks ! But the dialogue and the loud thumping techno music gives it an appeal to the older teenage generation who might not appreciate it if it were done in the style of , say , THE MAN IN THE IRON MASK . The highway robbery scenes are superbly done , Robert Carlyle and Jonny -LRB- LOVE HONOUR AND OBEY -RRB- Lee Miller relish their roles , acting as frivolously and as over the top as they can ! Liv Tyler wears some particularly busty costumes as well . Filmed in London , Czech republic and Spain for the mediaeval building settings of old London and Newgate prison , this action-packed drama is best enjoyed on DVD for its soundtrack and atmospheric effects . Not to be missed !
 The first time I saw this film , I was deeply confused . Just what was up with the costumes ? And the music ? The second time through , when I actually watched the screen instead of the sewing machine , it made so much more sense . Aha ! They were n't goign for accuracy at all ! I can go with this , support it even , despite the fact that I am one of the biggest costume snobs I 've ever met . Just go with it.The biggest thing I noticed was that the only ones that got the seriously wrong costumes were the highest , smartest set , the ones that knew the rules and broke every one of them . In every part of their lives . I actually saw it as a way of pointing out to a population that probably would have seen truly accurate costume as merely quaint or stuffy , and that was not the attitude these people had . So you add a few modern touches , and really , it does n't detract from the general mood they 're trying to convey.The same thing kind of applies to the music , but you know , it 's really just a good soundtrack . Apparently , baroque and techno can do quite well together , and have a lot of fun in the process . I 'm still upset that the jail scene song is n't on the CD though.I find it deeply , terrribly funny that Alan Cummings ' part bore the name of Rochester . The only other infamous Rochester I can think of was a 17th century poet who wrote the dirtiest , most obscene , most openly bi-sexual lyrics I 've read that date to before the 20th century . So the eyebrow piercing was maybe a little much , but hey , it looked just swell on him with those incredible coats.Plot ? Who needs plot ? Seriously though , there was one . It 's just a very , very common one . Think Robin Hood , or pirates , or simply highwaymen . They all have the same plot , and it never goes out of style . There 's a reason for that -- it 's all great fun , and sometimes you get a moral , sometimes you do n't , and sometimes they dance the Tyburn Jig and all the pretty ladies weep . It all amounts to the same thing.The point is always just to have fun , and a good laugh .
 I bought this movie on a whim , knowing that two of my favorite actors were in it , but also knowing it had not done well in the theatres and that one of my LEAST favorite actresses was in it . However , after viewing this movie , I 'm shocked at how good it was . The music threw me at first , but I soon got into the mood . Knowing that Ridley Scott 's son directed this movie also gives it merit . I would recommend this movie to ANYONE !
 This is probably my selection for the sleeper movie of 1999 . I went past the movie in the video store and saw that Robert Carlyle -LRB- Trainspotting , Ravenous , The Full Monty -RRB- was in the movie and decided to take a chance.I would probably give a 4 1/2 to this if it were possible , everything was done well , acting , directing and especially writing , which is very often lacking in movies these days.The out of place piece of the movie was the language , which was often completely modern , used effectively for humor , especially the modern swearing.Plunkett is a highwayman who loses his partner to the bad guy -LRB- Chance , played by Ken Stott -RRB- and hooks up with Macleane , who has connections in high culture -LRB- i.e. money -RRB- . They go on a crime spree and become well known . Chance makes it a personal point of honor to catch them.The action was good , the characters were superb , the villan was evil and mean . What more can I say ? It is well worth your time .
 Small time thief Will Plunkett -LRB- Robert Carlyle -RRB- teams up with aristocrat James Macleane -LRB- Johnny Lee Miller -RRB- to rob from the rich , using thier combined social connections and criminal knowhow to become `` The Gentleman Highwayman '' . But when Macleane falls in love with the daughter of their unbelievably wealthy victims -LRB- Liv Tyler -RRB- , things get a little out of hand.Plunkett and Macleane is tremendous , charming fun in a superbly old fashioned way . It is a movie that deserves praise for its performances , direction and memorable dialogue . Highly recommended !
 This is a must have dvd for Lipscomb fans . If your are not a fan of more folk-style blues then this dvd is not for you . I would recommend the Lightnin Hopkins dvd for a more popular country blues style .
 This is one of the better DVD 's of a country blues legend . He learned on his on and played for money starting at an early age . Many thanks for his rediscovery .
 When he was young , Gordon Bombay -LRB- Emilio Estevez -RRB- used to play hockey but when he blows a really big game , he quits . Now thirty , he 's a lawyer who does n't know anything about fair play or teamwork . When he gets arrested for drunken driving , he has to perform community service . And not just any community service , he has to coach hockey to kids ! His team consists of Charlie Conway -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- , Greg Goldberg -LRB- Shaun Weiss -RRB- , Dave Averman -LRB- Matt Doherty -RRB- , Peter -LRB- J.D. Daniels -RRB- , Gee Germaine -LRB- Garette Ratliff Henson -RRB- , Jesse Hall -LRB- Brandon Quintin Adams -RRB- , Connie Moreau -LRB- Marguerite Moreau -RRB- , Dave Karp -LRB- Aaron Schwartz -RRB- , and Terry Hall -LRB- Jussie Smollett -RRB- . And they are an AWFUL team ! Bombay hates the kids and does n't try hard to coach them , and so of course the kids do n't respect or like him at all . Will they ever be able to work as a team with Coach Bombay acting like the good coach he should be ? And will they have enough time to make it to the finals against unbeatable team , Hawks ? Also starring is Hans -LRB- Joss Ackland -RRB- , Mr. Ducksworth -LRB- Josef Sommer -RRB- , Fulton Reed -LRB- Elden Henson -RRB- , Tammy -LRB- Jane Plank -RRB- , and Tommy -LRB- Danny Tamberelli -RRB- , Coach Reilly -LRB- Lane Smith -RRB- , and Adam Banks -LRB- Vincent Larusso -RRB- . Great movie entertainment ! I just love the whole Mighty Ducks trilogy ! They teach great values about trust , teamwork , fair play , and as Coach Bombay used to say , ` all that other junk ' . It 's also very , VERY hilarious ! Some parts you can just die laughing , for example when the kids get in trouble from the principal and are put under detention . The hockey games are pretty suspenseful and fun , too!But there is a reason for the PG rating for this movie . Mostly it 's because of language which at times is pretty bad . Also the kids in the movie are pretty naughty at times . I think the movie is best aimed for kids maybe 10 and up , great for adults , too.Then of course there are the other two `` Mighty Ducks '' films . `` D2
 I just love THE MIGHTY DUCKS flicks ! I think they are some of the best flicks in the sports genre . This is the first in the saga . Emilio Estevez plays a hotshot , wise-cracking lawyer named Gordon Bombay . Bombay hates hockey and kids , even though he used to play hockey as a kid -LRB- that 's one of the reasons why he hates both hockey and kids -RRB- . When Bombay gets busted by the cops for drunk-driving , he has to be suspended from his career and do community service - particularly by coaching the `` District 5 '' PeWee hockey team in Minnisota , where he lives.Bombay first thinks the job of coaching the kids will be easy ... since he thinks he knows all about hockey . But when he first meets the kids , he realizes that it 's going to be a lot harder than he thought - the kids are wise-cracking , rough , street kids like him who are absolutely HORRIBLE at hockey ! The kids all hate him ; he hates them , too . And they ca n't win any games . But then , he learns how to be a good coach and the kids begin to like him . Of course , you 'll probably guess who will win the big play off championships - their rivals happen to be the team that Bombay played on as a kid and their coach was Bombay 's old coach.Even though the plot is pretty predictable , it 's still an awesome movie . And the plot is , in some way , different and unique than many others like it . The movie has a lot of hilarious parts in it . This is the kind of flick you can watch over and over again and never get bored of it . It 's a great movie and another winner for Disney ! Go buy it - the price is great !
 This movie has every ingredient it takes to make it a winner . Good story , fun characters , and a good plot . Its clean like most Disney movies , but do n't let that fool you , it 's a movie both kids and adults will enjoy . It revolves around the theme that teamwork as the power or overcome all . It also teaches us that winning is n't everything . Plus , it 's a lighthearted comedy with fun hockey sequences.The DVD however is lacking . Bad pixelated video quality , and no features to speak of make the DVD sub-par . However , overall this movie is a very good value and it is recommended .
 Mighty ducks is a heart warming tale of a insecure yet smart lawyer -LRB- emilio estevez -RRB- who is ordered to coach an ice hockey team as community service for drink driving . The tale follows the trials and tribulations of the of the team and the coach dealing with issues such as single parents and self belief . It is a pleasant journey of self discovery which is both light and uplifting . This film is ideal for the family or indeed for anyone with no offensive scenes . Must see to appreciate .
 The kids classic The Mighty Ducks does everything right ; case-end-point , Although there is much to be said for this beloved Disney tale.Gordon Bombay -LRB- Emilio Estevez -RRB- was once a boy who loved hockey more then anything , when his father passes away and he loses the final shot for his team and their pee-wee championship he 's scarred for life , and turns to a dark future as a no-good defense lawyer . When he gets court mandated community service to coach a pee-wee hockey team , -LRB- which seem to look more like a group of misfits then any sort of team -RRB- his hatred of children becomes a love , which leads him back to his greater love of the game itself.The cast of children is full of wide-eyed talent , lead by an adorable Charlie -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- and hilarious Goldberg -LRB- Shaun Weiss -RRB- that still constantly make me laugh time and time again.A fun film for anyone young at heart , hockey lover or not !
 I am not much of a hockey fan , but after watching this I have had a lot more respect for the sport ! This movie is not all about sports ; it also has a twist of romance . Everyone , sports fans and not , should watch this movie .
 I 'm a little old for kiddie movies , yet this movie was sooooo cool . I played different sports when I was younger , but this movie made me wish I played hockey ! It 's a great kids film ; no sex , no real violence -LRB- it 's hockey ... -RRB- , hardly any swearing , BUT very funny . I have n't been delighted like this since ... Since ... The Bad News Bears!The plot is pretty basic . An ex-hockey player turned hot-shot lawyer is forced to coach a losing hockey team made up of misfits . AFter some personality changes in the coach , he finds that hockey is still his thing and that he wishes to bring them to victory.It 's full of fun moments and you get to see a young Joshua Jackson before his Dawson Creek days or his appearance in Urban Legends ! And I hate to admit this , but Emilio Estevez does a decent job . I think most of us are used to seeing Estevez as Billy the Kid in Young Guns and it 's hard to imagine him in any other role . Especially a parental role!This movie is a stepping stone for the next two that appear -LRB- But not on DVD ?!?! -RRB- . The next one is even more exciting -LRB- MIghty Ducks2-D2 -RRB- with new players and a very cool storyline . By the 3rd movie , it 's hard to believe they are high school and not college and you also get to see them grow up a bit.The Mighty Ducks trilogy is a great set of films and not quite as mindless as the rest of the Disney fare available .
 A very enjoyable and coming-of-age hockey story about persistance , drive and a will to win . It does involve a bunch of losers who turn into a bunch of winners , but it is done the right way
 I liked the whole thing . I have all three of the movies , and I wish they would make another Mighty Ducks movie ! I am there # 1 fan !
 Well first let me start off by saying the 1st and I mean 1st movie in a set of follow up movies all ways suck!Why , I 'll tell you why.Because the 1st is always the beginning , which is always the formation , which is always the worst.Ex ; The 1st season of Full House sucked , becuse ... -LRB- well the Olsen twins cant really act anyway -RRB- but because it was the first time the actors all got together as one as an whole to do an t.v sitcom.They didnt know each other and probaly didnt react good together beause they were just learning about each other.But as season two rolled along the show got better becuase they knew each other then and were ` nt as camera-shy . So basically if you can read between lines ... you will get my message -LRB- D2 was better for obvious reasons -RRB- !
 Okay , so we all know the story about how the Ducks come from behind to win and how Coach Bombay gets revenge on his old coach for many years of bad memories.Fair enough.As corny and as thin as the plot can be at times , it 's still a great story with good morals . It 's definitely no Hoosiers or Rudy by a longshot , but it 's Disney at it 's best . It 's a classic Disney sports movie as well as a great family film.Now , the DVD . Let 's just say that I sure did n't buy this movie for the special features . There 's a menu screen with a chapter search and that 's about it.Ohh , one more thing . Whenever they re-released the film for DVD , I guess they must have inserted Queen 's `` We Are The Champions '' and `` We Will Rock You '' into portions of the film and at the end credits . One thing in particular that kinda bugged me is that fact that the original score by David Newman is replaced by Queen 's `` We Are The Champions '' right at the part where Charlie scores the winning penalty shot . It 's not that Queen 's song would n't be fitting here . I just felt that the original score added a lot of emotion within the film . Not a huge deal . I just did n't remember that the last time I saw the movie on VHS.Ahh well . I guess for $ 8 I really ca n't complain .
 It 's Emilio at his best.forget about the breakfast club and young guns , this movie it the bees nees . It has get family laughs . I 'm happy they did not includ the side plot in which one of the boys gets molesteed by there old coach . So go get it and have some fun .
 I somewhat doubt there will be a 4th Mighty Ducks movie . Think about it , there has n't been a mighty ducks out since 1996 . This was the first of three Mighty Ducks movies to come out . Gordon Bombay was a pee-wee hockey player up until he qutis when he misses a pentiity shot . And about 20 to 25 years later he is a lawyer -LRB- who claims he never loses -RRB- but he dores n't count a case when he scored with a reporter . His rival is Frank Hundy -LRB- Steven Brill -RRB- and he decides in a case to pretend to have a meeting with his client when he just wants to keep them waiting . But then Gordon Bombay -LRB- Emilio Estevez -RRB- is arrested for drinking and dvring . Where in a case where he denfes fimself that the judge finds out that Gordon has trouble with the law . And his boss -LRB- Josef Soommer -RRB- decides to keep him on play roll but suspend his divers lience and orders Gordon to 500 hours of commuity servce coaching pee-wee hockey . He hates hockey and he does n't like kids . His first game is against he old pee-wee team -LRB- the Hawks -RRB- coached by his old Hawks coach Jack Reilly -LRB- Lane Smith -RRB- . If you like this how about you watch the 2nd Mighty Ducks movie .
 i liked the movie cuz the guy that was sayin all that stuff . . forgot his name ... the 1 with red hair ... he reminds me of a friend , and i really enjoyed all 3 of the movies .
 ... I really liked this movie . The story was enjoyable and it was pretty funny . It 's a kids movie that is worth watching because it can teach something to adults as well as kids .
 This movie was funny ! I love Hockey , and I love this movie . If you love Hockey , then you 'll love this movie !
 This movie was cute , but the best part of my experience was the service . I was trying to get this movie for my son 's birthday on short notice . We took 6 boys to an NHL hockey game and they watched the movie on the long ride to the arena . They loved it . The seller expedited the order and was great about making sure it arrived on time !
 great from start to endglad I got thishas been viewed 8 times on my dvd playeram glad I saw thishilarious and very touching moving storyeveryone who contributed to this story movie should be proudI love this more and more every time I watch it
 I love hockey and I loved hockey before I saw this movie . this movie did help bring a lot of people my age into hockey to abd a lot of them did n't stay on the Mighty Ducks are a bunch of great kids who will keep kids and adults laughing and even though a lot of the on ice action is corny it is still cool to watch
 I think mighty ducks is a great movie and its really funny . ...
 I first saw this film when i was younger in the summer at an activity centre , and from that day i bugged my parents until they bought it for me . I have owned it on video for several years and i constantly watched it , so when it came out on dvd i jumped at the oppurtunity to purchase it . The story is about a lawer who is put in charge of a hockey team as his community service assigment . Gordon hates kids and he hates hockey . When Gordon was a child he used to play hockey so he is going to be a good coach if he could just get over the fact that he doesnt want to be there . This film is a laugh a minute with childish humour that still makes me laugh now
 The best thing about this movie is you get to see the HARTFORD WHALERS !!! That actual game against the Minnesota North Stars was rather dramatic . There was four seconds left in OT and the with a faceoff deep in the North Stars end . The Whalers won the faceoff and scored with 1.1 seconds left . Famous Whalers radio play-by-play man Chuck Kaiton went crazy during the call , and is one of his famous ones ever . The neat think is I have it on tape !
 This is one of the best movies of all time.I love it 2 bits.My brother got me into watching it.Since then there was n't a day where I had n't watched it.I loved it.It 's utterly brillant.I love the matches , the jokes even the hardwork.Even though I 've watched it so many times I still jump up and down when the Ducks win!My fave player has 2 b Adam Banks.He is the cutest ever.I really want 2 meet the actor who played him -LRB- Vincent A. Laursso -RRB- and everyone who played in the video.I 've got the mighty ducks 2 and i love that even more.I think that maybe that there should b more pictures of the actors on the web.I think other people will agree with me.QUACK!QUACK!QUACK!QUACK!GO DUCKS !
 Emilio Estevez scores the winning goal as Gordon Bombay , a smug , smarmy lawyer who is arrested for drunken driving and is ordered to do community service as the coach of PeeWee hockey team `` District 5 , '' a ragtag group of kids with doubtful playing abilities . He expects it to be hell , but instead he faces his own demons and learns about the importance of teamwork and what REALLY makes a winner . Typical cliched Disney fare , with Bombay redeeming himself in the end and we know even before watching it for the first time which team wins the grand finale , but nonetheless a harmless and inoffensive movie which children and parents will undoubtedly enjoy .
 My 6 yr old grandson loves movies on my kindle fire -- and hockey fans of all ages in our family love the mighty ducks . this movie is becoming a classic , plus ordering movies on kindle fire is fast and easy . we saw this movie in a theater years ago , and it is just as fresh and fast paced and as much fun on the small screen as it was in a movie theater . He and I watched this together , and laughed a lot .
 I bought this for my son . He has the other 2 and wanted this one for his collection . He enjoys watching movies over and over , and I know this one will be one of them .
 ` The Mighty Ducks ' released in '92 is probably the only film that can boast that its theatrical success launched a sports franchise . Fact or fiction , as a movie it found a large enough audience to convince Disney Studios to follow-up with two more installments of Mighty Duck Mania.Plot
 Thank you so much for the quick shipping ! I wanted to surprise my son with some of my &#34; classics &#34; from when I was kid and he loved the movie !
 Classic!Never gets old!Ducks fly together!Great hockey movie ! A little cheesy but you can figure that out from the title and the fact that it is a kids movie .
 really funny . good story line a good family film and a fun watch as well as some decent hockey footage
 My son needed to watch an inspirational movie of a person making a difference in a community to fulfill a requirement for the Citizenship in the Comunity Merit Badge for Boy Scouts . This movie fit the requirement and my family enjoyed watching it together .
 This movie had funny parts , and a good lesson for kids
 Good story line for a hockey movie . Fun for the kids to watch and always a good one to bring up when you are around high school hockey players . A movie that all kids have seen in their lives if they enjoy watching hockey .
 Great movie . They could have left out a few choice words but I enjoyed the movie start to finish .
 One of the things that I like best about these movies -LRB- and about the Major League series as well -RRB- is that as a non-north american , and someone who does n't follow or know anything about either of these sports , I can still enjoy these movies and even learn something . I often feel that they are underrated in how clearly they communicate the underlying foundation of the story , which is the sport , its rules , tactics , and language , without sacrificing the entertainment value . There is a reason why the Mighty Ducks movies keep getting repeated on Australian TV - they are inoffensive , pure entertainment .
 This is a fun movie for children . My sons watched this too many times when they were 4-6 years old and I am convinced this had a significant impact on them learning to love the game of hockey . I know that sounds corny but it is true . My oldest is now playing hockey in college and my younger son is playing in high school & club . Good clean movie . I bought these two copies for two friends of mine who have younger sons interested in the game . Hopefully it will impact them like it did ours . GO DUCKS !
 If you 're looking for a good hockey movie that the kids can actually watch , this Disney vehicle starring Emilio Estevez is actually pretty decent . Estevez plays hotshot Minnesota lawyer and former youth hockey star Gordon Bombay , who gets popped for DUI and sentenced to community service . His assignment
 My son and I really enjoyed this movie . He plays hockey so he could relate . Definately recomend !
 I love this movie ! I would reccomend it to anyone who likes hockey . So buy it if you like hockey and you wo n't be dissapointed !
 This is my favorite disney movie of all time . it tells that you can do whatever you put your mind to . it 's exciting and full of fun characters . i just plain out love this movie .
 An interesting experiment.Great subject , great acting , great sound.Too short however , and too short presence of my beloved Zara.Awaiting more ... The DVD also contains beautiful interviews with Ian Hart , Stephen Lord and Elaine Cassidy -LRB- a delight for the fans of her . -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 ... with a twist . I can only hope there is a season II . Ian Hart keeps epanding as an actor .
 This is an enjoyable video.They cover allot of info in a short time.Half the tape is on `` How Pyramids were constructed & extra terrestrials '' and the other story is on `` Project Blue book '' . The whole tape is 50 minutes.They have experts talking about the popular beliefs on how pyramids were constructed & explain why these popular beliefs can not be . Example `` It is believed the blocks were dragged , by hundreds of slaves , using trees made the blocks easier to drag . However the weight of the blocks would have crushed a tree into pulp , if trees were used like this . That 's one small example . Really good video.I look forward to seeing more of the series .
 The UFO Diaries-Pyramids : The Alien Connection , Project Blue Book is an exellent program . After you watch this Video , you will believe that the pyramids were built by aliens .
 I was personally there at the Live taping of the concert and the video is just as spectacular as the taping , especially when they showed the part where he sang , `` Woke up in New York City '' . You could n't see the effect until you saw the Special on TV or the video . This is definitely a Ricky Martin Fan must have item .
 If you 're as unfortunate as I am to not have seen Ricky Martin live in concert before your own eyes , then this is the next best thing ! It really shows how talented Ricky is , to all you non-believers
 I just want to say that the dvd I watched was incredible . i mean it is kind of impossible to use an adjective to describe how fantastiv it was to me.The quality was perfect -LRB- Audio/Video -RRB- . But really short I expected more time . But well the real perfume comes in small bottles ! so to sum it up if you are a real fan you must get it now . by watching it you will dance , sing and feel as if you were in the best seat in front of the concert ! , yeah , believe i am the biggest fan of ricky in lima , peru i have all the three dvd 's of ricky martin `` the ricky martin video collection '' , `` one night only '' , and ... `` it 's a crazy life '' all these videos were bought from amazon .
 I received this video as a gift but I had wanted it for a long time . I purchased his video collection and that was great . This video shows how good he is in concert and just how cute he really is ! His performance is great and it shows how great his stage presence is . I only wish I could have been there in person . The behind-the-scenes footage and where he personally talks is also great to see ! Buy this if you really love Ricky Martin !
 Recently I 've got three music DVDs of Mariah Carey / # 1 's , George Michael/Greatest Hits Collection and this , which definitely IS the best . The show was so well prepared and exciting that I could watch this three times a day . I can say I was totally mesmerized by the Latin pop . Ricky did a great performance with his unique and wonderful dancing and of course his lovely BIG smile . The special minutes with Jose Feliciano and Santana was a sweet moment also . His explanation about his country and earlier career with rare footage was impressive . I think this must be even better than the previously released DVD -LRB- `` Video Collection '' -RRB- . The video/audio quality is great . One disappointment is that the running time is too short -LRB- only 45min -RRB- . So I want more of Ricky Martin . Ricky , I want your concerts in Korea !
 Wow the whole show was entertaining . It felt like you were in heaven just dancing to the beats along with Ricky , the dancers and the band . The whole concert was great and really entertaining , it felt so much like Carnivale .
 Despite the thousands attending the concert Ricky seems to have a personal bond with each person in the audience . That comes through on the video also . You feel like you are seated in the best seat watching this spectacular show . And spectacular it is ! With bungee jumpers , fabulous dancers and backup singers and unbelievable musicians Ricky puts out a first class production
 For all you Ricky Martin fans , this is the best recorded concert I have seen ! It does n't make you feel bored , not even once !! Ricky dances and sings like a god ! Before he starts singing a song he 'll talk to the audience about it or make a comment on something and keep you very interested ! Then , he walks the streets of Old San Juan in Puerto Rico and talks to you about puertorrican culture and our famous `` piraguas '' -LRB- yummy !! -RRB- . He also sings traditional songs from Puerto Rico with children in his lap !! It is the best and to top it off , Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano join him on stage ! = -RRB-
 IT WAS EXCELLENT . VERY HOT ! HOT ! HOT ! IT BROUGHT BACK MANY MEMORIES OF THE CONCERT I SAW IN NOVEMBER ' 99 .
 Yes believe me ! , who 's talking is the biggest fan of Ricky Martn in Lima Peru . this video will take you to the best seat in the concert and you 'll have the of Ricky in front of you !
 It brings back great memories of his concert , and is just like being there . It is also a GREAT work out tape . It gives you lots of energy ! I watch it everyday ! Love this video .
 A great DVD of a great singer . A must to every real fan around the world , especially the part with Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano - 3 great performers , different ages but so perfect together . AMAZING !
 I had the honor of being there and it was the happiest day of my life !! The video is beautiful and it expresses everything he wanted to say about himself and our beautiful island ! Lucy
 What a fantastic performer - a great singer , dancer , and easy on the eyes ... this is one DVD you will enjoy watching over and over again .
 I 've owned this DVD -LRB- and video ! -RRB- for over a year and I still never get tired of it . Not only that , put this one one when you 're tired and I promise you a quick surge of enegy . You may even shake your bon-bon ! I think this is one of the best TV specials I 've ever seen and it gives only a taste of what Ricky is like in concert . -LRB- In his live performances , the enthusiastic sound of his audience is also uplifting . -RRB- The DVD has the addition of Ricky 's video `` Shake Your Bon Bon '' which is really nice . Buy this , but be warned
 I love this DVD . I lost my first one and then I bought it twice , one for me and other for a friend.I strongelly recommended
 I remember watching this on TV and taped it them . Somewhere along the way I lost the tape and finally found it on here . It is a FANTASTIC show !!! A must have for anyone ... no caveats , just anyone who likes music !
 Wonderful Concert outdoors in front of twin towersGorgeous dancing by Ricky & dancers WOO HOOReally enertaining ! Wonderful sound & singingBeautiful Ricky Martin keepsake
 What can I say ? Wow ... this DVD is stunning ! I picked this up at the video store because I like Ricky 's music . Being a video freak I then started to take it back because I later discovered that it 's not widescreen . I 'm really glad that I did n't . I saw this live on my old television set , but since my new HDTV and 5.1 Surround Sound purchase , I wanted to view it on DVD . The quality of the video and audio is outstanding , and it really gives you the feeling that you are on the front row of a live concert in New York City.The background for this concert is the New York City Skyline with the Twin Towers in all their glory . Time of day changes with the beginning songs in full daylight and continuing as the sun sets and the skyline becomes beautifully lighted . There 's a couple of songs with legends Jose ' Feliciano and Carlos Santana and Ricky sings all of his upbeat easy to dance to latin hits . But my personal favorite is his love ballad , `` She 's all I Ever Had '' . It ends up with a fireworks display out in the harbor but the real fireworks happen on stage . He 's one of very few singers who can actually dance as well as sing . And even though my last name is Martin , I 'm not related to Ricky in any way -LRB- wish I were -RRB- . So if you like his music buy this one . You wo n't regret it .
 Originally I had seen this on TV . I now own the DVD . It is about 45 minutes long and it is very lively . Let 's face it , Ricky Martin is not the best singer out there but he is the most entertaining dancer I have ever seen.I absolutely love this DVD . It is also sort of nice that it is less than one hour . I can always manage to squeeze in an hour of viewing just about any time of the week .
 Ricky Martin is the best do n't ... Ricky has a great voice and his songs are very well written . And he 's very handsome too !
 My son is two years old , and He loves this dvd . He requests it by name , and I always sit and watch it with him . He loves Elmo , the firefighters , and even the `` fillers '' that other reviewers are n't too pleased with.This dvd is for the entire family -- we can all learn something here.While some reviewers think that 2 yrs . old is far too young , I disagree . With repeat viewings , and there have been many of them , my son , realizes that with fire comes the fire fighters who will keep us all safe , warm , and fuzzy -- Sort of like Elmo.Elmo is very scared after the grease fire at Hooper 's store . His raw emotion of fear truly chokes me up . Never before has a muppet had such an impact on me or my son . Frankie , my son , always points out to me , `` he 's scared '' . So , not only is he learning fire safety , but he learning emotion and how to figure out how someone is feeling.Then after Firefighter Bill takes Elmo around the firehouse , Frankie is relieved to see Elmo back to his usual cute self , playing with the firetrucks like any other kid.NYFD does an outstanding job helping Sesame Street viewers and residents how to handle the situation should a fire happen . They were very reassuring and were genuinely concerned about Elmo.I think this is a perfect addition to fans of Elmo , and fans of Fightfighters . There is a sequence of `` elmo 's World '' , some other little cartoons and a video with the 3 little pigs and the big bad wolf called , `` get out stay out do n't you go back in ! '' and little ones get their turn to show us what firefighters wear and how they feel about them . Mr. Noodles sister comes for a silly visit and figures out what the fighter of the flames must wear to be safe . Also , a beautiful girl and close friend of Elmo 's , Sabrina , shows us all her family 's plan in case of fire.My son adores the whole dvd , even the silly Baby bear `` hero Guy '' that the movie ends with .
 This video is very educational . It does start off with a smoke fire in which Elmo gets very scared and begins to shake . This can be scary for a child and I would recommend watching it with your child . -LRB- My son is 19 months old and did not find it scary , but he is still very young -RRB- It is very realistic and shows children what it would be like if there was ever a fire . It is wonderful and teaches childrn all about firemen and the firehouse and what to do in case of a fire . There are cute songs that teach fire safety , like `` Get out , stay out , do n't you go back in '' . Another excellent lesson is that children should not hide from the firemen . In the event of a real fire a child will be terrified and may mistake the fireman for a monster . This movie explains that firemen are there to help and not to be affraid of them.I do n't agree that it should only be shown to children over 3 or 4 , because you can not guarantee your children will not experience a fire before that time . Heaven forbid there is a fire and they are not prepared . Although this movie is a little scary , I think it is definitely worth watching with your child . I think ever house should have a fire plan and discuss fire safety , and this movie helps bring the topic to a toddler 's level . After all , the more prepared you are for a fire , the better chance of getting out alive .
 My kids age 2 and 5 love this video . They both want to practice fire safety now and are much less scared . It is a good platform to jumpstart a very important topic .
 My daughter watches this daily and loves it just as much every time . I enjoy it alot as well . If you have an Elmo fan in your world , this comes with the most recommendations !!!!!!!
 I have a 22 month old son who LOVES this DVD . He is really into trucks , fire engines , and ambulances . Basically , any vehicle that makes noises . He begs for me to put this in every day . He was not afraid at all in the beginning when Elmo shakes . They do show Elmo very afraid , but the adults in the DVD really do everything to make him feel better and let him explain his feelings . There are catchy songs and good fire safety information . You should preview this DVD and judge for yourself if your child is to sensitive for the part where Elmo shakes in the beginning . If you feel that part is to scary for your child then skip to the next chapter of the DVD . It 's a small part of the DVD and the rest of the DVD has so much educational material . I highly recommend this DVD .
 I 'll admit I almost did n't buy this for my then 2 year old son because of some of the comments about Elmo being too scared . I 'm so glad I did n't listen and bought it anyway ! My husband is a firefighter and EMT and my son is enchanted with anything firefighters . The video does a great job of teaching children what to do when there is a fire without being too preachy . Yes , Elmo is scared at the beginning -- he was in a very scary situation , but the adults and firefighters are there to make him feel better and by the end he is the happy Elmo we all know . I watched it with my son the first time , and he was not scared at all . He is almost 4 now and this is still one of his favorite DVD 's . The lessons are timeless and the video does a great job of showing the kids all about firefighters and how to stay safe when there is a fire . My husband uses clips of it when he goes into schools during Fire Prevention Week . I am a teacher , but I teach Middle School , so this video is not appropriate . However , if I taught younger kids I would definately use it .
 My 2 year old is obsessed with firetrucks and he begs to watch this video everyday . No really , EVERYDAY . I watched it with him the first time to see what the FRIGHTENED ELMO deal was about and could n't believe how much people overreacted . Elmo appears scared & timid but definitely not traumatized ! My son was n't frightened in the least bit and it 's good that he learns fires are scary . I 'm not trying to raise a sissy .
 My daughter who is a huge Elmo fan enjoyed this DVD . She was very sympathetic when Elmo was afraid , but now points out every fire truck , tells me why the firefighters wear their boots , hat and jacket , and can stop , duck and go .
 Most of all Elmo World DVD has been a blessing from my child because it teaching them how to socialize with others .
 This my second copy ... the first was worn out by my two boys ! They loved it so much that I had to buy a new one .
 When my granddaughter was small , she loved this video and squealed with delight when the fire truck drove out of the Fire House . Alas , she grew up . My grandson is now 2 , and I may have bought this prematurely for him . He loves Elmo , so I know he will eventually get into this video . Video also includes some good information as to how to act if there is a fire in your home . Very instructive for small children .
 I was very satisfied with this product , it came very quickly and was a new product . Made a little girl very happy .
 My 2 year-old grandson loves fire trucks and stations so of course this Elmo video is a giant hit with him . I like the fact that they take the time to teach Elmo that he should not be afraid of what happened in Hooper 's store . Showing him the fire station and the fire uniform is very informative .
 My toddler watched this video every night for months , it was his favorite ! A lifesaver on long trips and flights . Highly recommend !
 My husband is a fire fighter and my 2 year old LOVES this dvd . My husband likes it too ! Elmo takes a tour of a real fire station and plenty of other Sesame Street fun . If your toddler loves fire trucks and fire fighters he/she will love this .
 My 4 yr . old loves anything to do with firetrucks or firemen , so I had to buy this DVD . Oh , and of course , he loves Elmo , too . It is a little scary whenever there is a fire in Sesame Street , but he learns that as long as you do what you need to do , you 'll be fine . I think every child needs to learn what to do if there is a fire , and it 's a fun , yet educational DVD .
 My 2.5-yr-old and I both enjoy this . It 's a good mix between fun and giving my son important information . That information is a good balance between the scariness of fire and the ways to keep yourself safe .
 Great condition and in time for Christmas . Looked everywhere for this and found in here . No stores had it !
 Product arrived promptly and in the condition described . would recommend this buyer to others and would use again .
 What is up with some of you people going on about how awful it is that Elmo is scared in this DVD . Yeah , he should be . He is in a restaurant when a FIRE starts . That is the whole idea here . Kids should know FIRES are dangerous . My 3 year old loves firefighters . He has 5 fire trucks , a firefighter outfit , a hose , 3 hats and lots of video/DVDs about firefighters . He is a firefighteroholic but , he also appreciates that FIRE is very dangerous and not something that 's fun and yippee ! On the first viewing of this DVD he turns to me and says , `` Papa , Elmo Scared '' , and I tell him , `` Yes he is son because , he is in a restaurant that has a lot of smoke coming out of the kitchen . And he is not sure what is going on '' . On the arrival of FDNY Elmo , still shaking , is slowly reassured that it is ok to be scared about FIRE and that it is also understandable that the firefighters in all their uniforms can be scary as well . Elmo is then invited back to the firehouse to see what a firefighter does and look at all the gear they need . At the end of the firehouse tour Elmo is no longer scared . So , if you want a good DVD about the dangers of FIRE and what a child should do when a FIRE starts in their presence this is a great DVD to purchase but , if you want your child to live in a dream world where everything is fun and sweet and good enough to eat , stay away from this DVD .
 We checked this dvd out from the library a couple of months before our son 's second birthday , and we knew right away we would have to buy one for our home . He would wake up in the morning and beg , `` Elmo Firetruck House ? '' He learned all about firefighters and firetrucks . We bought him a firetruck and hat for his birthday and he plays with them while watching this dvd . The firefighters in the video are actual firefighters , and they did a great job of teaching what to do in a fire . We all love this one !
 The initial story segment where Elmo experiences a fire at Mr Hoopers store , is scary , and you should definitely watch it with your child . The rest of the video does a wonderful job of reassuring and teaching your toddler , and my 28 mo old son who is into anything with wheels just loves the video overall . He does get pretty upset when Elmo is scared initially , but since we never let him watch TV alone , this is not a problem for us . Incredibly educational about fire safety , and scary situations in general . I picked it up on tape and regret the necessity for endless rewinds ... So do go for the DVD version .
 All of the Elmo videos are a hit at our house and when I saw this one in the store I knew it would n't be an exception . This video combines two of my three year old daughters great loves Elmo and fire trucks ! A ca n't miss combination . The video starts with a fire at my Mr. Hooppers store . The fire fighters come to put the fire out and everything is fine but the fire makes Elmo sad and worried . I watched this part with my daughter the first few times . She tends to get upset if she sees Elmo upset but she was fine when she got to see that everything turns out okay . To help Elmo conquer his fear the fire fighters invite Elmo to the station to see what they do . The video is packed with great fire safety tips the most important being that if there is a fire your child should not be sacred of the firefighter and should run towards them . It may seem simple advice but it was something I had n't ever thought to talk to my daughter about . This video can spark important fire safety discussions with your child . The video continues with a firefighter episode of Elmo 's world . There is also a segment of Baby Bear 's Hero Guy . The fire fighters used in this video are ones from New York City . I always get a little teary eyed when I see them in this video . I ca n't help but think of September 11th and how three hundred and thirty four fire fighters heroically gave their lives . I find the scene where Elmo asks them if they ever get scared especially poignant . Thankfully my daughter is too young to understand the horror of September 11th and she justs enjoys this videos with the innocence of a child . This is a wonderful video and a great tribute to fire fighters . May god bless and protect the firefighters everywhere .
 My 2-year old grandson is completely mesmerized by this video . He wants to watch it all the time - and asks for it by name.There are so many good lessons to be learned from this production about what to do in case of a fire - and it is directed to the toddler in such a way that not only does it grab his/her attention - but the message that the video intends to convey is done quite well - with subliminal tones.Be prepared for a different format - an actual trip to the firehouse and a sampling of the life of firefighters with on-camera interviews and interactions . I categorize it as being more educational than pure entertainment - but what a lesson it brings to the little ones!I shared this video with the day-care that my grandson attends - and all of the little ones -LRB- toddlers -RRB- were taken with it . The mix of real life and regular Sesame Street life is just right for their level of attention and comprehension.As a grandparent of a young child - I highly recommend it as a holiday stocking stuffer . It is well worth the cost in terms of life lessons and is certainly appropriate in today 's world .
 I enjoy this dvd for several reasons ; real footage of firefighters , firetrucks and firehouses . Children try on fire uniforms , fun cartoons followed by your typical `` Elmo 's World '' with a fire theme . Lots of sirens , blinking lights and information . Yes , in the beginning of the show Elmo does get scared , god forbid he reflect real feelings . Do we need to protect our children THAT much ? I think with Elmo showing he is scared , they are invited to share their scared feelings . Its brief and once Elmo starts meeting more firemen and seeing the firehouse he begins to feel better . It 's a great springboard for talking about other feelings besides happy happy joy joy - AND a great start to talking about serious situations . Just as entertaining as other Elmo videos and quite possibly less annoying , than others , for adults . -LRB- I do n't care for the voice of ` waddle waddle hop hop ' and ` itsy bitsy spider ' -RRB-
 My toddler and kindergarten age sons both love firefighters , and this video helped them learn about fire safety in the happy confines of Elmo 's world . The fire in Hooper 's Store was a tad scarier than I thought it would be , but I think it received the seriousness it deserved . My boys were concerned , but seeing Elmo handle his fears was reassuring . Also , they love to sing the fire safety songs , and know to `` get low and go '' in the event of a fire . We own the video , and I plan to get the DVD as well ; a very worthwhile video .
 This is a very well done educational -LRB- IMHO -RRB- DVD . Elmo DOES become scarted , and your child might be scared a bit while watching it , but fire is scarey and it is n't a bad thing to see Elmo scared . Maria is there with him all along , and mom or dad should be with the child when first viewing this DVD ... we used this as a spring board to talk about good fires -LRB- to cook with , fireplaces etc -RRB- and bad fires . Kids even in day cares have fire drills , so they are n't as sheltered as most parents think when it comes to fire . But , having a plan in YOUR home is something that everyone should TAKE time to make . This DVD helps open the door to conversation , and helps kids not be afraid of the firefighter suits . A good point is made , the firefighter tells Elmo even if the firefighter looks scarey , he is there to help , and if in a fire go to the firefighter not away . I also like the `` get low and go '' tag line it helps us all remember to Get low and Go !
 I have two year old twin girls who are absolutely mesmorized by this film , every day they insist on watching it , and have learned how to handle situations involving a fire without even realizing it . They both claim they want to be fire fighters so they can `` put out the fire in Hooper 's Store '' . I highly reccomend this movie to any parent wanting to teach their child about fire safety .
 My three year old son is not much into TV or videos . However , since he has been going through his firetruck phase I decided to see if he would enjoy this video . He wants to do nothing else but watch this all the time . In the morning he will grab the DVD and put it in the player exclaiming FIRETRUCK ELMO !! He puts on his firehat and plays with his firetruck while watching the video . Absolutely the best . Keeps him entertained the entire show . It also teaches great lessons of to get out of a building when it is on fire and to stay out . It teaches that although firefighters may look scary they are there to help you . It also teaches that firefighters do n't just put out fires but also help the injured and rescue animals . All in all one of the best videos I have purchased .
 We got this DVD for my daughter for Christmas . She loves it - sometimes loses interest in other Sesame Street videos , but she sits through this one over and over and ... We bought her the Fisher Price Little People firetruck and rescue set , and she plays with them while watching the video . She was not frightened by this video in the least and chooses it from her many video options to watch regularly .
 It took a few times watching it for my son to get over Elmo being scared-and a lot of explaining by me . But once that was done he really enjoys all the different fire trucks !! Good video and very information .
 As others have indicated this is a great video , and has very quickly become one of my 20 month old son 's favorites . He loves the fire trucks and the scene with the fireman 's pole . He 's also very concerned when Elmo is scared , but seems immediately reassured when Fireman Bill explains all of his equipment.However the DVD seems to have a very minor incompatibility with my older Sony DVP-S530D DVD player . After hitting play from the main menu we are treated to a blank screen unless we hit fast forward briefly to get it back on track . From then on it 's flawless .
 and i thought the wiggles were the best . NO WAY ! elmo kicks butt ! my 17 month old son can not take his eyes of melmo ... yes , i said melmo . i actually went out and bought an elmo stuffed gund for him . my husband and i can actually sit and eat dinner without interuption . what a God send !
 Having a emergency like a fire is a scarey thing and they need to know.My 4 year old learned so much and now tells me that when there is a fire `` you never go back in the house '' . PRICELESS !! All you complaining & bad rapping this educational movie , GOOD LUCK with any emergencies you may have .
 This is an excellent kid-friendly video to introduce fire safety to your kids . This can be a difficult topic for younger children to understand and this movie does a great job at introducing the topic and reinforcing what you are teaching them . Children under age 5 are twice as likely to die in a fire - so it is crucial that we do all that we can to reinforce the importance of fire safety . This movie is a good one to have in your bag of resources . My almost 4 daughter watches this movie again and again !
 my 22 month old son is somewhat interested in Elmo 's World on Sesame Street , but he was riveted to this entire DVD about Firehouses . I do n't know if he grasped all the concepts yet , but it 's a decent DVD with solid safety concepts in it about fires & firefighters .
 My daughter absolutely loves this DVD . Her father is a firefighter and I think it helps her understand things a little easier . She understands taht Elmo gets nervous and upset , but in the end always comments that he is `` better now '' . She requests this specific DVD daily !
 is that this is the first new episode of Sesame Street aired after 9/11 . EVERYBODY was extremely scared , confused , and emotional for months after that . This was Sesame Street 's answer to how we talk to our kids about the scary things that happen in the world . I think it is great that it shows that it 's okay for Elmo to be afraid , but educating yourself on safety procedures helps ease the fear .
 What can you say -- awesome dvd ! My little 2 yr old watches this everyday !!! Would highly recommend !
 my family and i have watched this video a dozen of times alredy !!! it 's super fun !
 Not sure why another reviewer only gave this 1 star ! Both my 2-year old and 3-year old love this DVD . It 's a great way to teach little Elmo Lovers about fire safety and to help them become LESS fearful . Yes , it does show Elmo afraid because a fire in Hooper 's store -LRB- all they show is smoke coming from the back room due to a small grease fire -RRB- . He 's three years old , of course he 's scared ! BUT , that 's the whole point of the DVD . After the fire , Elmo is invited to and visits the fire station where he talks to and learns about fire fighters , gets a tour of the fire station and learns what to do in case of a fire , and by the end of the DVD he 's not scared anymore . It shows that fires do n't need to be a scary thing as long as you know what to do . Has catchy songs that teach fire safety , and Elmo does a great job in showing other children that they do n't need to be afraid if they know what to do . I think it does a GREAT job at teaching little ones fire safety !
 What is better than Firemen and Elmo for a DVD of learning and fun . A big hit with our grandchildren .
 I bought this for my 4 year old and she loves it ... I even enjoy watching it . The cartoon is cute and the songs really help her learn the material . If your child loves to sing then I highly recommend this video . It teaches the child everything they need to know to start reading music and it is fun ! It is worth every penny . The only downside is the video does not teach your child to play any songs but it does teach them the basics of reading music . It would be great if they could throw in a simple song at the end .
 My daughter is 3 years old . She started traditional music lessons about three months ago but was progressing very slowly.As I put on the DVD the very first time she did not want to take it off . The presentation is very good and she not only loved it but music suddenly made sense . I watched it with her and even I found it entertaining , easy to learn and remember the notes on the staff and the positioning of the first 7 notes on the piano.I would love to get this in a series for my daughter to learn everything about music . It certainly makes it easy for anyone to learn but especially for young kids . Also the style of teaching allows you to watch it like a movie and remember the lessons for when you go on the piano at a later time . There is no need to have the piano in front of you while you learn.I highly recommend this DVD to all parents with young kids who are about to learn piano and music for the first time .
 Compared to what I found available on the market ; Trebellina and Dot this one is the best . The pace is fast enough to keep my son -LRB- 16 months -RRB- engaged . It moves along the lessons in a relaxed way that takes it out of context to allow digestion , such as bus rides and preparing snacks . It is paced well and the songs are catchy . I would recommend the purchase .
 I bought this DVD for my 4 year old son after he expressed an interest in the piano . It is a great way to introduce the piano and music theory to a child . The songs are catchy and and the images are pretty fun . I am so glad I bought this !
 My 2 year old wo n't stop watching this . . over & over again!Now , she has knowledge and recognition of musical concepts that I was n't sure how to go about teaching to a 2 year old . Concepts such as the treble clef , musical notes , middle c ... etcEXCELLENT beginner piano video !!
 The video is very good , it is cartoon characters which really kept my 5 year old engaged . I think the information is a little bit complex , but in my case that is a good thing because I dont want him to master the DVD the first time he watches it . I think it is great for what it is , I only wish they had a larger series covering more about the subject . I will have to say the materials on the DVD are very catchy , and my son loves watching it . There is also some song choices at the end . 30 minutes is a bit short , but it seems longer wit the menu of all the songs at the end . There really is nothing else out there like this from what I can see .
 Tall , brave , clear thinking ... Randolph Scott . A great western with a great cast . Virginia Mayo ... wonderful , always a favorite , Andrew Duggan , Michael Pate , and the beautiful Karen Steele . Ya ' ca n't go wrong Padna .
 In 1864 , Union cavalry Captain John Hayes -LRB- Randolph Scott -RRB- is commissioned to head up a new daily overland stage operation between California and Julesburg , Colorado , to bring both mail and gold east for the Union -LRB- yet for some reason the film is titled `` Westbound '' ; I guess `` Eastbound '' would n't be a compelling title for a western -RRB- . Hayes is very familiar with Julesburg , the place he lost his sweetheart Norma -LRB- Virginia Mayo -RRB- to hotel owner and local big man Clay Putnam -LRB- John Duggan -RRB- . On arriving in town , he finds it to be full of Confederate sympathizers , chief among them Putnam and his gunslinging right-hand man Mace -LRB- Michael Pate -RRB- , and he finds few sympathetic to his own cause besides one-armed soldier Rod Miller -LRB- Michael Dante -RRB- and his wife Jeanie -LRB- Karen Steele -RRB- , and a few broken-down old drivers and sodbusters . Soon things turn violent , but will the town of Julesburg turn a blind eye because of it 's southern sympathies , or will it end up supporting the honorable Hayes and his attempts to just run a stage line?The fourth of the seven collaborations between director Budd Boetticher and star Randolph Scott , WESTBOUND is generally considered the weakest , and was dismissed by the director himself as something that should have gone riding into the ocean . It 's not that bad at all , though I suppose I 'd agree with the conventional wisdom . The major problem is that the basic screenplay and story -LRB- by Berne Giler and Albert S. LeVino -RRB- just are n't that compelling ; we 've seen loads of town overlords who employ amoral gunslingers to do their dirty work , and neither Clay Putnam nor his wife are particularly well-developed . And the film rushes by in a way that belies the obviously fairly expensive -LRB- at least for Boetticher -RRB- production - it 's glossy and beautifully photographed in very bright Technicolor -LRB- by J. Peverell Marley -RRB- , and yet it feels undeveloped and far too short at 72 minutes to really explore some of the interesting underlying themes very much at all . One thing I liked is that there 's a subtle contrast between the one-armed `` half a man '' Rod , and the weak and amoral Clay , and their marriages to strong women - but that does n't really go anywhere , and Mayo in particular is underused.But as I say , the color is great - though I must mention that it 's a bit TOO glossy overall , and this is one of those westerns where the women all look like they 've come out of 50s glamour shoots - and Boetticher 's shot selection and direction of actors is excellent all around . There are some memorable moments , like a 30-second street-level shot of several men moving towards a fallen and dying man , a stagecoach robbery that goes all wrong , and a stampede in the rain , and Boetticher manages to get a few of his typically terse and funny bits of dialogue in as well . And Scott is really quite good , dominating the action in a way he did n't always need to do - it 's as if here he knows the material is n't that good , and so he steps it up a little bit . It 's interesting to see him play a Union officer ; I 've seen him play Confederates several times , but I 'm not sure I 've seen him wearing the blue . The music by David Buttolph sounds like it could be from any western , it 's just so ... `` generic '' ... but it 's fine , if a little too lively for the dark turn the story ends up taking . And the ending of the film , with Scott in a rather ambivalent place as regards both of the main female characters , is kind of neat.This is a no-frills Warner Archive disc and as such the `` chapters '' are just breaks at each 10-minute mark , and there are no extras at all ; but it plays fine , and the print is in good shape , and it 's correctly presented at 1.85:1 . Certainly nobody should be rushing to get this before they 've got the first Boetticher/Scott collaboration , Seven Men From Nowor theThe Films of Budd Boetticherbox set containing the other five . But if you 've got and love those , this film though just a bit less impressive , is essential .
 Randolph Scott and Budd Boetticher combine their talents once again to make an exciting western/civil war movie.Scott is ask to leave his Civil War duties back east to run a stageline full time to deliver gold to the union.The transfer from the Warner Archive line is beautiful . Very crisp and colorful.All-in-All gets a B + from me .
 This is not one of those great five star Boetticher films -LRB- Comanche Station etc. -RRB- , but still a very good one -LRB- 4,5 ! -RRB- . Scott is always good . He is so natural that one does not give enough credit for his acting . There are a lot good actors in this film though my favorite Virginia Mayo does not have very much to do . The only minus is the somewhat predictable story . Burt Kennedy did not write this one . I recommend this film highly . The dvd quality is also great .
 I remember seeing this movie at The Drake theater on Woodhaven Blvd. -LRB- which is an Italian Restaurant now ! -RRB- in Queens , NY in '60 or '61 at a Saturday afternoon kiddie Matinee with some friends who are long gone now . I was 7 or 8 at the time and the movie stood out when I saw it . It was superior to the usual dreck that they played -LRB- Sinbad and Cheesie Horror Movies -RRB- This was a Western and a Randolph Scott Western to boot . Years later when I got more `` sophisticated '' i.e. college student I realised it was a Bud Boetticher Western ! I knew I was on to something . By the way Karen Steele who plays the eventual widow in the movie was married to Boetticher at the time . Hope this little essay helps .
 Although I knew who Randolph Scott was as an actor , I had never really watched his movies before . Now , I really do enjoy them as much as John Wayne and Jimmy Stewart westerns .
 Warner Bros. . Pictures presents `` WESTBOUND '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- -LRB- 72 min/Color -RRB- -- Starring Randolph Scott , Virginia Mayo , Karen Steele , Michael Dante , Andrew Duggan & Michael PateDirected by Budd BoetticherCapt . John Hayes -LRB- Scott -RRB- left the Civil War behind him when he took on the job of managing the Overland Stage Lines out of a small Colorado town . Clay Putnam -LRB- Andrew Duggan -RRB- has not forgotten that the Confederacy lost and he plans on robbing Hayes ' Overland Stage of one of its gold shipments from California to the North . He wants the gold to stay in the South to revive the Confederate cause . Meanwhile , his wife Norma -LRB- Virginia Mayo -RRB- complicates matters since she was Hayes ' old flame , and Putnam 's cronies want the gold for themselves.Great story within a story of the one armed Federal veteran running a relay station . The color and cinematography was good too . HOWEVER , what really caught my attention , and still does , is the musical score ! The music , especially the theme for traveling stagecoaches , is perfect , and very melodic ! Hats off to composer David Buttolph for his orchestration through the west.Great cast with Michael Pate , Andrew Duggan , Karen Steele and Michael Dante.A fast-paced western with a number of twists , its is an fine example of the Scott / Boetticher pairing.BIOS :1 . Budd Boetticher -LRB- Director -RRB- Date of Birth
 In the larger pantheon of the western , THE GOLDEN STALLION -LRB- 1949 -RRB- may hold a status as a minor classic , but in the world of the B-western , it stands out as a masterpiece , arguably Roy Rogers ' best film and certainly compelling viewing for anyone interested in a strong , simple story well told . This is the one where Roy goes to jail on a manslaughter charge rather than let his horse Trigger take the rap for the death of a bad guy -LRB- who 'd been trying to steal a wild mare which fought back and then ran away -RRB- . Roy 's act saves Trigger 's life but can not prevent him from being auctioned off and purchased by a corrupt businessman who then uses Trigger in an elaborate diamond smuggling-across-the-Mexican border scheme . In the course of it all , Trigger mates with the runaway mare and fathers Trigger , Jr. . Dale Evans plays a local ranch owner who writes to Roy in prison every week and helps him to clear his -LRB- and Trigger 's -RRB- name . The musical numbers are not too intrusive and are enlivened by the presence of Estelita Rodriguez as Dale 's South American gal pal , Pepe Valdez.This is the best-looking Trucolor print of a Roy Rogers western I 've ever seen . The blues are typically strong , the reds look red -LRB- not orange -RRB- and , surprisingly , the green of the foliage is actually a dark forest green , not brown as it usually registered in Trucolor . -LRB- Trucolor was a two-color process used by Republic Pictures in lieu of the more expensive three-color Technicolor process . -RRB- There is a lot of beautifully-photographed horse action here , with Trigger sharing the spotlight not only with the mare sought after by the smugglers but also with Trigger Jr. . If you 're a fan of westerns devoted to horses , then this one 's for you . I immediately thought of this film when I saw the 2002 animated release , SPIRIT
 Quentin Tarantino lauded William Witney 's directing of this movie and Roy 's performance in a New York Times interview this year -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . Trigger is blamed for a killing done by a wild horse , and Roy confesses to the crime to save him and serves three years for manslaughter . Witney once again handles animal scenes with finesse as the wild mare dies after giving birth to Trigger Jr. . A beautiful story , in color showing off both golden palominos , in which Roy temporarily loses Trigger to a band of diamond smugglers and recovers him in a typical Witney action climax .
 One of the better Roy Rogers films , especially for fans of Trigger . When diamond-smugglers hide their stolen treasure inside the horseshoe of a gorgeous golden mare , Roy Rogers and Trigger are hot on her trail -LRB- Trigger for reasons other than Roy 's , obviously -RRB- . When Trigger is accused of murdering one of the smugglers , Roy takes the rap and goes to jail . The plot takes on more curly-cue twists than the designs on Roy 's fancy saddle when the mare gives birth to Trigger Jr. , and Trigger is taken by the thieves . Roy , finally out of jail , uses the colt to catch the bad guys and get Trigger back . If you 're a real Trigger fan , do n't miss 1946 's My Pal Trigger , which follows the prized palomino from his birth through his first meeting with his pardner Roy . Another great Trigger movie moment is in 1952 's Son of Paleface in which he costarred with comedian Bob Hope.Staci Layne Wilson
 It 's excellent ; Trigger is the star . Movie has great color , beautiful scenery . Dale & Estella are great together . I recommend it hiighly . A pleasure to watch .
 Republic Pictures presents `` THE GOLDEN STALLION '' -LRB- 15 November 1949 -RRB- -LRB- 67 mins/B & W ; / Color -RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- Roy Rogers -LRB- born Leonard Slye -RRB- moved to California in 1930 , at the age of 18 -- played in such musical groups as The Hollywood Hillbillies , Rocky Mountaineers , Texas Outlaws and his own group , the International Cowboys -- In 1934 he formed a group with Bob Nolan and Tim Spencer called `` Sons of the Pioneers '' -- While in that group he was known as Leonard Slye , then Dick Weston and finally Roy Rogers -- Their songs included `` Cool Water '' and `` Tumbling Tumbleweeds '' -- They first appeared in the western `` Rhythm on the Range '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , starring Bing Crosby -- In 1937 Roy went solo and made his first starring film in 1938 , `` Under Western Stars '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- -- He made almost 100 films -- then came television , `` The Roy Rogers Show '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- ran on CBS from October 1951 through September 1964 . Under William Witney -LRB- Director -RRB- , Edward J. White -LRB- Producer -RRB- , Sloan Nibley -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- , Jack A. Marta -LRB- Cinematographer -RRB- , Edward Cherkose -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Nathan Gluck -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Sol Meyer -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Ann Parentean -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Sid Robin -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Nathan Scott -LRB- Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- , Jule Styne -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Foy Willing -LRB- Songwriter -RRB- , Stanley Wilson -LRB- Composer -LRB- Music Score -RRB- , Tony Martinelli -LRB- Editor -RRB- , Frank Hotaling -LRB- Art Director -RRB- , John McCarthy -LRB- Set Designer -RRB- , James S. Redd -LRB- Set Designer -RRB- , Adele Palmer -LRB- Costume Designer -RRB- , T.A. Carman -LRB- Sound/Sound Designer -RRB- , Bob Mark -LRB- Makeup -RRB- , Howard Lydecker -LRB- Special Effects -RRB- , Theodore Lydecker -LRB- Special Effects -RRB- - - - - Our story line and plot , The complicated plot of this film combines the story of diamond smugglers using horses to spirit the precious stones across the Mexican border with a tale about trigger siring Trigger , Jr. -- In expectation of Roy 's later television series , Pat Brady drives a jeep in this feature -- In the New York Times article , `` Watching Movies With Quentin Tarantino '' -LRB- 9/15/00 -RRB- , he discusses the film in depth , finding the relationship between Rogers and Trigger particularly moving
 This is a Roy Rogers classic and our daughters favorite movie starring this actor . I was thankful to find it and give it to her for her birthday !
 I LOVE CSI . The show is just brilliant , the actors have depth and skill that showcase the true star ... SCIENCE ! There are some good extras included on the dvd 's , with some behind-the-scenes peeks . This was a gift for my husband , but , we both enjoy it -LRB- the only drawback is that you should not watch this with kids around , so we only get to see episodes when our son is already in bed asleep -RRB- .
 I do not watch TV a lot . But , CSI is totally different than others . It has all the ingredients to get you like perfect stories , perfect characters . It is not science fiction at all . You are learning something new at every episode . Evidence gathering , problem solving , adventure , and science combined wisely in the all series . Also , philosophy of the good , bad , and justice discussed sometime in a very advanced level . Another fact , forensic science enrollment increased after airing CSI . This proves that CSI inspires people and promotes science . I watch all the series , and it is impossible to pick best one . I love all !!! You can not beat this show .
 Season 3 is good , great stand alone episodes but as a whole the team begins to fall away this season.Catherine & Sara take the big chunk of the storylines & both the superb George Eads & Gary Dourgan do n't get have the chance to shine as they did in the previous two . Nether the less its great viewing & drama.The hightlights have got to be the season opener , A Little Murder , Last Laugh , snuff etc but it truelly is the cast who make this show , great going & the team is the heart , George Eads has done a superb job with bringing Nicky Stokes on even when his character is so overlooked.Its still the best TV show out there & the cast are superb , well done Billy , Marj & Co you deserve the merit for all you have given this show & CBS !!!
 For us dyed-in-the wool CSI fans , the Las Vegas site is the best and this collection of programs is pure delight -LRB- if a bit gory at times -RRB- . For those who are not entranced by Jerry Bruchheimer 's latest hit series , it will probably be sometimes tedious . Accurate science -LRB- I 'm a chemistry and microbiology/immunology major -RRB- , great scripts with good characterization , and wonderful desert scenery and camera work .
 I really enjoyed this set of DVD 's . There is nothing like being able to watch a favorite show without commercial interruptions !
 After being a Law & Order fan for many years , I soon became a CSI fan as well . And , to date , I find that the third season is the best season yet . It is within this season that we get to see the real human side of the CSIs ; they 're not cold nor devoid of emotion , and some of the cases go straight to the heart for these hard-working , crime solving supercops.If crime shows is your thing , as it is mine , this is definitely a season to add to your collection !
 I received C.S.I. Third season in a timely manner and excellent condition . I thank you for always be efficient about all my orders .
 Even if you do n't like this programme -LRB- how could you not ??? -RRB- , it 's worth buying simply to watch George Eads the whole way through . He 's so hot . The combination of a good cast and interesting -LRB- if not often creepy -RRB- storylines , keeps me watching this show each and every week and I could watch all of these episodes over and over . Go out and buy this now . It will get you hooked .
 The show continues to produce crowd pleasing episodes that are well written and well thought of plotlines and twists . There were a number of episodes that focused on the lives of the characters and I think that 's a good direction.Some of the best episodes of Season 3 are : - Let the Seller Beware-The Execution of Catherine Willow-Blood Lust-Random Acts of Violence -LRB- a great Warrick episode -RRB- - Lady Heather 's Box-Crash and Burn -LRB- love the parallelism of the two plots -RRB- - A Night at the Movies -LRB- a great nod to Alfred Hitchcock 's Strangers on the Train -RRB- - Play With FireGrade
 Season 3 , in my opinion , moved CSI back to being the best drama series on the networks . The episodes are fresh , thrilling , and puzzling enough to keep viewers entranced . I say `` back to being the best '' because I thought the quality of season 2 dipped a little from the blockbuster first season.I seriously doubt any viewer needs a recommendation from me or others to be motivated to buy this DVD set . Primarily I was compelled to question another reviewer 's accusation that 4 `` reruns '' were included in this third season set . Where did he get THAT ? If you check the season episode finder for the first two seasons , which the reviewer says he has , you 'll find no such repeats . Has he been watching broadcast episodes and now calls them reruns ? That 's pretty funny!Anyway , this is a terrific set to continue the fascination most of us feel for the series ! Buy it and enjoy .
 I was completely hooked on CSI.I love all the episodes in season 3 . This is a good buy .
 I purchased this item for my older boss as a birthday present . He and I are huge fans of CSI . I immediately borrowed it from him . :-RRB- Good quality , lots of extras . Definite entertainment for fans of the show .
 this was great i got the product earlier then i expected and it was in the exact condition that was stated on amazon . When i go to buy more movies i will deffinitly be going through the same group : D
 A smash hit from the moment of its 2000 debut , CSI
 Keeps you guessing , has a little bit of gore , and is still my favorite show on TV !
 This box set is a must have for CSI fans . I will be buying the 7th season .
 I am a big fan of CSI and I loved the third season .
 What can you say about a television series that started out great and continues to be a must-see show ? I bought a dvd player just so I could catch up and start from the beginning and buy Season 1 and 2 . Highly recommended ! Not to be missed !
 I love CSI . I own both the first and second seasons . I looking forward to getting the third one for my birthday . The only thing lacking in the first one was the extra features . The second season did improve in that department . And hopefully the third will be even better ! YOU GOT TA GET THIS ... has awesome acting by William Peterson , Marg Helgenberger , Dary Dourdan , George Eads , Jorja Fox , Eric Szmanda , and Paul G. !!!
 By it 's third season , C.S.I. became a force to be reckoned with . The highest rated show on prime time TV managed to get better and better by each passing episode as the crimes investigated by Gil Grissom -LRB- William Petersen , never better -RRB- grow all the more bizarre . Superstar producer Jerry Bruckheimer 's mega production values give the show a gloss that no other prime time TV drama has , and the cast is better than ever , with special nods going to Gary Dourdan and the gorgeous Jorja Fox . The ever growing plot twists in various episodes owe a huge debt to the early years of the long running Law & Order , as C.S.I. finds ever growing greatness just as the aformentioned show did in it 's prime years ago . Just as with the previous two C.S.I. season collections , Paramount has hardly assembled any extras for this set , which is yet again a major disappointment . Besides that though , if you 've never watched C.S.I. , now has never been a better time to dive in .
 This is an imaginative and entertaining show - one of the best on TV in a long long time . One that is fun to watch over again on DVD . Widescreen makes it tons better than the old square pictures we have been used to . Widescreen is the way of the future and it 's here to stay .
 I absolutely love this series and I am so excited to have it ! It 's great to be able to watch all your favorite episodes ... and even the ones you missed :O . It is a wonderful addition to my collection and I ca n't wait for future seasons .
 With stand alone stories , you could walk right into season three no problem . So much better than Alias or anything else in it 's class . My only beef is that occasionally I can see the `` dead '' bodies breathing and in one case twitching . It 's happened 5 or 6 times and is the only flaw . I like to pretend that I 'm watching Will Grahem -LRB- aka Gill Grisom -RRB- as Manhunter 20 + years later still catching bad guys . Worth every penny , all three seasons were watched in a month . AWESOME and RARE TV .
 it 's one of the best show I 've ever seen before !!! right now I have all the 5 season and it 's great to have the opportunity to wach it any time I want to !!! . the video quality is perfect!if you are a CSI fan . you need this season in your collection !!
 CSI and company -LRB- Billy Petersen , George Eads -RRB- do it again in the 3rd season of the Eyeball Network 's hit drama . Starting out with the season 3 opener , Revenge is Best Served Cold , CSI quickly picks up right where season 2 left off . By the end of the season , Gil 's hearing is addressed , more cases are solved and Greg -LRB- Eric Szmanda -RRB- is still trying to win a date with Sara . All in all , this has to be one of the best CSI seasons to date . With episodes like `` Fight Night '' and `` Blood Lust '' how can you go wrong by purchasing this set ? A must for any CSI fan !
 LOVE CSI . great series . highly recommend . gets ya thinking . its really interesting . i love it ! all the episodes are great !
 Love this show.Great acting . Stories all good.DVD set perfect . Just what I wanted.Very well packaged . Good extras for the season .
 this episode shows another side of Grissom he is not in control like he usually is when he is around lady heather she has a way of breaking him down slowly .
 I am working on collecting this series . This was a good deal to add to my growing collection . Am very happy with it .
 `` Whooooo are yo-ou o-ou ? '' The best theme song of any show on TV is topped only by the actual quality of the show . Season 3 picks up just where season 2 left off , and does n't miss a beat in terms of show or acting quality . Every episode of this show has me glued to the screen , and it does n't stop here either -LRB- see season 4 and beyond -RRB- . This show remains one of the top couple shows in the ratings , and has brought about a huge new interest in forensic science . Colleges across the country are starting new criminal science programs or increasing their existing ones . This show is not only incredibly interesting , but is also making an actual difference in the world . There are few shoes on TV today that can say that.William Petersen 's acting is simply brilliant as Gil Grissim , and with marvolous support from actors and actresses like Marg Helgenberger -LRB- Catherine Willows -RRB- , George Eads -LRB- Nick Stokes -RRB- , Gary Dourdan -LRB- Warrick Brown -RRB- , Jorja Fox -LRB- Sara Sidle -RRB- , Paul Guilfoyle -LRB- Captain Jim Brass -RRB- , and Eric Szmanda -LRB- Greg Sanders -RRB- , the show ca n't -LRB- and does n't in any way -RRB- miss . Do yourself a huge favor and pick it up today . It 's a little pricey , but it 's really worth every cent .
 I was absolutely , hopelessly hooked on CSI from the first time I watched it . I started with Season 1 -LRB- never saw it on t.v. , just started watching the DVDs -RRB- and am now on Season Three . This has to be one of the best cast shows out there -- the chemistry between the CSIs is amazing , the story lines are fresh , and it has quickly become my favorite drama -LRB- with 24 being a VERY close second -RRB- . Only one thing about the other reviews -- yes , Nick 's character is gorgeous , but how about that Warrick ? He 's not what you might think of as movie star gorgeous , but there is something about him that is just absolutely amazing -- nice face , body -- everything . Grissom is also attractive because he 's so intelligent and seems to know something about everything . Sara has a great voice , and well I could say something great about all of the character 's physical qualities , but the most important thing is that the show is captivating , innovative , and fresh . Season after season , you 're drawn into each and every story line . I love CSI and hope it stays on the air for another 10 years !
 After becoming addictive to the CSI series , I just ca n't seemto get enough . So I purchased the third complete series to geton with the excitement and I could n't stop.Each episode is such a unique story , with twisted human emotionsand perceptions of the truth and the real truth . And how the human mindis so animalistic . This season only had one returning character , but made itworth while to get more insight of the character of Gil Crissom . And WarrickBrown returns to his oldneighborhood to give you a perspective of his past.All in all , if you 're into CSI
 I got introduced to CSI this year and have been addicted ever since . It is a great show . Great characters and great cases that all you need to have a great show . The mysteries are so well put together and thought out . Buy this box set and in the future , you will be buying others .
 This season of CSI is great . Amazing episodes . This is the first DVD set of a series that I have purchased and it was very worthwhile . I ca n't wait to get season 4 on DVD . Season 3 and 4 are the best seasons of CSI yet .
 Every new chapter is interesting enough to worth seeing it , the cast and stories are creative and keeps you glued to the TV for hours .
 CSI is often intense and chilling . The scenes showing the laboratory work are fascinating . I scouted around on Paramount 's web site to see what information they might have about the CSI 3rd season set . Here is what I found : = > 23 Uncut episodes = > over five hours of special features.Audio commentary with cast and crew on Episodes : `` Revenge Is Best Served Cold '' `` The Accused Is Entitled '' `` Fight Night '' `` Snuff '' `` Random Acts of Violence '' `` Lady Heather 's Box `` 5 Exclusive Featurettes : The CSI Tour
 I pretty much do not watch tv anymore with the exception of childrens shows with my 4 year old -LRB- I like to make sure what he is watching -RRB- and occasionally news with my husband . I was thrilled when a friend let be borrow the first season DVD set of CSI and I immdeiatly started hunting them down.I enjoyed the third season as much at the first two . I loved the ending which left you wondering about how Grissom 's surgery would turn out and if Sara and Grissom would get together or not.What I also appreciate is the fact that while they give us intresting tastes of the lives of the CSI personel the do not let it get in the way of the mysteries . I used to watch `` Judging Amy '' but after a while it switched from being about cases to being about Amy 's crazy family life and in my oppinion just another soap opera . I appreciate that the CSI people have kept a good focus on the mystery part of the show .
 Being an extreme CSI fan , I could n't pass up the chance to buy season 3 to add to my growing collection . I saw probably a little more than half the season and it was just as good as the other two seasons and I wanted to see all that I missed . The plot with Grissom 's hearing problem kept you watching to see how he handled it and what would happen . Once again , there 's 23 episodes on 6 disks . The episodes are as follows
 Having watched this series from the pilot episode , I 've not missed one episode . I have them all on videotape , and now that they 've been released on DVD , all the better ! I have all 3 seasons , and ca n't wait until season 4 is released . This is a fantastic show with realistic crime scene depictions , often taken off the front pages of today 's newspapers . The twists and turns make it fun to try to solve the crime before it shows you at the end , and some cases I find truly baffling ! The tools are real , and I 've gotten to the point I have a deep interest in forensic science . I 've even thought of going back to school for it because of this TV SHOW ! I think this is my favorite show EVER . . even above ER , Third Watch , and Crossing Jordan ! If you have n't seen it yet , you 're missing something truly unique ! Furthermore , I like the original CSI in the Las Vegas setting , and do n't much care for the spinoff of CSI
 As a huge C.S.I. fan , I can not objectively rate this . I love C.S.I. , and own the other two seasons . I just spent the weekend watching this -LRB- Yes I know I need a life !
 By the third season of any popular series , it 's not unusual for creative plot ideas to slow down , the acting to become stagnant , and the show to generally weaken . Not so with CBS 's runaway smash hit `` CSI
 Having absorbed the third season , it 's amazing how this series continues to grow both dramatically and technically . In this season , apart from the usual puzzling crime scenes , the stars of the show find themselves in varying crises
 Between CSI Miami and this , the original series , I think that this series wins hands down . I remember first seeing Petersen -LRB- Gil Grissom -RRB- in Manhunter -LRB- the first movie based on Thomas Harris ' book the Red Dragon and the perfect movie adaptation of that book -RRB- when he was quite a bit younger and thinner but it is not his leading man qualities that make him so appealing.The writers/producers/directors of this series manage to recreate some of the things that make British crime dramas so fascinating -- they 1 -RRB- do n't pull away from the dark to contrive a happy ending ; 2 -RRB- they do n't hesitate to portray the lead characters as vulnerable and `` strange '' ; and 3 -RRB- they look for really great faces , not conventionably pretty or ugly actor , for the parts.Sure , it 's science fantasy in the sense that things do n't happen in real life the way they happen in the CSI lab , and it 's not great art , but its a great way to pass time .
 I am a huge CSI fan . If you 've never watched it , first of all , say hi to everyone on Mars for me . . other than that , order your copy today . Have no doubts . There is no way you can be wrong about buying this DVD . Besides one small problem.In a show , where one of the lead characters is having a hearing problem , how come there are no subtitles recorded ? It 's the down side of it all , that kind of takes the fun away when big latin words start flying around.As I said , do not hesitate . Just order .
 CSI is a show that people either seem to love or hate - I personally think it is great TV . This DVD set is made even better by using wide screen - enhanced for 16/9 TV . Credit should be given to CBS for releasing the 3rd year -LRB- last year 's season -RRB- so soon . This show definitely ranks with other `` cop '' shows like Law & Order and Homicide , Life on the Street . All 23 episodes are here . The only question now is when can we expect CSI Miami and a release of the first two seasons in this enhanced 16/9 mode
 Nick reminds Sara to comply with Grissom 's directives . This show is best when it shows teamwork and challenges related to working under stress . Loved this series .
 was received faster than expected with package undamaged and in great shape . . was so happy it got here in time to give as a christmas gift . . will buy from again
 This program is one of my favorites , that is , of course , until William Peterson left ...
 I ordered the CSI series for my daughter for Christmas , now I ca n't watch anything else on TV because she ALWAYS has those on . Apparently they were a great gift !!
 This was a very nice set of DVD 'D . They run like a dream.Thanks to you I can see my show the way I like.Dottie
 Love CSI But I did n't want to pay a fortune for it . theses prices were great . I was happy with my items and will use this company again and again .
 I LOVE CSI and all the seasons . Mostly the ones with william peterson though . not sure about the new ones yet .
 The DVD arrived quickly and exactly as advertised . Plus , the pricing was better than retail . Thanks !
 The CSI you 've come to know and love . If you like CSI then this is for .
 it was good . one of the dvd 's glitched after a while of playing . the screen froze and would n't play . the dvd 's were dirty . i cleaned them up and seemed to work fine . so overall it was ok .
 Its hard to say which season I like the best so far all the seasons are the best.Its just really hard to eat lunch or dinner while watching these kinds of shows.ha ha I wish they had more shows like these out there than the stupid reality shows.TV isnt what it used to be .
 Many episodes not previously seen on re-run or live . The set appears to have never been opened and for the price , was a bargain .
 I am very happy with the dvd movie that I received and the time that it was shipped to me .
 I love this series , and I have started making a full collection of all the SCI adventures . each series is so adventurous and exciting to watch
 If you like extras then this is for you . I like them so much I ended up passing this DVD set -LRB- along with a couple others -RRB- to my Aunt and I got the entire 10 season set as well as planning on getting season 11 , 12 and anymore that might come out .
 Season 3 of CSI was , in my opinion , the last really good season of the show . All the other seasons seemed to go totally down hill after that . I pretty much stopped watching the show after season , but I had to own the first 3 awesome seasons of the show . I was upset when they made Greg a CSI and when they killed off Warrick . The show just was n't the same after those two events .
 Ive fallen in love with this series and ca n't wait to watch the next season !!
 DVD boxed set of CSI season 3 , very high quality video for a DVD . Hardly notice the difference when playing back on a HDTV . 5.1 surround sound does not really work well for a TV series , sometimes the dialogs are softer than the background or effects making the story quite hard to understand , especially when there is no subtitles to go along .
 The Third Season of CSI continues the quality marked by the first and second season . As many have mentioned , the third season continues its in depth focus on crime scene forensics -- including acquisition and anlaysis of evidence -- and also focuses on the personal characteristics of the CSIs . The third season focuses on Ward comes to grips with a former ex-gang member he went to school with ; Grissom meets Lady Heather again , deals with losing hearing ; Sarah learns that guys use her ; ... This is a fantastic show . There 's really nothing like it .
 The title tells all I think this was the best series so far.really enjoyed the 90min special ` lady heathers box ` Ca n't wait for season 4bring it on
 Ignore the spinoffs and immerse yourself in the best crime drama on DVD , CSI
 Hi , As in the other two series of CSI ,1 wish there was subtitles as well , since we bought the first two that way I didnot even check if this one had or not ... unfortunately the terms used in this movie is only clerly understood when you read ... I didnot enjoy this one as I enjoyed the first two
 I have bought the DVD Season I and II and have watched them both . It is great to have Season III to look forward to . Since there is no statutory holiday between January 1 and Easter , March 30 is the Official CSI Season III DVD Launch Party ! I recommend investing you money , these are worth every penny . Only 70 more days .
 The show still twists , turns and packs a good punch ! Other reviews cover the pros . However , adding re-runs to fill up the disc space so they could say that there are 23 episodes is a cheep shot . For this I have to deduct points ! I am only to disc 5 , but I have counted at least 4 episodes from the previous two seasons
 Okay , this season of CSI may not be out yet and all , but being the CSI addict and all ... I can say a few things . One , The Accused is Entitled , is a great episode . One of the best during the season . Two , Play with Fire , is the second best . -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- Maybe even the best episode , although , poor Greg ! Anyway , season three is probably the 2nd best , -LRB- the second season is by far the best , the 1st season , they were just starting the show , so it 's okay ! But so far , the 4th season sucks ... -RRB- Anyway , i highly recommend the 3rd season ...
 CSI is just one fine TV series , though it can go from engrossing the viewer to grossing the viewer out with some of its all-too-ugly scenarios . Yeah , but it 's realism , they say.Another ` but ' and a big one
 This video was totally AWESOME . The tape ran perfectly , and the case - while a little worn - was in better condition than I would have expected for a used product , and as a huge Nelson fan I loved watching the feature .
 This was an Akira Kurosawa screenplay that was filmed by another director after the late director 's passing.Brilliant film , even though he did n't direct it.It is a must see if you are a Kurosawa fan . It is a calm and contemplative film , full of insight about life . Your life will be enriched after seeing this film , and it may give you a whole new pespective on life.It 's simple plot with themes of honesty and kindness delivers a powerful experience - when you see it you will want to recommend it to everyone you know.It really is THAT GOOD !!!!
 It brings back great memories of his concert , and is just like being there . It is also a GREAT work out tape . It gives you lots of energy ! I watch it everyday ! Love this video .
 A great DVD of a great singer . A must to every real fan around the world , especially the part with Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano - 3 great performers , different ages but so perfect together . AMAZING !
 I had the honor of being there and it was the happiest day of my life !! The video is beautiful and it expresses everything he wanted to say about himself and our beautiful island ! Lucy
 What a fantastic performer - a great singer , dancer , and easy on the eyes ... this is one DVD you will enjoy watching over and over again .
 I 've owned this DVD -LRB- and video ! -RRB- for over a year and I still never get tired of it . Not only that , put this one one when you 're tired and I promise you a quick surge of enegy . You may even shake your bon-bon ! I think this is one of the best TV specials I 've ever seen and it gives only a taste of what Ricky is like in concert . -LRB- In his live performances , the enthusiastic sound of his audience is also uplifting . -RRB- The DVD has the addition of Ricky 's video `` Shake Your Bon Bon '' which is really nice . Buy this , but be warned
 I love this DVD . I lost my first one and then I bought it twice , one for me and other for a friend.I strongelly recommended
 I remember watching this on TV and taped it them . Somewhere along the way I lost the tape and finally found it on here . It is a FANTASTIC show !!! A must have for anyone ... no caveats , just anyone who likes music !
 Wonderful Concert outdoors in front of twin towersGorgeous dancing by Ricky & dancers WOO HOOReally enertaining ! Wonderful sound & singingBeautiful Ricky Martin keepsake
 What can I say ? Wow ... this DVD is stunning ! I picked this up at the video store because I like Ricky 's music . Being a video freak I then started to take it back because I later discovered that it 's not widescreen . I 'm really glad that I did n't . I saw this live on my old television set , but since my new HDTV and 5.1 Surround Sound purchase , I wanted to view it on DVD . The quality of the video and audio is outstanding , and it really gives you the feeling that you are on the front row of a live concert in New York City.The background for this concert is the New York City Skyline with the Twin Towers in all their glory . Time of day changes with the beginning songs in full daylight and continuing as the sun sets and the skyline becomes beautifully lighted . There 's a couple of songs with legends Jose ' Feliciano and Carlos Santana and Ricky sings all of his upbeat easy to dance to latin hits . But my personal favorite is his love ballad , `` She 's all I Ever Had '' . It ends up with a fireworks display out in the harbor but the real fireworks happen on stage . He 's one of very few singers who can actually dance as well as sing . And even though my last name is Martin , I 'm not related to Ricky in any way -LRB- wish I were -RRB- . So if you like his music buy this one . You wo n't regret it .
 Originally I had seen this on TV . I now own the DVD . It is about 45 minutes long and it is very lively . Let 's face it , Ricky Martin is not the best singer out there but he is the most entertaining dancer I have ever seen.I absolutely love this DVD . It is also sort of nice that it is less than one hour . I can always manage to squeeze in an hour of viewing just about any time of the week .
 Ricky Martin is the best do n't ... Ricky has a great voice and his songs are very well written . And he 's very handsome too !
 I was personally there at the Live taping of the concert and the video is just as spectacular as the taping , especially when they showed the part where he sang , `` Woke up in New York City '' . You could n't see the effect until you saw the Special on TV or the video . This is definitely a Ricky Martin Fan must have item .
 If you 're as unfortunate as I am to not have seen Ricky Martin live in concert before your own eyes , then this is the next best thing ! It really shows how talented Ricky is , to all you non-believers
 I just want to say that the dvd I watched was incredible . i mean it is kind of impossible to use an adjective to describe how fantastiv it was to me.The quality was perfect -LRB- Audio/Video -RRB- . But really short I expected more time . But well the real perfume comes in small bottles ! so to sum it up if you are a real fan you must get it now . by watching it you will dance , sing and feel as if you were in the best seat in front of the concert ! , yeah , believe i am the biggest fan of ricky in lima , peru i have all the three dvd 's of ricky martin `` the ricky martin video collection '' , `` one night only '' , and ... `` it 's a crazy life '' all these videos were bought from amazon .
 I received this video as a gift but I had wanted it for a long time . I purchased his video collection and that was great . This video shows how good he is in concert and just how cute he really is ! His performance is great and it shows how great his stage presence is . I only wish I could have been there in person . The behind-the-scenes footage and where he personally talks is also great to see ! Buy this if you really love Ricky Martin !
 Recently I 've got three music DVDs of Mariah Carey / # 1 's , George Michael/Greatest Hits Collection and this , which definitely IS the best . The show was so well prepared and exciting that I could watch this three times a day . I can say I was totally mesmerized by the Latin pop . Ricky did a great performance with his unique and wonderful dancing and of course his lovely BIG smile . The special minutes with Jose Feliciano and Santana was a sweet moment also . His explanation about his country and earlier career with rare footage was impressive . I think this must be even better than the previously released DVD -LRB- `` Video Collection '' -RRB- . The video/audio quality is great . One disappointment is that the running time is too short -LRB- only 45min -RRB- . So I want more of Ricky Martin . Ricky , I want your concerts in Korea !
 Wow the whole show was entertaining . It felt like you were in heaven just dancing to the beats along with Ricky , the dancers and the band . The whole concert was great and really entertaining , it felt so much like Carnivale .
 Despite the thousands attending the concert Ricky seems to have a personal bond with each person in the audience . That comes through on the video also . You feel like you are seated in the best seat watching this spectacular show . And spectacular it is ! With bungee jumpers , fabulous dancers and backup singers and unbelievable musicians Ricky puts out a first class production
 For all you Ricky Martin fans , this is the best recorded concert I have seen ! It does n't make you feel bored , not even once !! Ricky dances and sings like a god ! Before he starts singing a song he 'll talk to the audience about it or make a comment on something and keep you very interested ! Then , he walks the streets of Old San Juan in Puerto Rico and talks to you about puertorrican culture and our famous `` piraguas '' -LRB- yummy !! -RRB- . He also sings traditional songs from Puerto Rico with children in his lap !! It is the best and to top it off , Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano join him on stage ! = -RRB-
 IT WAS EXCELLENT . VERY HOT ! HOT ! HOT ! IT BROUGHT BACK MANY MEMORIES OF THE CONCERT I SAW IN NOVEMBER ' 99 .
 Yes believe me ! , who 's talking is the biggest fan of Ricky Martn in Lima Peru . this video will take you to the best seat in the concert and you 'll have the of Ricky in front of you !
 This is one of the best movies on organized crime available . It is along the lines of `` Goodfellas '' and `` Donnie Brasco '' although it takes place at a much earlier time in history . It is gritty and factual although artistic license is expected . The movie focuses on Joe Valachi who was the first of the Mafia informants and set the stage for others to follow . The movie gives explicit and factual information on the history of the American Mafia from the original `` bosses '' through the making of the syndicate on through the Vito Genovese regime . It is a must see for anyone interested in the history of organized crime from its very beginning on to the beginning of their decline .
 THE VALACHI PAPERS -LRB- 1972 -RRB- with the well known star , the late CHARLESBRONSON , will interest those viewers with a passing curiosity oncrime phenomena , as well as fans of that actor and those interestedin the historical undercurrents of America , in matters of theperpetual cat-and-mouse game of those operating within the legalframework , with large sums of money at stake from commercialoperations , being the cops and robbers.The picture is long in playing time.The final product shows high filming quality , with unusual clarityof the dialogs and script , a logical flow in which the storyunfolds -LRB- easy to understand . -RRB- This movie is also not for everyone , or for the casual viewer , considering the often vicious , homicidal behavior of the individualsparticipating in the gang activities -LRB- pistol shootouts , rub outs , etc. -RRB- It also shows the paradox of 1st and 2nd generation Italians inAmerica , struggling for supreme power and financial controlsover various revenue generating rackets -LRB- protection , alcohol , commodities , etc. -RRB- in their own ethnic group , while remainingproud of their cultural and other heritage.The music is tastefully chosen , and the director indeed was capableand brave enough to show some more private , realistic and humanisticmoments by the gang members , which tends to underline thebiographical , and true nature of the story told within , vs. thefantasy tales , and robotic nonsensical behavior too often seen inmovies released post 1990 's . There is an admirable effort in portraying scenes at the turn of thecentury , and the decades following WWII , with proper automobiles , street scenes , clothes worn by the gangsters.Overall , this picture is a genuine effort in telling the story of amob family from the perspective of a low-level member who managed tolive to tell his story to the world .
 The Valachi Papers was shot at a time when common wisdom had it that gangster pictures were box-office poison , so the very American tale of Charles Bronson 's Cosa Nostra soldier spilling the beans on his life in the mob in return for protection by the Feds ended up being shot at Dinocitta in Italy with French money and an English director -LRB- Terence Young , reunited with Dr No villains Joseph Wiseman - wonderfully hammy here - and Anthony Dawson -RRB- only to end up being discounted as a Godfather ripoff when Coppola 's film became a surprise huge hit . Based on Joe Valachi 's Grand Jury testimony that lifted the veil on the way the mob worked and was organized after years of denial of its very existence by J. Edgar Hoover , it 's a well-crafted and enjoyable saga with none of the operatic grandeur that Coppola , Leone and De Palma would bring to the genre . There 's not much in the way of historical or social context , more a catalog of greatest hits and internecine feuding , but it 's done with some flair and is surprisingly entertaining . Bronson makes a good lead , with decent support from Walter Chiari and Lino Ventura , both surprisingly well dubbed . Unfortunately the dire Mrs Bronson , Jill Ireland , is along too , but she 's not in it enough to do any damage .
 This movie is based on facts revealed by mob turncoat , Joseph Valachi , in 1963 , and published as a book by Peter Maas -LRB- The Valachi Papers , same title as the movie -RRB- . Although the movie is based on Valachi 's story , at least one scene never took place in real life -LRB- otherwise it would 've been mentioned in the book because it 's so spectacular -RRB- . That 's the scene where Valachi 's friend , ` the Gap ' -LRB- real name , Dominick Petrilli -RRB- , gets his penis cut off in Valachi 's restaurant by mobsters and afterward asks Valachi to shoot him , which he does . Maybe the movie people thought they needed a scene like the horse head scene in ` The Godfather ' . Too bad , because the rest of Valachi 's story is true and inventing fictional scenes only compromises the authenticity of the story.It 's a very good movie and it follows the book closely , but it could have been a great movie had they had a bigger budget and some famous actors to fill out the parts . That said , some of the actors did a great job , such as Joseph Wiseman -LRB- Salvatore Maranzano -RRB- and the guy who plays Valachi 's sidekick , the Gap . Charles Bronson acts very well too , of course.If you like mob movies based on real life stories like ` Donnie Brasco ' , ` Goodfellers ' , ` Casino ' etc.etc. , then this movie is for you.If you liked the movie , you should read the book too ! It 's one of those books you ca n't put down before you have read all of it . You can buy it here on Amazon and it 's fairly cheap .
 This is an excellent movie I saw when it came out and again 35 years later.It 's amazeing how close to the facts they made this flick.In my memory the special effects were better , lol , but the story is good.the special effects are on a par with the Gunsmoke series.I give it a A + for story content and a B for the Acting , and another B for the effects , because they were state of the art . Good movie if you want to see a REAL-LIFE MAFIA STORY .
 this is one of bronson 's best movies . I saw this many years ago and was glad to find it on DVD . If you do n't like the movies about the 30 's then you probably wo n't like this . . but give it a chance . . It follows Valachi 's life in the mob and how he managed to out live the hit placed on him . .
 I purchased this movie for my daddy . He was having a difficult time finding this movie in local `` shops . '' In the past , I have found that Amazon has been my go-to search engine for like scenarios , and lo and behold ; FOUND IT ! I have not viewed the movie personally , but my daddy is ecstatic ! If he 's happy , then I am too ! Fast and reliable delivery as always !
 This item was banned of circulation for many years in VHS format . It was a very hard to get . Fortunately due to the marvels of DVD it is again on circulation . As a movie collector I am I am very glad of seing again Charles Bronson acting with his wife , beautiful Jill Ireland , that at the time of the movie production -LRB- 1972 -RRB- has been suffering a severe illness that finally cut short her life a few years later . If you like Mafia , mobsters movies , this is a good item for you to buy . It tells chronologically a resumee of the life of JOSEPH VALACHI , the guy who opened the secrets of the COSA NOSTRA to the public on the 60 's decade . Supposedly it is based on the BOOK THE VALACHI PAPERS by PETER MAAS , but - for good - there are some differences from the book in the movie that makes it more interesting due to the interpretation of DIRECTOR ROGER CORMAN -LRB- Also , Director of St. Valentine 's Day Massacre , 1967 , and many others -RRB-
 it is a good movie based on a true story and tells a true life and the way it is
 I have been looking for this movie for quite awhile . Finally decided to buy and am very happy . Perfect condition and arrived within delivery date stated.Satisfied customer , would order more in the future from this seller . No hesitation .
 I remember watching this in my 20 ; s and loving it for its authentic acting and grittiness . For many years this was a hard to obtain title , but thankfully its out on DVD . Before Stallone , Arnold , and Bruce Willis , there was Charles Bronson and he gives his usual understated but tough performance as the mafia ; s first soldier to break the code of Omerta . Loosely based on Peter Maas bestseller , The Valachi Papers , the movie depicts how Joe Valachi became made , -LRB- inducted into the Mafia -RRB- -LSB- Valachi was the first Mafiaso to describe the swearing in ritual -RSB- his rise as a soldier within the Genovese Crime Family , and the actions that compelled him to betray the crime family of which he was a loyal member . For anyone who likes a good Mob-related movie , this one is for you .
 One must view this movie and then try to forget about the violence it depicts . A very good , well acted movie . Charles Bronson always delivers a great performance .
 ONE OF BRONSONS BEST . I AM GLAD THAT THEY FINALLY RELEASED IT ON DVD . GREAT MOVIE
 Great movie . Although , I purchased this movie as a gift for my husband , I really enjoyed it . Bronson , as usual , delivers great performance .
 CHARLES BRONSON ONE OF MY PERSONAL FAVOURITES FOR MANY YEARS AND SADLY NO LONGER WITH US STARS IN THIS DRAMATIC MOVIE FROM THE 70S . IT CHARTS THE RISE OF JOE VALACHI FROM HUMBLE BEGINNINGS AS A CHAUFFEUR IN THE ITALIAN MAFIA TO BECOMING AN INFORMANT TO THE F.B.I. ON THE SHADY OPERATIONS WITHIN THE MAFIA.THE PRISON HE BECOMES INCARCERATED IN TOWARDS THE END OF HIS LIFE AGREES TO LESSEN HIS SENTENCE FOR THE DETAILS OF HOW THE MAFIA CONDUCTED THEIR OPERATIONS.THIS IS BRONSON AT HIS BEST DISPLAYING VIOLENCE AND A TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT ATTITUDE-HE IS WELL SUITED TO THIS TYPE OF ROLE AS A CHARACTER WHO OPERATES OUTSIDE THE LAW SIMILAR TO THE PART HE PLAYS IN THE MECHANIC.SO A MUST SEE MOVIE AND THIS REGION 1 PRINT IS EXCELLENT WITH GOOD SOUND AND A MUCH BETTER PROPOSITION THAN THE CLOUDY PRINT ON A FORMER H.M.V.DISC WHICH I RETURNED AS UNSUITABLE.IT WAS MORE THAN LIKELY TAKEN FROM A V.H.S.TAPE!NO PROBLEMS WITH THE REGION 1 D.V.D.INCIDENTALLY BRONSON STRUGGLED FOR MANY YEARS TO GAIN RECOGNITION IN THE U.S.A. . AS AN ACTOR AND FROM READING HIS BIOGRAPHY HE WAS DEFINITELY HIGHLY RESPECTED ALL OVER EUROPE AND REGARDED AS A CO-OPERATIVE ACTOR BY ALL THE DIRECTORS HE WORKED WITH.HIS PRESENCE ON THE CONTINENT IN FILMS EARNED HIM MORE MONEY THAN IN THE STATES FOR MANY YEARS WHICH IS IRONIC.WHY DOES IT TAKE SOME ACTORS SO MANY YEARS TO BECOME RECOGNISED IN THEIR HOMELAND ? THE SAME THING HAPPENED TO CLINT EASTWOOD-HE HAD TO ACT WITH ITALIAN DIRECTOR SERGIO LEONE TO BECOME KNOWN IN THE STATES .
 I remembered seeing this with my Grandfater and Dad in the theater when I was a teenager and the mover is still graphic . It is dubbed to english since I assumed it was filmed in Italy similar to the Spagetti Westerns of Clint Eastwood . Great addition to my mobster movies at home
 The Fraggles are great ! My generation grew up watching the Fraggles , Doozers , and Gorgs . And who can forget Madame Trashheap ? I recently gave this video to a friend for his college graduation . He took it with him to graduate school to relax . There 's a Fraggle for every personality , and those of us who remember them fondly all have our own personal favorite . May Gobo , Mokey , Wembley , Boober , and Red live many long years into the future . END
 I have watched this film thousands of times and I love the characters . Red and Gobo really keep themselves calm . I enjoy Wimbley . He is the ultimate star in this film . I say Watch It .
 Recently , I was clearing my parents house out and found a box of old toys , including a bunch of Fraggle dolls that I had as a kid . When I mentioned this to my sister , she said she heard that Fraggles were making a comeback with a new movie coming out . Sure enough , when I checked Amazon , the complete series was available . It was such a joy to see this again . This is a great show for kids -LRB- or nostalgic adults -RRB- . The puppetry is great . The show is very musical , but the songs -LRB- by and large -RRB- are n't corny or annoying . Some of them are actually a bit tender . The episodes often deal with themes like prejudice and the environment.That being said , I 'd recommend getting the newerFraggle Rock
 I have been waiting for 6 months after pre-oredering this , to show up at my door step . What the heck is going on here . No other show takes this long to be released on pre-order . What gives ? This is just unacceptable . If someone wants an immoral show like Simpsons or Filth in the city , they get it in a matter of weeks . But if you want good comedy that the whole family can enjoy , you have to wait years and years . Get season 5 and 6 out to us ASAP ! Is that too much to ask !
 I love the BNS and have seasons 1-4 . I used to watch it in the 70 's with Mom and Dad . I think it 's so dear to my heart because my dad favored Bob Newhart . . in both his wit and snappy fashion style . :-RRB- Please release it soon . Thanks !
 * YES * WE THE BOB NEWHART SHOW FAN 'S ARE STILL WAITING FOR FOX VIDEO AND/OR HOWEVER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE RELEASES OF SEASONS 5 & 6 TO BE RELEASED ON DVD ... . MOST OF US HAVE SEASONS 1,2,3 & 4 AND HAVE WATCHED THEM OVER AND OVER TILL WE KNOW THE LINES BETTER THEN THE ACTORS DID ... . REALLY THOUGH , I HOPE TO HEAR OF THESE RELEASES SOON ... . THIS YEAR IF POSSIBLE ??? * PLEASE ??? *
 I pre-ordered this DVD on August 3 , 2011 . It has been over one year and there is still no word from FOX on when , or if ever , the last two seasons of The Bob Newhart Show will be released.Shame on FOX for their shabby treatment of Mr. Bob Newhart , a man who has entertained millions of people for over 50 decades.FOX simply has no respect for the true entertainment legends of our time or today 's consumers.The fact that FOX did not remaster the original films in seasons 1-4 is a disgrace.The big question is why FOX will not sell the license or allow ShoutFactory ! to release the remaining seasons if they believe they will lose money . It must be personal .
 Thanks for finally putting out seasons five and six of the BNS after so many years of waiting . I watched this show growing up in the 70 's because my parents watched it as part of the infamous Saturday night lineup . Some of my favorite episodes arein the last two seasons . Suzanne Pleshette was my favorite ; I liked her so much better than the wife on the Newhart show because she and Bob had so much chemistry together they really seemed to be a couple . It scares me that there is no actual release date at the time I 'm writing this but I 'm hoping that 's temporary : -RRB-
 Like others here , I 'm wondering if the final seasons of one of the most durable , laugh-out-loud sit-coms of all timewill ever be released . I bought Season 1 for a song when Borders went out of business , expecting a series I loved at the time to have dated badly . It had n't . A great cast , with fine , funny writers and performed -LRB- I believe -RRB- before a live audienceI quickly caught up and , like the rest of you , have a feeling that I 've pre-ordereda box-set that , inexplicably , will never be released . When already ? Ever ?
 Yeah , baby ! Seasons 5 and 6 available for pre-order , will do so tonight . All you people that have been posting on the Season 5 entry , here is your chance , get yoru pre-orders in .
 I ca n't believe this is still not available , it has been pre-order only for a LONG , LONG TIME ! Is FOX really this incompetent and unreasonable ?! This is my favorite sitcom from the 1970 's , and it takes place in one of my favorite cities . Is this ever going to be released ? I certainly hope so , as well as all of the Bob Newhart fans who have been eagerly awaiting the release of this season . Even if FOX plans to release this , why would Amazon keep this on their site if the release date is FAR from now ? I hope this comes around soon .
 Why the release of seasons five and six are held up is anybody 's guess , considering some of the crap that gets put out on DVD . C'mon Fox , get with it !
 For all of he Hi Bobs -LRB- take a drink -RRB- waiting for the release of seasons five and six , hang in there . Eventually , your Bob-a-holic glass will be full again . Ca n't wait !
 I love this show ! I ordered seasons 5 and 6 in July of 2011 . Maybe the DVDs will be out in 2013 .
 Could one of the Bob Newhart Show fans tell me what season the episode of Bob Hartley dresses as Zorro for a masquerade party , and ends up on the ledge of of a building is included on?Thank You .
 She lives with her mother . It is an oppressive relationship . They sleep in the same bedroom . The mother is very suspicious of her behaviour ; rummaging for evidence of things sexually illicit.She is a piano teacher ; a strict one and slightly bored . However , she plays beautifully . That is what inspires an already fine young player to seek her tuition , to elevate his skills further . He plays after her superb recital . She feigns indifference . The film proceeds with his pursuit of her tuition skills . What transpires between them becomes electrifying.In one scene , she walks into a sex shop and is ` eyed ' with suspicion by men doing the same thing , as she waits for a viewing kiosk . She enjoys hard-core porn ' . A man who does this is just that but a woman ? Judgements abound ! Why?The film oscillates between these extremes ; exquisite culture and hard-core interests . It is fascinating on both counts.Ian Hunter.Author of ` e-Love ' .
 I was taken aback by Isabelle Huppert 's performance in this film . She plays a pianist instructor named Erika Kohut . Her self mutilation scenes made me cringe . Her mannerisms were so rigid and sharp . I came to wonder how she was able to play music with such finesse . Benot Magimel as Walter Klemmer was excellent . He was just the total opposite of Erika . I 'm not quite sure if it is realistic to have that kind of young man be attracted to such a repressive woman . From the start I could not help but feel that the relationship would fail , as it did . Most will be fooled by the cover of the DVD box . The film is not sensual at all . It is incredibly awkward due to Erika 's inability to express love and affection . This realization of Erika 's unhealthy psychological problems does not doom upon her until Erika goes into a fit of rage . Erika hits her elderly mother as well as attempts to make out with her . Erika is so confused in how to express her feelings . She had been anti-social for a long time . I was n't surprised about her revealed fetishes . I always thought strict instructors had hidden eccentric oddities about themselves . Poor Walter could n't hack it . Erika is impious anyway . I can not believe what Erika did to her poor student . The way in which the opening credits were displayed is creative . Some scenes were rather long , but the music in the background makes for good diversion . `` La Pianiste '' is certainly emotive . My only regret is that I have not read the book before watching the movie .
 What some people might find unusual about the story of The Piano Teacher -LRB- La Pianiste -RRB- is how common it really is . The vast numbers of sexually `` complicated '' people exist within our society and their individual tales are rarely discussed in popular culture . Michael Haneke steps foward boldly to correct this problem . Isabelle Huppert 's Erika is an exceptionally talented artist and her needs are specific and frightening to those who do not understand the context of her nearly 50 years of life . How can anyone understand anyone sexually ? It takes years to understand another individual , and the tragedy of The Piano Teacher is that the character Walter gives up on Erika before development can occur . Frightened people do this in the `` dating '' world everyday . I personally thank Michael Haneke and Elfriede Jelinek for this inspiring story every time I come home from another failed attempt at romance . It keeps me going .
 Haneke captains another efficacious look into the human psyche with this compelling drama . His vessel of choice this time around is Isabelle Huppert and his voyage takes us far out into unchartered waters where most other captains fear to sail . Haneke leaves port and allows the passengers to gain understanding and appreciation for his vessel . She is small yet highly respected amongst her peers . Despite being built under assumingly harsh conditions her exterior is tough and she is built for the icy waters she frequents . Once our captain has sufficiently displayed the outer of his vessel and gained our respect , he then takes us below deck for a rare exhibit of the ship 's viscera . What we see is distressing and unpleasant , however Hanke 's ship has sailed and we are now headed for turbulent waters.Huppert gives a brilliant performance as the piano teacher . She beautifully executes both the character 's controlled exterior as well as her hauntingly troublesome interior . Haneke 's direction is focused and he delivers an unyielding character study that 's potent and believable . This voyage is not for the weak of heart . Many will find the subject matter disturbing , and rightfully so , but it would be difficult to deny this masterfully created film the merit it deserves . I almost rated this film five stars instead of four , but I have difficultly giving the highest marks to a film I never plan to see a second time .
 Nobel or no , it surprised me Jelinek 's novel got made into a movie . There is of course a filmable plot to the book , but its blunt narrative is so stylized , almost childish in its urgent impetus , and hounded all throughout with a foreboding sense of reader-voyeurism , that it seemed to me totally unfilmable or at least very difficult to reproduce on film.And then I thought - of course , Haneke . The master of cool intellectual voyeurism , done in a visually often flat but -LRB- for the viewer -RRB- psychologically harrowing way . Plus , Huppert , the master of sangfroid surrender . It could not be any more perfect . Who else but these two to translate onto film the strange , disinterested yet intense tone of the book ?! Yet , curiously , the result is surprisingly a lot less like either Jelinek or Haneke.For one thing , I 've never seen his camera as romantic as it is here . It 's almost lyric , and although unblinking in its gaze on Erika , it also clearly pities her . It shows her depravity , but it * sees * her as ill . I found myself wondering why Haneke did this . He could not have failed to see the book has far less pity than a slight contempt in its clinical scrutiny . Nor could it quite have been the usual ` movie ' reason of having to make its main character sympathetic enough to stay with -- at least not for the director of movies like ` The Seventh Continent . ` These are n't complaints . I have no complaints against this movie . But it should be said that even if Haneke is n't interested in a transparent novel-to-film transfer , it 's not as obvious in its being a ` Haneke ' film -LRB- again , not a complaint -RRB- . Actually , I think the movie is all Huppert 's . She 's devastating and devastated and completely searing .
 The first time I ever saw this movie I sat with my jaw dropped throughout the entire movie . Then I continued to watch the same chanel on t.v. for weeks just trying to figure out the name of the movie.This is a portrayal of love in it 's rawest most human form . It is completely blind . Even to itself . The storyline is absolutely breath taking and immediatly grabbed at my chest . It is without a doubt the sickest love story I have ever seen . It is amazing to see an emotion portayed so realisticly . I will never tire of this movie .
 Beautiful music , excellent actors , funny -LRB- pesty mother scenes -RRB- , gut-wrenching -LRB- hands in broken glass -RRB- , sick main character , make for an artwork of a movie .
 I entirely agree with the previous reviewers . The actors and actresses are of the best choice . The characters are so well portrayed and the settings are so well depicted . The overall effects are quite convincing . It 's defintely shocking and at least commercially this film is a success.The choice of Schubert 's music at least serves two points . First , Schubert 's music is one of the saddest in the history of music , it 's the music of the loniest pilgrim . Second , contrary to Beethoven 's music , which is so clear and straight forward , the change of moods in Schubert 's music is so sudden and so abundant and that it is often difficult to follow , so are the turns and twists in this story.A general survey of the life of the pianists would making this story more convincing . An American critized Kissin for knowing nothing but playing on the piano from day to night all his life ; Glenn gould shut himself up in front of the piano since or before his pre-teens ; Allica de Larrocha 's mother begged her daughter to `` live her life '' -LRB- Allica 's word -RRB- , instead of sacrifying it to the piano ; MargaretArgerich 's `` fiance '' -LRB- Margaret 's own word -RRB- was the piano ... The life of a musician destined to become a concert pianist could be very lonely -LRB- and boring -RRB- to the point of abnormality unless you really love it , or unless you can balance it with sufficient chamber music or the like . Yet , competition is so keen that 99 concert pianists out of a hundred would advise against a cereer of a concert pianist unless he is exceptionally talented.Obviously the heroine here , despite her sacrifice , did n't make it as a concert pianist . Her mother , so possessive and dominating , openly urged her to earn more money in order to buy a flat . Furthermore , the family has a history of mental problem ; and her mother sharing the bed with her even when she was forty something ... Needless to say , this case is by no means a norm yet it is not at all unconvincing.What is controversial though is the deliberate distortion of the sound of all music , be it 's piano or vocal music , so that there is NO MUSIC LEFT AT ALL . Perhaps this serves the main theme of the story better , delivering a greater impact upon the audience . And yet on the other hand , one also wonders if that is really necessary , whether a mix of bitteress & sweetness would be more impressing .
 It 's been nearly a year since I saw ` The Piano Teacher ' , but I still have the images in my mind , still sharp , still intense , still somewhat disturbing . But , I like it that way . Heineke 's film , is definitely one of the biggest rises in French film industry . And I agree with the other reviewers , that the film 's unknownness is directly related to its unconventional tension , which literally made me scratch my seat in the theater.The film focuses on Isabelle Huppert 's sexual and social psychosis , and her isolation from the rest of the society . During the course of the movie , Huppert goes through a couple of sexual explosions , which are not at a pleasing nor satisfying level at all , but rather resulting in discontent and hatred among her and her partner , who is the student she gives piano lessons to . This after-scene suffices for you to feel odd . Her sexual inmaturity , gives rise to her weird behavior during daily life . Her seclusion of her own mother , that precedes her real harrassment of her , is a good example of this idea.This film involves severe tension , sexual and social violence . Beware of this fact before you purchase the film . It 's a brilliant film , but for some people . Some may not like the content . Great production by Heineke , great acting by Isabelle Hupport !
 ... I considered Chapter 5 to be very important . This is the kind of movie that has to be viewed in its entirety , from beginning to end without interruption . I am not especially fund of dark stories , of sadomasochism . You may want to hold on to something that would make you feel secure and safe while viewing this movie . In a world of dysfunction , the main character , Isabelle Huppert , who plays Erika Kohut is among the top . She is a forty year-old piano professor at the Vienna Conservatory -LRB- incidentally she thinks that none of her pupils are good enough -RRB- . She lives with her mother who worries about her daughter but in actuality is unable to face the fact that her daughter is an adult . Their co-dependency would make you sad . They sleep on the same bed and they even have fistfights ! This dysfunctional relationship makes Erika among other things a voyeur . Erika meets a young man , whom she uses to act on her secret desires . He is sympathetically played by Benoit Magimel . Somewhere along the movie you wish she would listen to this man , but this is not a love story although a lot of ` I love you ' statements are uttered . Even the boyfriend thinks she is sick . It was petrifying to watch a scene where Erika performs an act of self-mutilation . The film never shows the details but the effect is tremendous . This movie drives you on the edge of your seat . It was a relief when it ended , although quite abruptly , so there goes another French movie that will make you think for a long time after the last frame.If you are already a fan of Isabelle Huppert , you will find this extraordinary and remarkable performance indeed worthy of a Best Actress award -LRB- 2001 Cannes Film Festival -RRB- . But if you cringe at the thought of a man hitting a woman but would like to get to know Isabelle Huppert , do not make this be your first movie . Watch something like Entre Nous or wait for Huit Femmes -LRB- 8 femmes , also a 2001 movie -RRB- . The Piano teacher is not yet rated in the US but if ` Elizabeth ' gets an ` R ' , this movie easily deserves it .
 Forget about reading into any meaning that you think this film may offer . The director is known as just a person who likes to mess with your brains . Anyone who has seen his previous works will snap this one up in an instant . Those who enjoy this movie will likely try his other fine beverages for the head.Basically the protagonist , a sexually insane music teacher , is as mad as bag of hammers yet manages to stay somewhat somber in her profession because she fits in with the rest of the snobs , but deep inside she is totally and completely bananas with a surreal sized suppressed sexual appetite to boot . So she walks the music halls with his lemon sucking expression among all the other lemon suckers who are sucking their lemons for very different reasons to hers and for this reason nobody really knows who or what she is like.When a music student falls head over heels in love with her they set out on a voyage of absolute debauchery in every nock and cranny that they can do it in . However his love of her is totally blind to her madness . He perceives her sadomasochism as an extension of her frustration when in fact that it just another major part of her psychosis . As they delve around with each other -LRB- sometimes very violently -RRB- the viewer begins to understand that this is really just a very sick woman who needs treatment fast and yet the world she works in and her lover can not identify it . In fact many viewers will fail to grasp that the main character is crazy until the very last scene which drives the message home like a knife to the heart.This is great art-house cinema and as an insane movie ranks up there with the best of them . Some of the -LSB- -RSB- scenes are very close to X-rated material and certainly many viewers will be put off by that and the heavy amounts of violence that are sometimes on display . In short , this is a great movie about insanity , love and professionalism rolled into one . The characters in this movie are unique and the film is certainly deserving of the acclaim it received.Challenging .
 This movie is unusual from the beginning . I was so transfixed when I first saw it in the theater that I went back three more times . This is unlike you will see from an American studio . The French , it seems , display more bravado when dealing with controversial topics . The story centers around Erika -LRB- played magnificently by Isabelle Huppert -RRB- , a piano teacher still being treated like a 12-year-old by her mother -LRB- Annie Girardot -RRB- . Erika seems to derive all of her satisfaction in life by means of a piano . When a younger man shows interest in her , she at first , rebuffs him . You get the impression that Erika has never been involved in a relationship with a man before . The problem is , the man , Walter , -LRB- also magnificently played by Benoit Magimel -RRB- , does n't know what he 's getting himself into . The object of his desire performs masochistic experiments on herself , even to the point of drawing blood . -LRB- This scene is omitted in the R Rated version . -RRB- After Erika has her student attacked she and Walter proceed to have perhaps , the most unusual sex scene you are ever to see on film . The story unravels with her revelation that she wants him to beat her . The catch , ironically enough , is that she does n't want to be beaten , she wants to be loved . Everything comes to a head at the when Walter beats and rapes her . The apparent moral of this is
 Usually I am not the type who likes dark , indeterminate , artsy movies -- I prefer to be entertained by a good story , quality comedy or satire . Had I read these reviews , I probably would have not chosen to view this film . However , not knowing what to expect , I found this one very engaging , gripping and more than a bit haunting . Increasingly repulsive , yet fascinating on a number of levels . There is less plot than in the visually-stunning `` The Talented Mr. Ripley '' or beautiful muscial `` Sweeney Todd , '' -LRB- both highly recommended -RRB- , but this similarly takes you deeper into the twisted psyche of a monstrous human being -- in this case , a repressed middle-aged , French classical piano teacher . Powerful images stayed with me long after viewing . It 's a well-crafted , superbly-acted film on a very difficult , abstract subject . Highly recommended if you like looking into the darker layers of humanity , society and sexuality , without Hollywood 's mandatory PC crap or in-your-face politicizing . The French may be pains-in-the butt in terms of international relations , but boy can they paint a twisted celluloid portrait . Excellent , but not a first-date movie !
 `` The Piano Teacher '' is the story of Erika Kohut -LRB- a once in a lifetime role , perfectly played by French actress , Isabelle Huppert -RRB- is a renowned piano professor at the Vienna Conservatory , a top-notch prestigious music school in Vienna.Erika , in her early forties and still painfully single , lives and even sleeps in the same bed with her vicious , overprotective and sadistic controlling mother -LRB- played aptly by Annie Girardot , however the part was initially offered to the fabulous Jeanne Moreau -RRB- . Erika is a complex human being to say the least . Besides the fact that she is playing host to a many colored different lifestyle by acting as the `` man of the house '' , Erika is utterly and deeply sexually repressed . When things in Erika 's tiny , cloistered life get too horribly awful for her own self-expression and outpouring of feelings , she resorts to sexual self-mutilation , voyeurism , porn shops , and her own underworld of unspeakable acts on other human beings besides herself.Then ... Erika meets Walter Klemmer -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- , a engineering student-cum-talented pianist who signs on to Erika 's `` Master Class '' that she teaches at conservatory . Walter is struck by the singularly quiet but strong , Erika and he lets his feelings be known . However , Erika `` expresses '' herself in very `` different '' ways such as sexual sado-masochism and writes to Walter all the things that she longs for him to `` do '' to her , all the while , Erika treats Walter like less than a human as she does , most all the people and her own students in her sick , sad and twisted life.The irony of this story is that Erika can only truly express herself and her scant good , beautiful and natural feelings `` a priori '' - in and through her music , but in really no other way . Her sick and twisted thoughts of man overpowering woman , rape , a sexual relationship with her own mother , self-mutilation , and general sadistic behavior overtake her and in the end ... Well , watch and find out for yourself.Really , over and above it all , Erika 's jealousy of other human beings who can and DO express their longings , fears , joys , and disappointments get to her in the end . When Erika is finally able to express her feelings and what it is she THINKS that she wants and desires in her sad half-human , base sort of way , she is rejected and thus the end to the tale is quite a sad one ... This is probably the most sexually charged movie that I have viewed without any of the cast being the least bit naked . There is no quivering frontal flesh in this fabulous film , only frightful , frigid , fruitless feelings that will cut you to the bone ... Careful Viewing Is Required ...
 Well , I finally got the chance to see the movie which won Isabelle Huppert Best Actress at Cannes , the movie which David Lame and his not so merry band of God Botherers tried to stop from being screened in NZ -LRB- without them having seen it -RRB- . Lo , they have turned this movie into a decent sized hit as a result . THE PIANO TEACHER is actually the best SPCS publicized movie I 've seen to date . Brilliantly directed by Michael Heneke , who scripted from Elfiede Jelinek 's novel.Huppert plays Professor Erika Kohut ; a cold , brutal , seemingly prudent piano teacher at a prestious music academy . But behind her icy facade lies an obsession with pornography and sadomasochistic sex . When a gifted young piano student -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- comes under Erika 's tutelage , he does n't play to her impossibly high standards and as a result bears the brunt of her wrath but he soon finds himself falling in love with the professor who just seems to enjoy playing mind games with him . Though unknown to him Erika is gradually losing control under the influence of her domineering mother.THE PIANO TEACHER is exceptionally well photographed with a complex structure and a brilliant perfomance from Huppert -LRB- In fact you easily forget she IS just an actress playing a part -RRB- . There are some rather grim scenes including plenty of S&M ; , a funny drive-in theatre peeing scene and Erika putting broken glass in a girls coat pocket . I 'm not sure if this will get a DVD release in NZ , but it deserves to . THE PIANO TEACHER is a masterwork that commands a wide audience , and it was probably only because of its content that it was overlooked by the Academy . One of the best movies I 've seen recently .
 o.m.g ! this film is absolutely brilliant ! __ the intensity , the actors , music , directing ... MICHAEL HANEKE 's style is a little like a combination of kubrick and gaspar noe.i honestly do n't know if haneke 's adaptation is faithful to Elfriede Jelinek 's novel `` the piano teacher '' . however , this film is so intense , so captivating . . -LRB- and even funny -RRB- ... plot : erika kohut is a middle aged piano teacher of the vienna music conservatory who is still living with her possessif mother.she appears to be normal.however , she is a sadomasochrist.She watches porn while sniffing used condoms , cuts herself with razor blades and . . well . . you get the picture.she 's a sadistic loner . she does not want to be loved , but humiliated and tortured.Walter , is her admirant student.he is fascinated and he adores her.what follows next , is their strange relationship.in short , Humiliation is part of the menu ... i think this film was rated nc17 , but i 'm not sure . . anyway , do not bring any children with you !! some scenes are really extreme ! . . apart from that , on a technical level , this film is perfect.ISABELLE HUPPERT is not acting in this film , she 's living her part.she is incomparable.defenitly the best actress of 2002even the brilliant Naomi watts -LRB- of mulholland drive -RRB- , is no match to huppert.BENOIT MAGIMEL and annie girardot , are also Really , impressive !! there are no false notes.the conclusion of the film is sudden and imprevisible . -LRB- like in every haneke films -RRB- SUGGESTIONS
 This is not an artsy film . It 's not The Red Violin , Amadeus or The Turning Point . It is more an intelligent Fatal Attraction without the sensational violence . The movie explores behavior hidden behind doors
 The boundaries of love and despair have possibly never been granted so desperate a stage as the slowly weakening lines on the ever-beautiful face of Isabelle Huppert in THE PIANO TEACHER.Erika -LRB- Huppert -RRB- is a middle-aged piano teacher who spends her existence vascillating between torturous control over the lives of child geniuses and the smothering watchfulness of an aging , dispassionate mother . However , when a young piano-playing engineer -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- enters her life with his young mind on his lusty attraction , Erika 's life begins to unravel . Trying to maintain control , she continues to seek ways to express her innermost feelings without surrendering to the power of emotion -- having been trapped in an emotionless existence for so long . Eventually , she cracks under the stress of her two worlds colliding , with equal parts psychological danger and the allure of eroticism.Two haunting performances -LRB- Huppert and Magimel -RRB- make this story as captivating as it is disturbing . In the end , both characters are forever changed , unable to return to the solace of the world they knew before and unwilling to sacrifice their outer shells for inner peace.Not for the squeamish , THE PIANO TEACHER is highly recommended .
 Elfriede Jelinek was occupied e.g. with Condoleezza Rice . The present American Foreign Minister in her Denver-childhood was pushed by her parents exactly the same way into the role of a classical Pianist , as Elfriede Jelinek in Vienna had to experience this sort of oppression at her own body . In her novel `` The Piano Player '' the winner of the Nobel-prize -LRB- Literature -RRB- brings up for discussion in a satirical , sarcastic , cynical , yes shameless way , which sort of soul-destructive dominance mothers in their four domestic walls can unfold , if they are out-pushed from the public job-career-life -LRB- still generally the superiority is the male preference -RRB- . The mother of Elfiede Jelinek after 1945 led negotiations on reparation payments at Austria with Russia - until male persons -LRB- leaving the prisoner-of-war-camps , returned , recovered -RRB- pushed away female persons from political functions and other jobs . Jelinek converts those experiences in her novel , filled up with certain autobiographic patterns , and there are parallels to the American Condoleezza Rice -LRB- by the way `` Condi '' learned Russian to be able to participate effectively at disarmament negotiations between the USA and the Soviet Union -RRB- . A stylish seeker of word-using Elfriede Jelinek chose the form of the ice-cold satire , maybe the best way , to reach the necessary distance against things , which have hurt a person very deeply . Franz Kafka by the way wrote probably less based in depression and despair than acting out of a control room of a tremendously biting Jewish humor
 DivaHerHighness wonders why everybody is speaking French in a film that takes place in Vienna . I 'll take a stab at it . It 's true that director Michael Haneke is Austrian , but my guess is the best actors in European cinema today are French . Isabelle Huppert is one of the best and she proves it by portraying the complex role of the piano teacher . Watch her commentary that is included with this film , which is in English . She explains that the theme of the movie is that the piano teacher is afraid of being hurt . She wants love but not seduction and thus wants to control the relationship with her student . I would bet that she speaks good German , but would n't you rather hear her speak French?This is my fourth Haneke film
 Isabelle Huppert , plays a fastiduous piano teacher inside the establishments of French high culture and music . As a professional instructor , she is determined to turn students into fine piano players . Nevertheless outside her professional life , she descends into pornography and sexual taboo.In the midst of her exploration of sexuality , a young male student falls in love with her . Why , do n't ask ? I do n't think she has too much personality going for her myself . She constantly suppresses her intimate feelings , while her student devotes his unremitting attention to her.I will spare you the the details . Warning , see this movie without your children .
 Sad in a sick twisted way . Most depressing ? maybe . The story is about an uptight sexually repressed piano teacher who lives with her old mother . Also the students she teaches . She has a gift for music and comes off as very intelligent yet emotionless . One of her younger students falls in love with her , attempts to seduce her and she keeps trying to control him and use him for her warped version of love . I still cant tell if she really loved him or not . It seems the only time she feels anything is when shes inflicting pain on herself or pain on others , even the student who loves her.She makes him do certain things and will deny his affections . Then when he does what she supposedly wanted him to do which was disturbing in itself , she is still just sitting there with no emotion at all . This woman was definitely mentally ill and i tried to understand her character but there wasnt really enough information . I dont want to give away the ending but the whole movie is a downer . I didnt understand what happened at the end or what became of her but i have to say this , this is probably the saddest portrayal of anyone ive ever seen on film . I still cant tell what exactly made her that way . Is she a sociopath ? Was she abused at some point ? Its a slow moving film but effective .
 Erika -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- is a fortyish piano teacher with deeply repressed sexual feelings . She lives with her mother -LRB- Annie Girardot -RRB- , a controlling , oppressive woman , and deals with her erotic longings through voyeurism , visits to sex shops and self mutiliation . She still sleeps with her mother . The film largely takes place at the conservatory where she teaches and at the apartment she shares with her mother.Huppert in an excellent on-disc interview says Erika longs to be loved but is frightened of seduction . She treats her students coldly but is drawn to one who is vain and handsome , and played by Benoit Magimel . The rest is the story of her creating and accepting a masochistic relationship with the young man that spirals down into her own psycho-sexual collapse.This movie wo n't be everyone 's choice for an evening with the kids . It 's a serious , disturbing film for adults that looks grimly at repressed feelings and emotional self destruction . For the grownups , it might put you off sado-masochism for a few days . It 's a first-rate film.Isabelle Huppert is one of my favorite actors . Like Depardieu , she has no apparent screen vanity ; she 'll do what it takes for the role . She also has the rare ability to express deep , unsettling feelings with an absolute economy of expression . She is incredible in this film.I 'm happy to have the disc , but to tell you the truth I 'm not sure how many more times I 'll watch it.The DVD transfer is excellent , the audio is first rate , and the English subtitles are easy to follow .
 I spent 4 years at a music conservatory . In my experience it was a hostile , competitive environment that stiffles creativity and love of music . My teacher for my principal instrument was as cold , abrupt , unfeeling , and abusive as the character brilliantly potrayed by Isabelle Huppert . Watching this film made me feel like I was right back there and left me feeling nauseated that I had spent so much of my life in such an environment.I got my degree and quit music - this film helped me remember why.Five stars for realism .
 This film is outstanding , but I ca n't imagine the general public liking this movie . I 'm in the classical music world and understand the music conservatory life . All the acting is wonderful . I would say not to watch this movie if you really do n't know the music world and not like kinky stuff . I do understand why some people get bored with this . But to me I can really feel how my life would be over if my teacher put glass in my coat pocket to injure my hands so I 'll never play again ! That was the most terrible part for me to watch!Trust your own judgement . If you do n't like the plot , the music is beautiful and they use great musicians .
 I 've yet to see this DVD release , but the theatrical release was brilliant . The film does a wonderful job of bringing Elfriede Jelenek 's book to the screen .
 I happened to watch this film again last night , and I must say that Haneke is a director you have to allow to infiltrate you 're way of thinking in order to really understand his work . He has a very distinct viewpoint and is certainly a visionary , and so his films carry with them hidden layers of emotional confliction that I think are pertinent to appreciating them . ` La Pianiste ' is a dark and disturbing film that could be -LRB- wrongfully -RRB- disregarded as perverse filth , but there is so much more involved here.Throwing this film to the side due to its graphic nature is denying it the admiration it deserves.The film centers around a middle aged woman named Erika Kohut , a piano teacher who lives at home with her mother and secretly hides her own perverse fantasies ; sneaking off to buy smut and witness adult films . Erika is cold and seemingly bitter , a woman who is envious of her young students and strangely dependant on her mother . Her world is turned upside down when she encounters a young man named Walter Klemmer , an arrogant student with talent who cares little for music itself and more for the attention his hands can get him . Erika is repulsed yet fascinated to the point where she dares let him inside her head . Once he has been allowed to see her for who she really is , he challenges her , defying her wishes and showing her that her own desires are not necessarily her own.Michael Haneke is known for his dissection of violence and society . He is constantly tackling that very subject with fresh ideas that capitalize on his gritty sense of realism and sharp eye for detail . Taking the lines one crosses , meshing together the emotions of love and hate , Haneke creates a startling character study that leaves the audience much like Erika , and later Walter ... Repulsed yet fascinated.The character of Erika Kohut is a mesmerizing one , because she is so easily condemned for her actions and desires but this is a grave misunderstanding of a woman oppressed by her natural surroundings . She is a woman who has suffered the loss of a father -LRB- to insanity -RRB- and continually suffers the confinement that comes from paternal control -LRB- her mother still treats her as if she were a child -RRB- . She is lost within her own passions , surrounded by young students who lack the knowledge she has yet she is grossly aware that they will amount to more than she ever will . She is insulted by their mediocre talents . Erika is also alone , lonely within her own view of love . Being controlled and looked down on , she craves someone to dominate her . She puts up the air that she is cruel and controlling and domineering , but she is begging , pleading with the world to knock her down . She has such lack of control within her own life that she needs to control her idea of intimacy . Finding escape in the voyeuristic engagements suited for a prepubescent boy , Erika taints her own understanding of love by feeding herself the filth propagated by the media . She becomes her own worst enemy , and thus falls victim to her own carnal misunderstandings.When Walter gives in and ` gives her what she wants ' , it literally destroys her.The film is , on its own , a masterpiece and a force to be reckoned with , but without the dedicated and fearless performance given by Isabelle Huppert the film would not have had nearly the effect needed to sustain it . When you think of performances that ` go there ' , that really throw caution to the wind and allow themselves to embody a single character , this is one that should instantly come to mind . Huppert does shy away from the character flaws within Kohut . She attacks them head on , unlocking this characters inner most secrets and exposing her full frontal for the world to see . With a performance that includes self mutilation , public urination , proposed incest , total humiliation and twisted perversions of the unmentionable kind , Huppert never flinches in her delivery . What is even better is that she accompanies each scene with the needed emotional connection to make it wholly believable . Watching the coldness melt off her face as she faces rejection from the one she has bared her soul too , it is unbelievably sympathetic . For a woman who has been so rigid and so evil -LRB- enough to viciously attack a student -RRB- we feel an honest sense of connection to her in that state of turmoil.Huppert is accompanied by some great supporting players , not the least of which is Benoit Magimel , who stuns as her lover Walter . Witnessing his initial admiration for Erika dissipate into a hysterical observation and then completely manic obsession is brutal and nerve-racking . Annie Girardot is wickedly amusing as Erika 's mother , a woman who is at the center of her daughters own collapse.In the end , ` La Pianiste ' is NOT a film for everyone , but it is a film that will provoke you and stir you enough to validate its existence . Michael Haneke is not a shy director , and he does not create fluff films . His films are meant to be analyzed , studied and discussed . If you are looking for a film that will challenge you , then this is a film you should witness .
 The boundaries of love and despair have possibly never been granted so desperate a stage as the slowly weakening lines on the ever-beautiful face of Isabelle Huppert in THE PIANO TEACHER.Erika -LRB- Huppert -RRB- is a middle-aged piano teacher who spends her existence vascillating between torturous control over the lives of child geniuses and the smothering watchfulness of an aging , dispassionate mother . However , when a young piano-playing engineer -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- enters her life with his young mind on his lusty attraction , Erika 's life begins to unravel . Trying to maintain control , she continues to seek ways to express her innermost feelings without surrendering to the power of emotion -- having been trapped in an emotionless existence for so long . Eventually , she cracks under the stress of her two worlds colliding , with equal parts psychological danger and the allure of eroticism.Two haunting performances -LRB- Huppert and Magimel -RRB- make this story as captivating as it is disturbing . In the end , both characters are forever changed , unable to return to the solace of the world they knew before and unwilling to sacrifice their outer shells for inner peace.Not for the squeamish , THE PIANO TEACHER is highly recommended .
 In America , we subconsciously champion a `` win at all costs '' lifestyle . . which is what makes The Piano Teacher such a fascinating movie . Rarely do we understand or view the dark side of perfection ... a calculus that those who are at the top of their game in a given pursuit - are often disturbingly deficient in other facets of their life.Some reviews of The Piano Teacher mysteriously include adjectives of `` gross '' , `` despicable '' , etc. . But they are viewing Piano Teacher through the lenses of a different genre and sanitized perspective . The Piano Teacher is not a family movie . It does not provide us with solace , conflict resolution , or a `` Happy Trails are Here Again '' ending.The Piano Teacher is , however , an amazing exploration of the human psyche , sexual repression , self-worth , and sado-masochsim . . all seething in a professional musical environment where perfection is expected.Very entertaining and thought-provoking .
 This is a breakthrough movie -- but not one that you should undertake watching lightly . The word `` harrowing '' best describes this descent into hell.If you 've never been in a battering relationship , you could never understand why someone would stay around and get beaten up day after day , this film will show you . The battering is mutual and invariably followed by bizarre moments of closeness , apology and even tenderness . In emotionally impoverished and dysfunctional families , this is as good as you get , so you go for it.In this sensitive portrayal , the protagonist professor of piano technique , Erika , breaks though her deeply repressed sexuality and attempts to experience love for the first time with one of her students . Attempting to work out her internal conflicts , the love should be expressed alternately in sadism -LRB- she 's gratuitously mean to all her students -RRB- or in masochism -LRB- what she demands of her lover is pain and humiliation -RRB- . Since the object of her desire , Walter , is not only attracive and talented , but also seems to care deeply for her , the agony of this movie is much deeper.As to the film itself , at times it moves slowly . But you need the break to recover from the intensity of the major scenes . The performances of piano and vocal music are paradoxically delightful to hear , and this movie should win an Oscar for `` best sound '' -LRB- every creak of a floor board counts -RRB- . This is a remarkable movie that should be taken seriously and will reward a mature approach .
 Michael Haneke has adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel to create this disturbing psychological portrait of piano teacher Erika Kohut -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- . Erika 's claustrophobic life is filled with strict teachings and moral hypocrisy . She is a voyeur and masochist beneath her rigid exterior . Her life becomes desperate upon meeting a new student Walter Klemmer -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- . Their relationship becomes tumultuous when it becomes increasingly clear that she is incapable of nothing like a `` normal '' romance.This tragedy is at many times shocking and is likely to make you squirm in discomfort over the deranged levels of Erika 's mentality . While frequently repulsed , I felt an odd sympathy for her at times over the fragility of her being and her difficulty with expressing love . The cinematography of this film is bleak . The atmosphere seems glazed with an impersonality and stark indifference equal to that of Erika 's spirit . The air is bizarrely punctuated with the beauty of the many musical recitals throughout the film . Director Haneke has been much criticised for this work -LRB- it has been dismissed as pretentious -RRB- . Though not for the faint of heart or morally concerned , I found it strangely moving and engaging in the way it unsettles .
 The Piano Teacher is a beautifully acted , wonderfully cinematic , and deeply disturbing masterpiece . It is quite unlike any other motion picture experience I have ever had.Isabelle Hubert is a brilliant actress and she absolutely shines in her role as a psychotic piano teacher who ca n't get what she wants , so goes out to ruin the life of others . The movie reveals this slowly and beautifully . I was impressed that there was no attempt at pop psychology or mediocre explanations that you would expect in a Hollywood melodrama with similar subject matter . The film is done in a simple , elegant , and gut-wrentching style , sure to fascinate and disturb , even if the film is hated in the end . Also worth mentioning is that Hubert 's troubled but sympathetic character lives with her mother , in what has to be one of the most chilling mother/child relationships since PSYCHO.This is an exceptional film , thought-provoking , powerful , and strangely moving . It is not for those who ca n't face the dark side of human nature . It 's far from being a life affirming `` feel good '' movie ; it 's a movie that is difficult to watch and raises plenty of questions . If the difficult subject matter of ` Irreversible ' interested you , then this is your kind of movie . I enjoyed it immensely , as uncomfortable as I was watching it , and consider it a worthwhile , rewarding experience.The film has a haunting and disturbing finale , and is not always easy to digest , and therefore , it is not for all tastes . For fans of French or art-house cinema , this is definitely your cup of tea.Note
 This film is so stunning and indescribable ! I have never known such joy and excitement watching a new release!Isabelle Huppert is playing one of her best roles here . She is undeniably the best actress in the world.You just need to look at her face in this film to comprehend that . Yes , she never plays the role
 If it is true that sadomasochism is a two-sided coin which contains the whole in the diverse expression of its opposites , then the cinematic portrait of Erika Kohut has its reality . Professor Kohut treats her piano students with a kind of fascist sadism while longing for the same for herself . Her outward expression projects her desire . That is why she can hurt without guilt or remorse.Along comes talented , charming , handsome young Walter Klemmer -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- who is attracted to her because of her passion and her intensity . He wants to become her student so as to be close to her . She rejects him out of hand , but because of his talent the Vienna conservatory votes him in . He falls in love with her . Again she pushes him away , but he will not take no for an answer , and thereby begins his own descent into depravity and loss of self-respect . The question the viewer might ask at this point is , who is in control ? The sadist or the masochist ? Indeed who is the sadist and who the masochist ? It is hard to tell . Is it the person who has just been greatly abused both psychologically and physically , who is actually lying wounded on the floor in grotesque triumphant and fulfillment , or is it the person who is rushing out the door , sated , giving the order that no one is to know what happened.But Erika is not just a sadomasochistic freak . She is a sex extreme freak . She wants to experience the extremes of human sexuality while maintaining the facade of respectability . Actually that is n't even true . She says she does n't care what others think . She does n't care if they walk in and find her bleeding on the floor because she is in love . Love , she calls it . For her sex and love are one and the same.At one point Walter tells her that love is n't everything . How ironic such a superfluity is to her . How gratuitous the comment.The movie is beautifully cut and masterfully directed by Michael Haneke who spins the tale with expert camera work and carefully constructed sets in which the essence of the action is not just clear but exemplified -LRB- as in the bathroom when Walter propels himself high above the top of the stall to find Erika within -RRB- . He also employs a fine positioning of the players so that they are always where they should be with well timed cuts from one angle to another . This is particularly important in the scene in which Erika , like a blood-drained corpse caught in stark white and black light , lies under her lover , rigid as stone . Here for the most part we only see her face and the stark outline of her neck with its pulsating artery . We do n't need to see any more.The part of Erika Kohut is perfect for Isabelle Huppert who is not afraid of extremes ; indeed she excels in them . I have seen her in a number of movies and what she does better than almost anyone is become the character body and soul . Like the woman she plays in this movie she is unafraid of what others may think and cares little about her appearance in a decorative sense . What matters to her is the performance and the challenge . No part is too demanding . No character too depraved . It 's as if Huppert wants to experience all of humanity , and wants us to watch her as she does . She is always fascinating and nearly flawless . She is not merely a leading light of the French cinema ; she is one of the great actresses of our time who has put together an amazingly diverse body of work.I think it is highly instructive and affords us a wonderful and striking contrast to compare her performance here with her performance in The Lacemaker -LRB- La Dentelli&egrave;re -RRB- from 1977 when she was 22 years old . There she was apple sweet in her red hair and freckles and her pretty face and her cute little figure playing Pomme , a Parisian apprentice hairdresser . Her character was shy about sex and modest -- just an ordinary French girl who hoped one day to be a beautician . Here she is a self-destructive witch , bitter with hateful knowledge of herself , shameless and entirely depraved.Huppert is fortunate in being an actress in France where there are parts like this for women past the age of starlets . -LRB- Hollywood could never make a movie like this . -RRB- In the American cinema , only a handful of the very best and hardest working actresses can hope to have a career after the age of about thirty . Huppert greatly increases her exposure because of her ability and range , but also because she is willing to play unsympathetic roles , here and also in La C&eacute;r&eacute;monie -LRB- 1995 -RRB- in which she plays a vile , spiteful murderess.Do see this for Isabelle Huppert . You wo n't forget her or the character she brings to life .
 The French have a way of creating films full of people you would never want to know , should not want to know , and if you saw them would fail to see what lies below the surface . In other words , they explore parts of the human condition that Hollywood would n't touch . Huppert brilliantly realizes the portrayal of an emotionally twisted woman
 ... who would have thought they could co-exist ? This movie is criticized as being devoid of content , except for it 's graphic sexual and violent content . I would disagree with this viewpoint . I think of it more as a study of mental illness . The film is highly unpredictable and very well made . I loved the music in the film as well . I personally did n't get the impression the filmmaker was attempting to make any broad-sweeping philosophical statements or moral pronouncements , as its critiques on this website are suggesting . Its simply a bizarre , somewhat disturbing movie that is very well made and interesting .
 A middle aged female piano professor , Erika Kohut at the infamous Vienna conservatory , is still living with the mother who has raised her daughter in a strict and traditional manner . At a private recital she meets a young vigorous man , Walter Klemmer , who plays the piano in a most seductive manner for her . She attempts to keep distance from the young piano player in various ways . However , he applies to the Vienna conservatory in order to be her student . This makes it tremendously difficult for her , since she seems to be terrified of being hurt by Walter 's seductive manners . However , their fate is sealed as it is presented in an eccentric and neurotic manner . The Piano Teacher portraits characters with meticulous detail , which elevates the film experience to a superior event .
 What a brilliant movie about incest and how it leads to the devastation of a woman . A woman who ca n't feel anything , who is trying desperately in every way to feel ... something . And when someone presents himself to draw her out of her withered self , all she can do is re-enact her adoloscent despair . Come on , folks -- her mother tells her she 's filthy , she berates her for giving in to a man -- this is Psychology 101 , but brilliantly acted and compelling . Of course , she wants her student to be damaged , because she is both jealous and trying to protect her student from her overbearing parents . I doubt that I 'm going to sleep well tonight .
 A piano teacher superbly performed by Isabelle Huppert -LRB- one of my top favorite actress in the world -RRB- , exhibits the ancient myth of Eros and Psiquis , and emerges with powerful force and dark poetry in this frustrated human being who , hidden on her art helmet , seems to watch how her best lifetime passed without any expectative . The cotidianity establishes in her life an unbearable repetition of a long catalogue of common places . Indeed , the obvious conclusion you perceive after she punishes that promising and talented pupil through the most miserable envy feeling and impotence . In her soul depths she knows her pupil will overpass her in a future not so distant.But suddenly the passion appears and with it the Pandora Box will open with her cumulative sum of expected affection , sexual repressions and the wished love that came behind the masque of the oblivion.She will play hard this role of victim and victimary . In her role of teacher the last profile is well known but she knows the time is brief and somehow as the famous Proust novel she intends to search desperately the missed time.To be honest the camera is not to the same level than the performers . Huppert is overwhelming but the camera eye does n't maintain the same level of required fierceness and mistakenly you can feel it . If you intend to change visual agression with the deepest insights of that troubled soul avid of love and consideration , we have big problem.Think in Nagisa Oshima with the Empire Senses and you will realize that important device . The way you use your filmic language is even much more important perhaps tahn the same script if you want to accent certain issues to achieve your purpose . Otherwise you will obtain a serious artistic deficit when you analyze the final result .
 The `` Piano Teacher '' is one of * those * films.You are probably either going to * love * it , or you are going to LOATHE it . There is really no middle ground.So which will it be , for you?If you like your films easy and with Arnold Schwarzenegger in , you will almost undoubtedly loathe it . If you come from some rural backwater and believe in that whole `` christian '' thing , the same applies . If you have heard that this film is `` dirty '' and has `` sex in it '' you will probably feel deeply ripped off.If on the other hand , you know that Hollywood has only produced four or five films worth a damn in the last ten years , and have turned your attentions to the films of the rest of the world , you will be in for a serious treat . `` The Piano Teacher '' is a real film , about real people , and real human relationships and as such it is neither simplistic or particularly easy to watch.If you like films that make you think and draw a deep emotional response , you will like this film . If you like the idea of a lloooonnng argument or acrimonious discussion after a film , `` The Piano Teacher '' is definitely one to watch . It * really * stirs the pot.A brilliant film , but one that some people find very difficult to deal with . Check out some of the commentaries on this film on the web , just search for `` Piano Teacher meaning '' on Google.Magnificent stuff , and top marks to Isabelle Huppert for one of the greatest performances EVER in a motion picture ... but beware the warnings , this film is not for those who value simple pleasures .
 Although for the most part I enjoyed this film I have to admit that the utterly continental French ending leaving the audience to wonder what in the world happened and really left me cold with a feeling that I had fallen off a cliff or was cheated ... In this movie we find our single 30 ` ish piano teacher extraordinaire living with her mother in modern day Paris with her domineering mother ... . Since both of them sleep together , in an apartment that we find does have more than one bedroom , the viewer is on more than one accasion treated to observe a violent and disturbing relationship between mother and daughter from the get go ... To say that our heroine sufferes from sexual repression pushing her to madness we see perversion come to the light of day when she is openly courted by one of her younger students who could have practically any girl his own age for the sheer asking ... . The students admission of love for his teacher forces her to face up to her repressed sexual urges and fetishes , which , in turn are initially rebuffed as madness ... Although we hope that this young woman would be able to overcome her obsessions there is always a feeling within the viewers mind that this tragedy will not end well ... Definitely for the mature viewers among us ...
 Bound to become a classic of world cinema , ` the piano teacher ' , is Michael Haneke 's most perfect film . . It tells the story of a women so repressed and abused by her mother that she explodes with sexual tension . . it comes out in her music . . and in a sort of chaotic relationship with one of her students . . at times incestuous and at times perverse this is a truly disturbed women who is as rigid as her own philosophy of music - this is a must see - a modern classic from a powerful new cinematic voice . .
 I 've seen Isabelle Huppert in three films now , and there 's something about her looks , her expression , an inner stillness that goes right down to the base of her spine - something that lets you know she 's a coiled spring all set to go sprooooiiiiing ! This is one scary woman . The Piano Teacher takes this woman 's sexual frustration and obsession to heights of perversity and cruelty that rise to the level of masterpiece . I ca n't say I ` enjoyed ' watching this film , but I would give it the highest recommendation on every level because of the masterly performances of all involved . It 's hard to watch , but once started , you 'll find it impossible NOT to watch.Five stars .
 This is a good film , probably even a great film . Isabelle Hupert 's performance is rivetting.Great cinema is about effective story-telling . It is not a question of feeding the viewer feel-good candy-floss , however much Hollywood may consider it otherwise.In that sense , this film probably is great cinema.It has a very strong , difficult , script , about an artist on the edge of madness.It has good direction.It has good camera work.It has outstanding acting in both of the principal roles , and in most of the supporting roles.There is an undeniable quality in the film . It is easy to see why it won three of the four main prizes at Cannes.Nonetheless , is is a profoundly uncomfortable film to watch .
 When I first heard about Michael Haneke 's `` The Piano Teacher '' , about a sexually repressed instructor at the Vienna Conservatory , I thought it was exactly the kind of movie I did n't want to see . In a world awash in pop music , South Park and Britney videos , how could a film about the stultifyingly uptight classical music world have * any * relevance for a post-modern , post-everything film buff -LRB- even if he is American ? -RRB- Did n't Bergman tread this ground 40 years ago ? Did n't Bunuel make savage fun of the hypocrisy of bourgeois sexual respectability in `` Belle de Jour '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB- ? Was n't Haneke a little behind the times?Walking - or I should say staggering - out of the theater 2.5 hours later , I was humbled by the scope of Haneke 's and Huppert 's achievement . Rarely have I seen a film both so clear-eyed about sexual psychosis and yet so compassionate as well . Isabelle Huppert , who probably was n't nominated for an Oscar only because the film can be so off-putting to some , gives what can only be described as an intense performance . Her clenched face and the darting movements of her eyes reveal more about her character - her inner rage , her self-hatred - than most actors can achieve with sheets and sheets of dialouge . That 's the essence of the film , everything is very formally * controlled * - so that when violence , self-inflicted or otherwise , breaks out , it is startling because it emerges from such as civilized veneer.If the point of the film were to demonstrate the High Culture spiritually deforms those who engage in it -LRB- and I do n't think it does -RRB- , the film would have minimal interest . High culture has been on the defensive so long , it does n't need to be blamed for driving Isabelle Huppert nuts as well . Rather the film gains its strength from watching a seriously damaged human being - damaged in ways only suggested at - construct a protective cocoon around herself that fails to protect her from troublesome feelings and desires . The film is somewhat similar to Neil Jordan 's great film , `` The Butcher Boy '' whose protagonist uses an opposite strategy - relentless good cheer - to mask the absolute misery he 's sinking into . In these two films , as well as other recent films like Noe 's `` I Stand Alone '' , Nyutten 's `` L'Humanite '' , Haneke 's other recent film `` Code
 The Piano Teacher shows us a few days in the life of a disturbed woman who is both victim and victimizer . Isabelle Huppert briliantly plays the part of Erika Kohut , a middle-aged piano teacher at a music college in Vienna . Annie Giradot is no less effective as her domineering and watchful mother . The two women abuse one another physically and verbally . This relationship is long standing and comes to a crisis as the film progresses.Erika is unable to break the bonds that attach her to her mother . Instead , like a child who has never grown up , she wants to please her mother , but is driven to act out her own fantasies secretly . Her mother appears to be unaware of the deep seated repression that is consuming her daughter . What she does see is an angry , hateful person who lies to her and deceives her frequently.Erika 's sexual frustration takes the form of physical and pschological self-hate . She visits porn shops to degrade herself and she mutilates her body to distract her from the intense psychological pain she suffers constantly.At school her anger takes the form of verbal abuse to her students who are unable to achieve the artistic integrity she demands . What appears to be an inflated sense of her own importance as an artist masks her frustration at being second-rate . She is not good enough to be recognized as an artist in her own right . Her hatred of herself and her inadequacy as an artist prompt her to strike out at students and colleagues alike.Into her seething cauldron of despair comes a young engineering student , Walter Klemmer , wonderfully played by Benoit Maginel , who wants to study Schubert with her . At first she refuses him , but pressure by the school to accept him forces her to work with him . The sexual tension between teacher and pupil is immediately apparent and moves forward to a collision some reviewers have likened to a bad car accident.In the end we see Erika and her student reduced to the lowest common demoninator as human beings . At first Erika is successful at dominating her young student , but the tables are turned as she becomes dependent on him . Both teacher and student are playing a zero sum game to lose . The final climax and its denoument leave Erika a wounded , broken woman.The director , Michael Haneke , elicits finely tuned performances by all the players , particularly Huppert , who is magnificent in the title role . Haneke has made this film for adults only . It is dark and disturbing from beginning to end with moments of pain and violence that are as real as anything one is likely to see on the screen.Huppert as the piano teacher has no redeeming qualities we are able to see in the short space of time covered by the film . Viewers looking for a pleasant and agreeable entertainment are urged to search elsewhere . Haneke shows us a dark side of life and he is unflinching in its portrayal .
 In French , with English subtitles , this film is a risky psychological drama about a well-respected music professor at a prestigious Vienna music school . She 's in her forties , wears no makeup , keeps her hair in a bun and dresses in the plainest of clothes . As a teacher , she is severe and demanding . She and her mother live together and their constant arguments include slaps and tears and reconciliation . Her secret life , however , includes pornography , voyeurism and genital self-mutilation . When an attractive young man starts to pursue her romantically , she shocks him with her perversions . How this all plays out is fascinating and the eventual conclusion is inevitable , but along the way the audience is plunged into this very unsettling world.Isabelle Huppert 's performance as the teacher is absolutely magnificent . There are a lot of close-ups of her unsmiling freckled face and dark opaque emotionless eyes . There is a vague reference to her father being in an insane asylum ; other than that there is no back-story to help us understand her . Benoit Magimel , cast as her young suitor , has a difficult role as well . During the course of the film , we watch him change before our eyes . All the other characters are also well cast and give outstanding performances.The director , Michael Haneke , kept the tension and erotic undercurrent strong throughout . There is a lot of classical music and scenes of recitals and piano lessons in a very rigid and upscale world . And then there are those scenes targeted to make the audience squirm in their seats . When all the elements are put together , the results are a film that will long haunt my memories.The Piano Teacher is not for everyone . But for those adventurous few who are willing to experience the different and dramatic , do n't miss it .
 I saw this film in Paris last October . Director , Michael Haneke has delivered an incredibly powerful film based on a controversial Austrian novel . Isabelle Huppert plays Erika , a brilliant piano professor at a college in Vienna . At work she is respected among her peers and indimidating to her students . At home , she lives with her tyrant mother -LRB- Annie Girardot -RRB- . Erika and her mother have an emotionally abusive co-dependent relationship to the point where they share the same bedroom . Erika 's sex life consists of eerie visits to porno shops and sadistic self-mutilation . When one of her students -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- attempts to seduce her , she agrees but on HER terms.A family film this is not . There are some very disturbing scenes of emotional and physical abuse . But as difficult as the subject matter is , it does help the viewer to understand the psyche of a woman who has been denied happiness all her life . Isabelle Huppert is fantastic in a very difficult role . Her performance of the tortured Erika is the only time , I 've seen a character so disturbed and cruel who I found pity in and wanted to see succeed . Forget the Oscar nominations , this is the best female performance of the year ! Annie Girardot and Benoit Magimel are wonderful and very convincing in their roles as well . Lastly , the director , Michael Haneke . I 've never seen any of his previous work but few directors have the ability to take complete control of my attention and keep it long after their film is over . Haneke is one of the very few who did . `` La Pianiste '' is a masterpiece , I recommend it to anyone who has an appreciation for European cinema .
 THE PIANO TEACHER goes places most film makers dare not tread - the dark aspects of frustrated sexuality where desire and affection can not meet . In brief , this is the story of the inner world of an exceptional pianist and piano teacher who lives with her mother in a ` marriage arrangement ' that appears to satisfy both with its accompanying fights , jealousies , cheatings , and clingings . This cold pianist -LRB- incomparably portrayed by the fine Isabelle Huppert -RRB- is absorbed by Schubert and Schumann and shares many of those composers ' tendencies towards madness and melancholy . Her private acting out of her sexual life includes forays into pornography video booths , drive-in movies for voyeurism , and other sadomasochistic practices that leave her frustrated in her drive to be humiliated and beaten . Into this sad woman 's life enters a sensuously handsome student -LRB- again , played with complete credibility and finesse by Benoit Magimel -RRB- and much of the film is a hard driving match between lust/desire and need/repulsion , the true approach/avoidance conflict . The pace of the film is so correct for a story about the extended periods of ennui between moments of exhilharation that mirror the life inside a music academy . We are treated to some wonderful Schubert , Schumann , Schonberg , and Bach that serves as the ` dialogue ' during extended scenes where the piano teacher listens with her eyes and ears and dsitorted mind , reacting to the music in equal parts with the performing students . Yes , this is a distrubing film , but it is not a grotesque film . Director Michael Haneke manages to place this surreal sexual tragedy for us to understand just how wide the bell curve of human sexuality stretches . An astonishingly fine film - if you are open to explore the dark interstices of the human mind without prejudice . An added feature of an interview on the DVD with Isabelle Huppert about the character she portrays is exceptionally apropos and well filmed .
 Being a piano teacher myself , I was very curious about this film . I do n't teach in a conservatory , but do know that artists at that level can become very eccentric , and when they feel threatened , they can be vicious . Still , this film took that to the extreme and then some . Erika 's relationship with her mother did n't make it any easier to achieve mental health , and her sexual fantansies and perversions drove her deeper into the abyss . By all outward appearances , she was a repressed , uptight bully with most of her students who went home to a quiet life with her equally repressed , bullying mother , but she often sneaked out at night to act out her fantasies . It 's when an attractive student takes a romantic interest in her that she decides she can use him to act out her ultimate fantasies of being beaten and abused to an extreme . She controls him cruelly until he agrees to follow through . Some of this is hard to watch , but the film is never judemental , and Erika 's humanity is always there . As twisted as she has become , she is never a caricature or a two-dimensional character . This is a very dark , very adult tale that left me a little shaken , as I 'm sure was intended .
 First let me put on the record , Isabelle Huppert gives a dynamite performance which is both disturbing , and ultimately very sad . I had first seen her in the movie `` Ma Mare '' , which was also great . `` The Piano Teacher '' is a hard film to watch as the subject matter is quite disturbing . It is not the Caf&eacute; Latte S&M ; of pretty young twenty-somethings exploring their boundaries here ; it delves into the true nature of sexual perversity.Loneliness is a terrible burden to bear and part of the strength of the film is that the director never reduces Huppert to a freak show . Her pain is apparent even though she is at many times a fairly odious -LRB- and occasionally downright psychopathic character -RRB- Hints of what has led her to this situation are given , the unhealthy co-dependant relationship she has with her mother , the perfectionism and driven nature that pervades her working life , madness in the family . In the end it does n't really matter how it came about as it is an examination of a person in that state and how they fall apart both emotionally and mentally that is being examined here . There are many scenes which stayed in my mind long after the film ended
 Like all of Haneke 's films , the less you know going in the better , so I 'm not going to discuss the plot . You probably already know that it 's about a sexually , uh ... different ... piano teacher portrayed by Isabelle Huppert with astonishing and heart-breaking power , and really , that 's all you need at this point . Do n't read the plot synopsis above , as it gives away absolutely everything -- really , I think Amazon needs to take it down immediately.Although this film might not be for everyone -LRB- particularly the squeamish or the faint of heart -RRB- , it 's an astonishingly powerful work of art . A lot of `` art '' movies are boring , perhaps because they are inaccessible ; I ca n't think of anyone who could sit through this one bored . You can think about this movie on the surface or you can keep plumbing its thematic depths , to very worthwhile results . Aside from the obvious themes in the film , such as madness and sexual repression , the break between high art and popular culture , and sexual/romantic politics , I consider this an important feminist and even neomarxist film -LRB- insofar as the film is a criticism of capitalist society -RRB- -- do n't believe me ? Google Adorno 's essay `` The Culture Industry '' and see how closely his ideas are paralleled in the film . But this is n't just me being pretentious , Haneke has Erika drop Adorno 's name in casual conversation in the second scene of the film ; and of course , Elfriede Jelinek , Noble Prize in Literature winner in 2004 -LRB- a scandalous win that shook up the stuffy old academy -RRB- is a feminist writer , so we know to look for these themes . Other themes include
 After I saw `` La Pianiste '' several years ago , I said to myself that I would never see it again , so powerful and disturbing it was . Time went on but I could not get the movie and its main character , Erika Kahut out of my mind . The story of a respected Piano teacher in Vienna Conservatory , cool and collected on the surface , an expert in classical music , with the inner world so dark and disturbing with the demons of fear , self-loathing and self destruction strong enough to ruin her demanded more than one viewing . I read the book `` The Piano Teacher '' by Elfriede Jelinek , the controversial Nobel Prize winner in literature that the film is based on and after reading it I saw the film again . Second time , all pieces of puzzle came to the right places . Not very often an outstanding harrowing book is transferred to the screen with such brilliancy as `` Le Pianiste '' . Three actors gave outstanding performances . Franz Schubert 's Piano music , `` soaked in the morbid humanity '' , is another bright star of the movie.I only have one problem with Haneke 's vision . There is a scene in the film where Haneke made some changes to Erika 's character comparing to the novel . In the book , the furthest she went to reveal herself to Walter , the young student in the conservatory who became attracted to her was in a letter . As soon as he realized what he was dealing with and showed to her how much he was repulsed by that , she had stopped communicating with him . Erika of the book would never chase Walter to throw herself to him . She kept everything inside - she did not like to act , she was not a chaser - she loved to watch . The big scene during the hockey game was not necessary . It tried to make Erika sympathetic -LRB- and of course , Huppert was heartbreaking -RRB- but it took the mystery that surrounded her - Jelinek did not write that scene , it sounded and looked false in otherwise excellent film .4.5 / 5 or 9/10
 Some may be put off by the length of the film -LRB- and even more by the fact that it is not in English -RRB- but I urge you to sit through this film , watch it to its disturbing end.This is an excellent film which looks more into how we view people and how they really are . Huppert is excellent as a middle class piano teacher who on the outside is a rigid woman in control of her life as much as she is in control of her students , she demands perfection and accepts no excuses . In her private life however , she is torn apart by contradictions . Hupperts commentary in additional material sums it up perfectly , she is almost like a child . Smothered by a mother who controls every aspect of her private life she resorts to what many would consider a ` perverse ' private life.She becomes the unwilling victim of the attractions of one of her students , a young man who has it all , well off family , friends and the social standing that means what he wants , he gets . After a long pursuit Hppert finally gives in only to discover that by opening up to this young man she may lose more than she ever imagined.This is a film that does at time demand your attention as does last over 2 hours but sit through it , you will be rewarded by the end .
 Many people have already written down the plot of this movie . many people understood the plot of the movie . Many people did n't understand the plot of this movie.This is a hell of a ride . With every next scene you are scared what will be next . But you want , NO you need to see it . Isabella Huppert is amazing and probably has givin the performance of the year . All the acting in this movie is magnificent . Many of the american reviewers do n't seem to understand the bigger picture , as if sexual violence is of a worse kind then plain killing with a gun and shooting people in the streets . Knowing how puritan USA is as a country I believe that many people have difficulties seeing al the layers in this movie . There are so many , watch it again and maybe you will see the true art in this film .
 Yes , I felt like I had been gutted after first seeing it . But not until the next day did I begin to see the true brilliance of this creation . I wo n't repeat much of what has already been said by those who appreciate the film , but there is one new area I want to touch on ... ** SPOILERS ** Why exactly did the teacher put the broken glass in the student 's pocket ? Most reviewers have noted that it only reflected her cruelty and reaction to an unsatifactory performance . I must disagree . Watch the scene again . Huppert is moved to tears as she watches her student playing on stage . The student is quite an expressive girl -LRB- crying & vocalizing her fears -RRB- - just the opposite of Huppert 's character.There is a scene later in the film , after the girl is injured , when Huppert discusses the accident with the girl 's mother . The mother , visibly upset , states `` We gave up everything so she could study piano '' and Huppert immediately snaps `` You mean SHE gave up everything , do n't you . `` So it was my thought that Huppert was simply saving this young expressive student from her own destiny . She did n't want the girl to end up like HER , repressed & hardened , condemned to a life of recitals ... gradually killing the soul in the pursuit of perfection.For me , that realization made all the difference in what I experienced through this film . Brilliant .
 `` The Piano Teacher '' is one of the most affecting films I 've seen in a long time . It is spare and cruel , and really has no resolution which often drives moviegoers crazy ; I thought it was masterful . I saw it over a week ago and I 'm still thinking about it , which speaks to how powerful it is . I wo n't go into plot details - you should see it yourself ! But I found none of its explicitness gratuitous in the least . I thought it was a very honest portrait of the pain and anger of an individual . I would n't really say it was about sadomasochism , because I think it 's much deeper than that . It 's exposing , in a painfully raw way , the torment of a particular person . I imagine this film will resound with two kinds of people - cinephiles focused on the artistry of the film and those who identify , on a personal level , with pain . For those , Isabelle Huppert expresses more truth in the movement of an eyebrow than in just about anything else I 've seen . If you know what you 're getting into , `` The Piano Teacher '' can be an amazing experience .
 Isabelle Huppert is in one great movie after another . A couple of years ago she played the mysterious and apparently selfless wife of a famus composer in Claude Chabrol 's Merci Pour Le Chocolat . This time she plays a piano teacher in yet another role filled with subtlety and mystery . The role is in many ways reminiscent of the earlier one as Huppert reveals clues to her characters troubled psyche with odd and disturbing actions which offer a sharp contrast to her calm and collected exterior . She does much of her acting with the same expression which makes her one of the most interesting performers to watch for what she conceals with each performance is what fascinates and keeps us attentive . The performance Huppert gives as the piano teacher is a disturbing one for beneath her reserved exterior and her very high reputation seethe the passions of an unhappy woman . Whether her mother has caused her daughter to grow into the person she has become or not is perhaps a matter for debate . It appears the mother is over protective but then as the story progresses one sees the mother has good reason to be over protective . Huppert 's piano teacher loves her mother it seems but also wants to torture her mother . For her students the piano teacher wastes no time with feelings it seems but again the performance is subtle and layered and offers clues that perhaps she does care for them in her way . It is possible to interpret some of her actions in more than one way . Ultimately we find it is only she herself she wants to humiliate/torture as we see her act out in various circumstances -- most notably in her actions toward a young student who has an infatuation with her -- her own self-degradation . Frame to frame the story is exquisitely shot and told . The music is used to incredible effect . In one particularly fabulous scene the director allows the high plane of music of a previous scene to follow Huppert into the next scene where she enters another plane , one that is not high .
 Many of the reviews have provided very good plot summaries , descriptions of major scenes , etc. , but none have really given a good description of how this film makes you , as the viewer , feel . This is a pity , because here we have a powerful film that leaves you unsettled and puzzled . The main characters are far enough askew that you can not identify with them , but real enough that you empathize . Moreover , while it is easy to say that the sado-masochistic themes are what makes this film troubling , there are really many layers where we are stymied in our hope for resolution and explanation.Clues are strewn throughout the story , bits of history that we latch on to in our quest to understand why this piano teacher is so cruel , why she withstands the abuses of her mother , why she mutilates herself . The easy answers are unsatisfactory . She abuses her mother as much as she is abused . Her father went crazy , but was there something unspeakable in his past ? She is a perfectionist , but seems jealous of others . Inevitably we attempt to use these clues to `` solve '' the puzzle , but our piano teacher always seems one step ahead in eluding us . Further , this leave-a-clue/elude-resolution pattern continues through the final scene of the film , thus we can not attempt to understand or explain it until after we have seen it in its entirety . Watch this film with someone and you will spend hours discussing it in an attempt to understand it . Usually , when my wife and I watch a film , we discuss how it fits in with other films , its potential importance and influence -LRB- s -RRB- . With this film our discussion never made it outside the film - we were trying to understand the characters.This film changes the way you look at other people . When we are introduced to the main characters , Erika Kohut and her student Walter Klemmer , we see characteristics that remind of of others we know . Yet as we learn more about them , we are disturbed . We do n't like what we find when we cross from the public to the personal - and by extension we begin to wonder about those around us , even how we appear to others . That we never resolve the characters , that we never figure out how to categorize and place them , exacerbates this disruption of our view of humanity . The real and the surreal are so tightly woven in the characters that we lose confidence in our ability to discern . We become a bit like Walter Klemmer who is clearly flailing in his attempt to regroup after his teacher reveals a bit of her `` real '' self.While the film is disturbing , the shock comes from the characters , particularly Erika . Her actions defy our sensibility , and while there are serious sexual overtones - if not plain sexual actions - in the film , everything is so much imbued with a sense of pain and emotional sickness that we are shocked rather than titillated . Visually the film is beautiful , if a bit dark . Sense of space , mood , and feeling change with ease . This is a film that looks natural , rich , and vibrant . The disjuncture between the public scenes and the private interior of the characters -LRB- again , primarily Erika , though Walter throws us a few curves -RRB- is part of what makes this film work so well.Again , I highly recommend this film , but with the stipulation that it is not for the weak of heart .
 Huppert 's performance in this movie left me staggering out of the theater and determined to see the film at my own pace so I bought the DVD . The movie is a testament to Huppert 's versatility . The movie goes far beyond any American movie in its character 's relvelations of her lonely and suppressed nature . I can not imagine any other actress putting herself through the scenes that Huppert , a consumate actress , played with incredible skill . It deserves all the awards it won at the Cannes Film Festival .
 The real tragedy of this film is a misunderstanding because she did not throw up his ejaculate out of repulsion . She was unused to men 's bodies inexperienced and to be honest it takes practise to swallow an oyster on yer back when even trying to swallow a sip of water on your back would make anyone gag ! ! All through the film I never lost empathy with her although tempting to ridiculeUp until he recognises what all the ice thrown on him really signified her suppression and perversion were carefully contained and the terror of opening up such a Pandora 's box to her and their eyes was understandably something she fought tooth and nail to have control over . There is always something ingenuous about Walter because he is just too young and virile and compassionate to be complicated by the mess inside her head . If such a thing is possible in real life his direct approach helps her to finally mirror that which is dis-associated in her as sick and mad . He sadistically rejects her after her masochistic letter . Well fair enough because when she begs the error of her ways he does forgive and accept.But then throwing up an oyster is just BAD TIMING in terms of trying to come across as apologetic . That is the comedy before the film takes a dark turn when Walter returns and insanely beats and rapes her . At the concert there is a niave spring in his step as though partially delivering on the request in her letter will hopefully create another rebound from her in terms of coming to her senses again . But of course she already had . The knife meant to atone for the damage he inflicted she turns on herself in disgust but much more so-in self disgust.The film transitions from the world of polished classical recital to tragic opera and underlines the warning that men should never physically harm women because they do n't know their own strength . Although the true villain of course is the mother -LRB- and unbalanced father -RRB- in untold insidious psychological ways . This is a disturbing film . So was i ` Funny Games '
 I was originally attracted to this film because I am/was a pianist and I was interested to see a French take on a movie involving a musician.Wow ... upon first viewing , I was quite shocked . There are some scenes in this movie that are downright disturbing . If you 've seen any French film , you may know what to expect . If you have n't , this may not be the right film to start with . Ultimately , it was very well acted and well directed . The special features are n't enormous , but what is there is quite interesting , including an interview with Isabelle Huppert.It 's hard to describe , really . If you 're used to American film , you probably wo n't like it right away . Give it a chance . If you do n't like it , that 's fine .
 I entirely agree with the previous reviewers . The actors and actresses are of the best choice . The characters are so well portrayed and the settings are so well depicted . The overall effects are quite convincing . It 's defintely shocking and at least commercially this film is a success.The choice of Schubert 's music at least serves two points . First , Schubert 's music is one of the saddest in the history of music , it 's the music of the loniest pilgrim . Second , contrary to Beethoven 's music , which is so clear and straight forward , the changes of moods in Schubert 's music are so sudden and so abundant and that it is often difficult to follow , and so are the turns and twists in this story.A general survey of the life of the pianists would making this story more convincing . An American critized Kissin for knowing nothing but playing on the piano from day to night all his life ; Glenn Gould shut himself up in front of the piano since and before his pre-teens ; Allica de Larrocha 's mother begged her daughter to `` live her life '' -LRB- Allica 's word -RRB- , instead of sacrifying it to the piano ; MargaretvArgerich 's `` fiance '' -LRB- Margaret 's own word -RRB- was the piano . The life of a musician destined to become a concert pianist could be very lonely -LRB- and boring -RRB- to the point of abnormality unless you really enjoy it , or unless you can balance it with sufficient chamber music or the like . Yet , competition is so keen that 99 concert pianists out of a hundred would advise against a cereer of a concert pianist unless one is exceptionally talented.Obviously the heroine here as `` a piano teacher '' , despite her sacrifice , did n't quite make it as a concert pianist . Her mother , so possessive and dominating , furiously urged her to earn more money to buy a flat etc. . Furthermore , the family has a history of mental problem ; and her mother sharing the bed with her even when she was forty something . Needless to say , this case is by no means a norm yet it is not at all unconvincing . And having been to the concert hall where this film was shot , it appears to me strikingly sad and true.What is controversial though is the deliberate distortion of the sound of all music , be it 's piano or vocal music , so that there is NO MUSIC LEFT AT ALL , ONLY NOISES . Perhaps this serves the main theme of the story better , delivering a greater impact upon the audience . And yet on the other hand , one also wonders if that is really necessary , whether a mix of bitteress & sweetness would be more impressing .
 this is a movie that makes critical contributions hard to express , albeit 233rdc 's review does the job so well.anyway , upon learning what ms. huppert had to say -LRB- in the extras -RRB- i was puzzled by her obliquely appropriating this work in the name of feminism -- the director 's opinion on this is sorely absent.i consider this movie makes an artistic point about what takes place at the near-intersection of woman 's pathology with mundane masculinity . the main characters , polarized with such charges , fiercely exhaust each other in a unique orbit -LRB- i.e. attraction & repulsion . -RRB- they do so much onto each other yet there are the unintended consequences that they live and die by and not their prior projections.it is also worth noticing how MUSIC catalyzes everything up to the point where the orbiting gets dangerous ; then it stops . music is all they share , everything else is just a succession of opposite positions the characters take along identical dimenssions.excellent acting , excellent directing , excellent story , good music !
 This one mixes classical music and weird sexual perversion . I did n't know whether to chuckle or take it seriously . It is one of the more surreal movies you 'll ever watch , debate or not about what it says about women and men . Very French , and by that I mean minimal , yet saying a lot , or seeming to , anyway . The whole thing is pretty senseless , in the end , I thought . The mother-daughter scenes will make you wince , or worse .
 got to see this Film recently & I did n't find it near as Strong overall as it was advertised as being.it had some twisted moments & elements going on but overall not that different from what I 've seen in film over the past several years.enjoyed the music & overall chemistry .
 Fantastic acting , great story line , a disturbing and thought provoking film about the sexual awaking of a woman , verbally abused by her mother . A prim and proper piano teacher , Isabelle Huppert spends her off time in porn shops and peep shows . A brash young student captures her attention , and awakens her deepest and darkest sexual desires . The unrated version is a must see for any Foreign film fan .
 The porn in the sex shop scene of the unrated version of this DVD did n't shock me . Typical filth . What I found startling was Huppert 's response to the graphic sexuality she was viewing . I felt pity for this woman . But I did n't know that my pity would turn into disdain and utter contempt for the demon inside her.This movie takes female sexual frustration to an extreme , and shows just how painful and cruel it can be . It depicts the moral degeneration of a middle aged woman who never achieved personal or professional gratification despite her immense potential as a pianist . She has turned her art into a weapon of remorse and sadistic cruelty . This is a very adult movie , which I did n't enjoy , yet I found compulsively watchable . Huppert makes all female villains in all of the movies put together look like vestal virgins . This is the type of movie that plays with the viewer 's mind to the point where one feels the need to take a shower after watching it.Huppert plays the-piano-teacher-from-the-bottomless-pit to near greatness . It 's a cold-blooded masterpiece of a performance .
 Excellent dvd ! gives insight to a scociety that created a major movement of last century . many of these techniques have carried on through other inovators , but we will surely cherish this dvd and use it as a resource . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This DVD is full of informative facts of the Vril , its begining and ultimatly , the religion of Hitler . It 's full of facts few have heard . Some reviwers might want to bash this DVD because it does not fit into tbeir realm of beliefs . Facts in this are on point ; do n't be closed minded . Learn the secret cult and religion of Hitler and the SS .
 My wife really loves this movie , and I was happy to buy it for her for Valentine 's Day . It seemed an appropriate gift , since the movie is essentially a love story . As I hoped , she loved it , along with the chocolates and mushy card . That said , in my opinion , Alec Guinness is completely unconvincing as an oriental , even though he is one of the most celebrated actors of all time . Could n't they have found a real Chinese guy to play the part ? But the cantankerous Rosalind Russell was perfect for her role , and played it to the hilt . I ca n't say I 'm a fan of the movie , but because of my wife 's love of it , it was a big hit at our house .
 I just wanted to let you know that an off-broadway show called a majority of one is opening on January 16th at the Jewish Repertory Theatre in Manhattan it is located at 316 East 91st Street . -LRB-212-RRB- 831-2000 . Just in case any one is interested .
 See my review of this movie on vhs.Some day before I 'm dead , maybe this will come out on dvd.If you want this movie out on dvdthen click yes .
 This movie is truly hopeful and uplifting.Roz Russell -LRB- Mrs.Jacoby -RRB- plays a Jewish American widow who 's son was killed by the Japanese during WW11.She , her daughter and son-in-law take a ship to Japan because the son-in-law is to play a part in the trade relationsconference between the Japanese and U.S.On board ship she is introduced to a widowed Japanese businessman Koichi Asano -LRB- Alec Guinness -RRB- who will lead the Japanese contingent in the trade negotiations.Mr.Asano 's wifewas killed at Hiroshima.Mrs.Jacoby is polite but very cool towards Mr.Asano at their initial meeting , but over time and several chance encountersthese two people overcome their hostilities and prejudices tosee each other as gentle loving human beings.Both Russell and Guiness exude such warmth and charm that it isunderstandable how these two people from seemingly diversebackgrounds could develop tender feelings for each other.As an aside , look for Russell getting a little tipsy whileat Mr.Asano 's home.This is definately a two thumbs up movie.PLEASE bring it out on DVD .
 Although it is difficult at first to picture Alec Guinness as a distinguished Tokyo businessman , you soon begin to accept his character . I was skeptical of this movie when instructed to view it by my mother . However , just a few minutes into the story , I found myself hooked . Rosalind Russell is believable as the wise and loving Mrs. Jacoby . Alec Guiness is an acceptable post WWII Japanese business man although you want to tell him to quit squinting . Overall , the movie is a guilty pleasure on a cold or rainy Saturday afternoon .
 Back when I was 16 or 17 years old , I came home late one night after a date , and turned on the TV . A Majority of One was on , and I was soon wrapped up in the story . Believe it or not , as a teenager , I was totally enthralled by this story of a romance between two aging people of different cultures.But , I came from a very strict family , and my parent 's bedroom was in earshot of the TV . I knew if I woke them , I 'd be in big trouble . So eventually , I got too nervous to enjoy the movie , and went to bed . But , I never forgot the movie , and always wanted to see the end.Then one day recently , I suddenly thought about it , and realized I could probably buy it online . I could n't remember the name of the movie offhand , but I did a search on Alec Guiness , and recognized the title when I saw it.So , I finally got to see the end . I wo n't tell you the end , but I will say it was worth the wait . This is a sentimental movie , true , but it also has a number of ideas that work through it . -LRB- You remember ideas ... -RRB- One of the themes , stated in other reviews , has to do with racism . Then there is main theme that , if you are right , and the rest of the world is wrong , then you form a majority of one . Great idea ! And there 's the idea that mature people should be respected because they have more experience in human relations than young people.Funny thing is , my mother watched it with me , and loved it even more than I did . It was fun to watch it together as two adults , after my past history with the movie.Okay , accepting Alec Guiness as a Japanese gentleman is a bit of a strech . But just the scene with Rosalind Russel standing pigeon-toed in a kimono is worth the price of the movie .
 This is one of the ultimate feel good movies of the 20th century . Watching the characters develope slowly and completely is so fulfilling . The relationships within the different families in different cultures is so encouraging . It is a little fantasy that proves that there can be exciting romance even though one has raised a family , and lost a beloved long term spouse .
 Rosalind Russel has a great character in this movie . It 's definitely a feel good movie .
 I love this movie ! It is a tender and funny movie . Rosalind Russell -LRB- Mrs. Jacoby -RRB- shares her jewish traditions with a Japanese gentleman while in Japan . It is about how racism can be overcome by gentle understanding . How graceful times were . Truly a gem !
 Majority of One is an excellent classic with Rosalind Russell . My parents loved this movie and I grew up watching it . Quite different from the movies of today , that 's why this movie is such a treasure .
 I just happened to turn on the television one night looking for some great entertainment and I lucked upon this great movie showing on TCM for this first time . A Majority of One was so heart warming and reminiscent of the great movies of old that left you wanting more . After viewing the movie I immediately started searching for the movie online to purchase because I wanted my family and friends to see such a wonderful movie . To my dissatifaction Movies Unlimited did not have this movie . I have searched monthly hoping that TCM would show it again and to the present day , it has not been shown again . Only today did I order a used copy from Amazon . If you love an old fashioned love story between two unlikely characters in a far away land with great obstacles to overcome , you will love this movie . It transported me to a time when I was a child dreaming that I would find someone to love me and express it like Mr. Asano did in the movie . This is a feel good movie and will be a pleasure for the hopelessly romantics at heart .
 In 1961 Leonard Spigelgass adapted his Broadway play for the Warner Bros. film starring Rosalind Russell and Alec Guinness and directed by Mervyn LeRoy.This popular Broadway play weaves both comedic and dramatic elements to question whether individuals can overcome the mutual suspenses and prejudices that war wounds have left upon their souls.My husband and I watched this movie last night on TCM . We both thoroughly enjoyed it . An unusual story line . Alec Guinness and Rosalind Russell were old pros . They played it so well . It was enjoyable and funny watching their relationship slowly develop in spite of the odds . There were a couple of surprises especially at the end . I was taken off guard . -LRB- No spoilers here . -RRB- It was a real delight to watch on a Saturday night . Just one criticism
 This has long been one of my favorite movies - nice to be able to get it on disk - - great transaction and would buy again
 I enjoyed the movie as it was about romance and forgiveness . It was his concern not to hurt her , it was hers to understand . It was not about me , me , me . Would if I could meet a man with his manners and delicacy in matters of the heart . AND his money did n't hurt .
 One never knows when love will strike outside one 's comfort zone . Russell is a Jewish widow and Guiness a Japanese widower . They ca n't possibly fall in love or let themselves fall in love -- but they do ! Two great actors and two great performances .
 THIS VIDEO WAS ORDERED BY SOMEONE ON MY COMPUTER AS SHE DOES NOT OWN ONE . SHE IS VERY HAPPY WITH IT AND THE FACT THAT SHE RECEIVED VERY QUICKLY AFTER ORDERING SHE WILL USE AMAZON IN THE FUTURE.BRIGGS482@ROADRUNNER.COM
 I have been waiting for this movie to hit dvd for years.I was surprised by the price . You can get this movie fromWarner Bros website for only $ 19.95 . Why is Amazon making us by this dvd from a second party?When I get this dvd I will write a review.The wb website says this dvd has NOT been digitally remasteredfor this dvd.Hope this helps
 This movie is available on the Warner Archive , so it 's not a bootleg . Amazon will probably delete this review as it mentions another vendor .
 One of my favorite `` message '' movies . Roslind Russell and Alec Guiness are delightful as widow and widower who set aside the past to discover each other . Wonder if they will do a remake set in Iraq ?
 If ever there is a movie you should see add this one to your list . I own it . Too bad it is n't put on DVD . I would hate to lose it because of the tape disintegrating .
 This is the sort of romance that rarely exists today . It crosses lines of race and religion and demonstrates true love , man and woman .
 Recently saw this film for the first time on Turner Classic Movies . Wife and I had no idea it existed . She is a huge Rosalind Russell fan . Found it , bought it , love it . Recommended it to all our friends .
 I love this movie !! It is very special to me ! I was fascinated with this movie and with Japan from an early age ! This movie was actually my introduction to Japan decades ago . Then I ended up majoring in Japanese in college and living in Japan . Now I am writing a review of this movie sitting in Kawasaki , Japan ... A very sweet movie ... with famous actors ... not without its `` unpolitically correct '' moments , that were accepted decades ago , but nevertheless a very sweet movie that shows how people who care about one another do n't think about language barriers or differences in nationality . Love Love Love it !!
 Never mind that Alec Guinness plays a Japanese businessman . He does so well , you forget after awhile that he does n't look Japanese.This film , which came out in the very early 60 's I think , is based on a play by Leonard Spiegelgass . Some of the dialog by the daughter and son-in-law comes across as dated and stilted , but the performances by Guinness and Russell eclipse everything else , bringing to life a lovely story that reminds us that youth , despite its `` modernity , '' is n't wiser or smarter than experience and minds that are willing to change and grow.I 'm so glad this film has finally been put on DVD .
 I 've loved this movie forever ... watched my old VHS so much that it was beginning to look like a moth eaten rug!As ` Bertha ' says -LSB- played by Rosiland Russell -RSB- , `` It 's like a Travel-log ! '' ... a very interesting peek at the post-WWIIprocess of Japanese/American cultural assimilation as seen from the American perspective.Being a ` Trekkie ' forever , too ... see if you can ` spot ' a young George Takei ! And , Mr Takei reported in his marvelousAutobiography that Sir Alec Guinness had an awful Japanese ` accent ' ... to which I say = unless you 're Japanese , you 'll never know it ... It 's just great Guinness , great Russell , great Takei , other great character actors = a marvelous film!I decidid to ` treat ' myself to a new movie ... DVD this time ... for many more years of enjoyment !
 I was very excited to see this finally available on DVD because it is one of my favorite movies . I too am surprised by the price . I bought it on TCM for $ 19.99 -LRB- $ 24.99 with shipping -RRB- .
 This is one of my grandmother 's ALL TIME favorite films . I was so happy it finally came to DVD .
 This is a movie my mother-in-law has been looking for for 50 years ! She was so excited to get to view it again . Besides a few issues with the sound , the movie was great fun !
 What a pleasure to catch up once again with `` A Majority of One '' which has eluded me for several years . It was as I remembered and had informed a friend about . Now she and her family are able to enjoy it , too . The lines are warm and funny . Hollywood may have exaggerated to the point that a Japanese audience might not appreciate , but the story is heart warming and entertaining . Who could object to that ?
 A Majority of One is a warm , enjoyable film that evokes the slow changes of attitude toward the Japanese people after World War II . In the same family some were slower to drop their prejudices than others . Ordinary people were ahead of the officialdom in changing their attitudes . I grew up with people just like the characters in this movie and remember them well .
 I have been a big fan of the movie &#34; A Majority of One &#34; for many years . I have a &#34; tape &#34; of the movie , but was thrilled when the movie came out on DVD . Rosalind Russell is superb . The interaction between Rosalind and Alec Guiness is extremely pleasurable to watch from the time they met on the ship to their relationship in Japan . The scenes with Rosalind dressed in the Japanese Kimono were priceless . The ending was extremely enjoyable leaving the audience to draw its own conclusion on where their relationship would go .
 Love classy and classic movies ! This is a keeper ! Totally unexpected from the title , but its funny , and serious too!Not to mention a little sleuthing to figure out why one woman 's voice was so familiar , but not her face ! Turns outshe 's Mae Questel , the voice of Olive Oyl and Betty Boop !!!
 received early and it is excellent quality . great movie ! One of the best classic movies ever with lots of good humor .
 One of my all time favorites and thanks to Amazon I was finally able to et a special DVD copy . I have n't been able to see it in many many years and what a treat.I am planning on having a ladies lunch party serving both Jewish and Japanese foods and share this amazing movie with friends of mine and my daughter and her friends who have never seen it.An age old chick flick with wonderful ethical and moral lessons from two of our greatest actors , get yourself a copy prepare for a 2 hour cry and enjoy a little
 I love , love love this movie . I would definitely recommend this movie for people to watch . it is romantic , funny , just plain good
 This movie is a Classic ! So Glad to have found it :-RRB- They just do n't make movies like this any more .
 I was watching the bizarre makeup jobs in the current Cloud Atlas , in the segment set in Korea , and Hugo Weaving and Jim Sturgess are made up in what amounts to `` yellowface '' when suddenly I remembered watching A Majority of One long ago and thinking , why on earth did they put Alec Guinness in the part of the Japanese millionaire ? Back then , the answer was that people thought Alec Guinness was such a great actor he could play anything ! Even 20 years later , Guinness was being cast as a native of India in David Lean 's film of Passage to India , and it did n't really work there for him . Maybe times had changed , but even in the 60s there must have been an eyebrow or two raised up seeing Guinness acting like Peter Lorre with gray stripes painted under his eyes , and looking down at the floor instead of looking at Rosalind Russell 's face.Basically the acting is so stylized that many will not buy it , but after awhile , I just let the pleasures of the story sink in and before I knew it , my liberal tear glands had been stimulated and I was all abawl and nosedeep in Kleenexes . Watching this movie must have made Rodgers and Hammerstein wonder why they had even bothered with the sturm und drang of South Pacific , because here was South Pacific , except perfected . They must have felt like two John the Baptists preaching the coming glory of A Majority of One . In fact it 's not surprising that Hammerstein died not too long after the release of the Majority of One movie -- his work on earth complete . Maybe South Pacific does better in the scenery department , though those tragic red and yellow and blue filters are still recalled with horror by every musical fan . But at least the actors seemed like they were outside , somewhere , in South Pacific . I daresay that stage sets were used both for Brooklyn , Pan An cabin interiors , and all of Japan -- which amounts to two plain looking streets and as dockside steamer lounge . The rest of the budget for the movie must have been spent in hiring box office titans Russell and Guinness . I 'd like to say a few words concerning the performances of Madlyn Rhue and Ray Danton as Russell 's daughter and son-in-law . They are wonderfully Mad Men in their ways of dressing , speaking , and sexing it up . Danton is particular swaggers through his ambassadorial role as though he thinks he ' ; s playing the lead in a biopic about Hugh Hefner . The young actor who plays Eddie , the vicious Japanese houseboy , is worthy of a Quentin Tarantino cameo himself . He is extraordinary in his part , a shot of sheer adrenaline in a very dainty and refined picture.As many have noted , Rosalind Russell is supposed to play a Jewish widow in this movie , and she is famous for trying to relate Jewish holidays and customs to Japanese ones , as though to underline the point that it 's a small world after all . I have no idea of how to say You 're welcome in Japanese , but I expect that if ever put to the test , I would say , Do n't Touch My Mustache , since Russell advises her charges to do just that , not once , but three times in the picture . If you liked Hiroshima Mon Amour , A Majority of One might upset you with its somewhat casual attitude towards the markets opened up by the atom bomb , but there you go , you ca n't please everyone . After awhile you do notice how the movie is one big commercial for capitalism , the trade conference stuff is so boring until you realize that the whole point is that America and Japan can get along because both countries have an appreciation for getting wealthy . Would Guinness have gotten to first base with Russell had he not been a plutocrat ? Hard to say .
 This movie is just wonderful . Very enlightening , entertaining and humorous . Helps people understand boundaries . I have watched it several times and so have some of my friends . Highly recommend .
 This is one of my favorite movies . Rosalind Russell and Alex Guinness are just wonderful in it . Great movie !! I am so glad that is finally available on DVD . Thank you Amazon .
 What can I say but , `` Wow ! '' when I see something like this . This video is astounding !!!!!! First off , Kiri te Kanawa and Frederica von Stade are probably the most famous Countesses and Cherubinos around today . Dame Kiri 's , `` Dove sono '' and von Stade 's `` Voi che sapete '' -LRB- always two of my favorites -RRB- steal the show . Knut Skram , though relatively unknown , gives a great performance as Figaro - his , `` Se vuol ballare '' is now tied with Samuel Ramey 's as my favorite version of this song . Ileana Cotrubas makes a funny , playful Susanna , if a bit overshadowed by Dame Kiri . Benjamin Luxon makes an ideal Count , with a fabulous Act 3 aria , `` Vedro mentr ` io sospiro . '' The smaller parts are all quite good , especially Marius Rintzler as Bartolo - he made me laugh a million times , especially in the Act 3 Sextet . Though Sir John Pritchard may not have as tight a grip on this score as , oh , Bernard Haitink or Sir Georg Solti , but he keeps the orchestra under control well , and the sets are authentic and impressive . Here 's what to look forward to in this video
 LBZ 's Chrome and Rechromed came at a time when motocross vids had a simple formula
 I wish Amazon would let customers use 1/2 star ratings cos this is actually a 4 / 12 out of 5 ; Just short of a brilliant masterpiece in mid-80 's four to ten minute attention spans , with a fake band aping Menudo and playing a song that makes Rick Springfield sound sophisticated.I first watched this on a drunken movie night binge and we were so impressed we played it twice
 This is , put simply , one of the greatest films of all time ... if you like to watch movies while drunk and stoned ! As stated elsewhere , the movie is actually three movies with a wrap around , so it moves at an incredible , surreal clip ; lurching forward without any explanation or boring parts - decapitations , nudity , suicide cults , inexplicable behavior - all interweaven into a truly bizarre cinematic experience . The tie together , God and Satan on a train , is made sublime by the inclusion of , and I am not joking , 80 's breakdancers getting down to one of the funniest songs that will penetrate your mind -LRB- hence the title of this review -RRB- ! This is really , truly one of the great party movies and I recommend it to anyone who finds delirium in finding the strange , perverse , and Dadaish on the outer fringes of the movie watching universe . An underground cult classic .
 This is , put simply , one of the greatest films of all time ... if you like to watch movies while drunk and stoned ! As stated elsewhere , the movie is actually three movies with a wrap around , so it moves at an incredible , surreal clip ; lurching forward without any explanation or boring parts - decapitations , nudity , suicide cults , inexplicable behavior - all interwoven into a truly bizarre cinematic experience . The tie together , God and Satan on a train , is made sublime by the inclusion of , and I am not joking , 80 's breakdancers getting down to one of the funniest songs that will penetrate your mind -LRB- hence the title of this review -RRB- ! This is really , truly one of the great party movies and I recommend it to anyone who finds delirium in finding the strange , perverse , and Dadaesque on the outer fringes of the movie watching universe . An underground cult classic .
 Step 1 - Fast forward past the ultra-stupid musical sequences . Trust me , you wo n't miss them ! Step 2 - Skip the whole God / Satan philosophical debate segments . They 're boring and add nothing to the 3 actual stories . Step 3 - Take your brain out and hide it under the bed or behind a dresser . Now you 're ready ! As said in other reviews , this `` film '' is an anthology of three condensed movies that make little sense . However , they are a lot of fun to watch ! Yes , the demonic bug , rattling head , claymation monsters , and maniacal Richard Moll are all highlights . Sit there stunned , watching a flurry of naked babes , blood , torture , mad science , nazis , and a secret death club ! If Ed Wood were alive , he 'd weep w / joy ! Watch it now ! ...
 Released in ' 84 , `` Night Train To Terror '' was an instant late night horror cult classic . It enjoyed a following in its day although it has gone on the wayside . But anyone interested in cult classics of horror will really find this rare find appealing . The movie is a series of vignettes , three major cases argued by God and the Devil as a group of punk rockers ride an evening train . Warning
 God , the devil , and a hip 80s new wave band hang out together on a train . God and the devil debate the value of humanity , while watching clips from 3 other movies , 2 of which feature `` bull '' from nightcourt , with hair . Disgusting gore , topless girls , tacky claymation , its got all you could want and more !
 BRILLIANT!Does rings around most h orror films of it 's genre.Now If o nly the video distributors would t ake heart and re-release it alread y !! It 's a must-have for any horror fan to add to their video collecti on !! 4 star entertainment!THUMBS UP TERROR TRAIN !!!
 Riding on the coattails of movies such as Halloween , I found terror train to be head and shoulders above most of the early 80 's slasher flicks . Its really too bad that most video stores do n't carry this anymore . Fans of Jamie Lee Curtis ' scream queen days wo n't be disappointed .
 Well , I 'm very sure that by today 's horror standards , Night Train To Terror , released in 1984 , is tame , but there were moments in the film that were genuinely frightening in its intensity . On DVD , it has been restored to look crisp and new , with great sound . It all begins with a train ride where abet between God and the Devil , a classic theological theme -LRB- as presented in the Book of Job -RRB- triggers a series of horror vignettes . The struggle between good and evil abounds in these stories . The first tale is of a man who becomes a guinea pig for a group of doctors who cut off body parts -LRB- without anesthesia -RRB- to sell them off to schools . The second story is about a wayward young girl who gets trapped in the world of pornography and a deadly cult who play a fatal game of Russian Roulette . This particular one is awfully disturbing , especially a scene in which a Jimmy Hendrix type is electrocuted to a crisp . This material is R-rated and I sense this film probably aired late nights on TV or cable in the 80 's . The last story is about a courageous woman whose husband is the Devil incarnate who was also a former Nazi officer . The heroine defeats the devil with a box made of the True Cross . The whole thing is a mixture of cult campiness and 80 's nostalgia . The song `` Dance With Me '' is straight out of early MTV as the young kids dance on the train that is awaiting a collision . Not for the faint of heart .
 This is a wonderful movie , in fact it was so compelling that three hours flew by and I found myself not wanting it to end.Overall it 's a quiet film with thoughtful performances and seems to be sincere in its attempt to show the central role of King Ludwig of Bavaria as a very sensitive , sad , ultimately self destructive King who loved art and music more than his throne . Here he is gently underplayed by Berger whose dignified portrayal is one of his best performances.Whether madness or medicine we will never know but our sympathy for this tormented man is enlisted from the start . How much is historically accurate I am not sure but it seems to follow the well known facts and presents them dressed in all the splendour of the day.Visconti strikes the right note from the very start with sumptuous costumes , ultra romantic settings , and beautiful actors - he has a craftsman 's grip on his subject and never once does he allow the film to descend into a clich&eacute;d costume drama , nor does the usually irritating dubbing have any detrimental effect on the overall enjoyment of this film - all this accompanied by the strains of Wagner 's monumental music and what more could you ask for?The DVD is value for money , picture quality and sound are excellent and there is a bonus disc containing a documentary on Visconti . A must have for any serious movie collection .
 I was fascinated and amazed by this movie which evokes so perfectly what I have learned of this intriguing king during visits to Bavaria and his castles and what I 've read about him . His rather sad life and mysterious , tragic death vie with his extravagance and at times to his duties as King . His relationship with Wagner was most interesting and clearly each `` fed '' off the other - the King wanting this connection with the artist whose work he so admired and the composer who frankly needed the money and did n't like to live in penury.The stage musical Ludwig II , performed for some years in the specially-constructed memorial theatre in Fussen , was equally fascinating , with some clever on-stage ideas and glorious music . A show well worth seeing if you ever get the chance.Both highly recommended .
 Luchino Visconti ' s cinematography is extremely interesting to analyze because of the fact , he is just one of the few directors in the cinema ' s history that demands from the viewer a compelling vision , that ranges an impressive sort of artistic disciplines , -LRB- such as Robert Bresson , Andrei Tarkovsky , Carl Dreyer , David Ward Griffith , Jean Renoir among the most representative ones -RRB- who embodied what Wagner meant by total art.In this sense , Ludwig is one of the most ambitious films ever made . You must be prepared to watch a movie that tells us a story enrooted in a crucial historical period , so you must know what happened in Germany after the 1848 ' s conflict , the life of Richard Wagner , the complex relations between him and Nietzsche , the historical moment is determinant , Wagner is preparing his Tristan , but the main aspect to remark is that possibly as never before we have the most brutal portrait of any other monarch before the art after the bloody French revolution , Visconti becomes aware his tribulations , grandness delirious , as well as his gradual breakthrough with his surrounding and ominous reality , his interior conflicts , his not corresponded love with his cousin ; so lyrically expressed by Visconti through an emblematic game of shades and lights , his efforts for trying to return the art its authentic importance into the social body , Ludwig is conscious about that ; all of us know about how the trivialization of the arts achieved an undeserved place around the world . To restore the antique dignity and sheer relevance to the art was the main reason that led Ludwig to build Bayreuth in 1876 for Wagner 's sake.And Visconti - who also was a true aristocrat of the visual arts - you may realize about his visible sumptuousness , the winged elegance in what his characters displace , the particular tempo in which Visconti displays the story , the breathtaking landscapes , the formidable angle shots and the poetic language makes an artistic wholeness in which the voluptuousness , solitude , desperation and decadence are certainly a part of it.So , when you are ready to watch this supreme artistic legacy , take your time and get into an universe completely different . There have been two notable directors in the actuality who have been captivated for Visconti ' style , because they are aware how effective and expressive results
 Three stars about the best film of all times . Americans are dumb , but this from San Diego is the `` dumbest '' !!! Santa simplicitas !
 An amazing all star cast show off serious acting chops in a dark drama/thriller told in segments and concentrating on different points of view and experiences revolving around the death of a young woman . Harrowing , moving , and suspenseful , the films draws a sudden and suprising conclusion that is both realistic and shocking . A great character piece that paints complicated portraits of its character both both good , bad , and neurotic . I would describe the film as being very dark but told with such conviction and lack of heavy handiness that it 's also very entertaining . Toni Collete as always gives an incredible performance alongside quasi walking legend Piper Laurie , Mary Steenburgen , Giovanni Ribisi , Kerry Washington , and many others including stand out performances by an amazing Mary Beth Hurt and a right on target Brittany Murphy -LRB- nobody does almost-insane and/or drugged out better than her -RRB- . A good film elevated by an amazing cast and inspired performances .
 Absolutely the most remarkable piece of cinema I 've seen all year , and one of those rare gems that gives us reason for hope - there actually are brilliant directors and cinematographers out there even though they toil in the fields of low pay and unrecognition . As other reviewers have mentioned it seems unbelievable that I 'd never heard a word about this film ... but of course I know much more than I need to know about Spiderman 12 and Pirates of the Caribbean 9 , all of it drilled into my skull every hour of every day for weeks.There 's not a note of music , a sound , a line , an expression or a bit of body language in this deeply moving film that does n't ring true . Welcome to the real Los Angeles.Karen Moncrieff deserved or deserves an Oscar for Best Director , and I doubt there 's any film that can match this one for such unfailing brilliant performances by an obviously dedicated cast.If you 're serious about films , do n't miss The Dead Girl . It 's a hard one to shake off .
 Karen Moncrief has written and directed this terrifying , searching , agonizing , and exceptionally fine story of the responses of five different people to the discovery of a dead girl . By dividing her story into chapters named after The Stranger , The Daughter , The Mother , The Wife , The Sister , and The Dead Girl she offers us fully realized characters , each of whom is affected by the opening discovery of a mutilated young dead girl 's body . The technique of non-linear film is not new , but Moncrief raises it to a new , powerful level , a fact that makes this film one of the more sophisticated and successful of the past few years.Arden -LRB- Toni Collette -RRB- is a homely frail girl who accidentally discovers the dead girl , taking a necklace from the corpse before reporting the discovery to the police . She is a caretaker for an invalid , foul-mouthed cruel mother -LRB- Piper Laurie -RRB- who berates Arden for being so ugly and for involving them in a murder case . Arden flees , meets The Stranger Rudy -LRB- Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- , a tattooed , scary appearing guy who is attracted to Arden because she appears so innocent . He courts her with tales of serial killer manners and yet eventually gains Arden 's fractured self-perception trust with physical contact . The next chapter introduces Leah -LRB- Rose Byrne -RRB- who works with Derek -LRB- James Franco -RRB- in the mortuary where the dead girl 's body has been deposited for autopsy . Leah discovers markings on the dead girl that convince her this is the sister who has been missing for 15 years , a fact that her parents -LRB- Mary Steenburgen and Bruce Davison -RRB- refuse to accept . Leah 's tenuous hold on reality is altered by Derek 's consolation and physical attention.The Wife episode offers a view of Mary -LRB- Mary Beth Hurt -RRB- and Carl -LRB- Nick Searcy -RRB- , a married couple with mutual distrust
 My husband could n't handle this movie - he left the room and had nightmares all night . The next day , neither of us could get this film out of our heads . The acting is incredible ; it is a dark , foreboding film that you know will have no happy ending . Brittany Murphy - who plays the drug-addicted prostitute found dead - should get an Oscar for this film . If the studio does n't fight for her nomination it is a crime against art.This film is riveting , and yet , I have to warn anyone who is extra sensitive to be prepared
 After reading the little explanation of this movie I decided to give it a go . Very glad I did.This movie is reminiscent of ` Wicker Park ' . It tells a story from a number of vantage points without ever losing the base plot . Very difficult deed ! And very well executed.Other reviewers have gone over the plot , so I wo n't do that . I will say that every actor is in prime form , I honestly could n't pick one from the other as far as contributing their skills to this movie . The photography , sets , music/sound ... . it all comes together here!The story is absolutly intriguing and gripping . I was taken in with the first vignette , with Toni Colette who is one of my favorites . The story never loses pace and branches out in a decided and careful manner as to complete the telling and bring everything full circle.I highly recommend this movie above most others I have seen lately . Top notch performances really take this a step above the rest .
 A `` small '' movie filled with big names and small and many outstanding performances . Perhaps the most noteworthy performance - Mary Beth Hurt as the wife of a serial killer . Highly recommended .
 Several seemingly unrelated individual vignettes culminate to form THE DEAD GIRL , including a piece on the victim herself.The first story surrounds the mundane and abusive life of Arden -LRB- Toni Collette , Little Miss Sunshine -RRB- . Mrs. Collette gives a stunningly fine dramatic performance , moving fully away from her recent comedic roles . She is the discoverer of the dead girl 's body , but she does n't report it right away . Found not far from her shabby home where she lives with her scornful mother , Arden takes a few mementoes away from the dead girl 's final resting place before notifying the police . Her mother is livid about Arden 's find and just wished that she 'd left the dead girl alone without telling anyone about her . There is an unseen tie between Arden and her mother -LRB- played by Piper Laurie -RRB- , but the death of an infant -LRB- probably Arden 's -RRB- is quickly surmised . This `` other death '' eats at Arden and her mother 's relationship , feeding guilt to one and anger to the other . Arden 's celebrity status -LRB- `` That 's the one who found the dead girl '' -RRB- also peaks the love interest of Rudy -LRB- Giovanni Ribisi ,10 th and Wolf -RRB- , a town local who soon learns how mentally damaged Arden really is.The effect of the dead girl is then transferred to the medical examiner 's office where we meet Leah -LRB- Rose Byrne ,28 Weeks Later -RRB- . Leah -LRB- an M.E. herself -RRB- , along with her mother and father , have yet to come to grips with the disappearance of Leah 's sister some 15 years earlier . Leah believes the dead girl to be her long , lost sibling while her mother and father -LRB- especially her mother -RRB- refuse to believe it . The family tension is palpable here and much credit must go to director Karen Moncrieff for `` keeping it real . `` We then run into Carl -LRB- a distant husband played by Nick Searcy -RRB- and his wife Ruth -LRB- Mary Beth Hurt , Lady in the Water -RRB- . Ruth is terribly embittered because of Carl 's absences , and she believes her strong religious philosophies are being tested when she finds some disturbing clues as to Carl 's activities while he 's away . It is Carl whom you want to keep a close eye on throughout the film.The discovery as to the dead girl 's true identity is finally meted out and her mother , Melora -LRB- Marcia Gay Harden -RRB- comes to I.D. the body and discover why her daughter ran away from home . Guilt , shame , fear , and redemption await those who stick it out and finish watching what happens to Melora as she learns the truth behind her daughter 's roughshod life and what lay beyond her final resting place.And then we get to meet Krista -LRB- Brittany Murphy , Happy Feet -RRB- , The Dead Girl herself . Interlocking all the other storylines with Krista is a pretty phenomenal piece of cinematic work , and it is done effortlessly . The connections are made in whiplash quick fashion so watching the final segment may take a few viewings before all watchers actually `` get it . '' Krista 's prostitute life is not relegated to `` the hooker with a heart of gold '' cliche . She is not the best person to hang around with , but she is a `` real '' human being who makes poor decisions , good ones , and one , final , fatal choice.The Dead Girl is not a thriller . It does n't show the murder nor have men with chainsaws jumping out from behind trees to cut-up our nearly naked victim . It is a slow immersion into the terrible lives of these messed up folks . Do n't get me wrong
 This film , divided into 5 separate stories about a murder , begins with the discovery of a mangled woman in a field . The lonely woman who finds the body is abruptly liberated from her drab existence . The forensic examiner too is liberated from her own demons after her examination of the body . The toughest story to take , for this reviewer , is the tale of the murderer 's wife who can not bring herself to report the crimes she knows her husband committed despite her unpleasant life with him - she will enable him to continue his miserable activities - a baffling & disturbing enigma . The mother of the victim fearlessly seeks the truth about her troubled , lost daughter 's life including the shocking discovery of why the girl left home in the first place . Above all the best segment is the last ... the actual experiences of the victim during her last days alive.A well acted , dark & mysterious movie ... a bit depressing yet there are small rays of hope . The story 's ending is not quite `` wrapped up '' ... nothing 's finalized , but rather what happens next is left for the viewer to imagine.Not good to view if you 're looking for something uplifting - it shows too much of the seamy side of life . A good movie if you want a unique murder mystery .
 This was a very depressing movie just in the subject matter
 THE DEAD GIRL is an interesting new take on an exhausted genre . Since THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS nearly 20 years ago , we have been bombarded with the serial killer in film over and over . Sometimes something good like SEVEN comes along , but most of the time its by-the-book blood and mayhem that only gives a lame story a convenient excuse . Oh , it 's a serial killer.In this movie , we travel back and forth in time to see how one really messed-up girl 's murder affects friends , family and total strangers.If two of the stories had better conclusions -LRB- not easier , just better -RRB- , I would 've given this movie 5 stars . The first one , THE STRANGER , is interesting and definitely well-acted ... but it just stops , it does n't end . I wanted to know more . I was hoping for something better for her . Same for THE WIFE . Mary Beth Hurt plays a middle-aged house frau who watches her sinister husband go out night after night , leaving her to keep their miserable , loveless lives going . She thinks he 's just frequenting prostitutes ... until she finds a dresser filled with bloody trophies like slashed underwear . -LRB- I did n't even know it was Ms. Hurt until the end titles ! I remember lusting after her as the girlfriend/wife from THE WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP back in ' 82 ! She really becomes this sad character in this movie . -RRB- I guess the complaint I have is that these two stories did n't give me enough of these characters . And I wanted more.The other stories are filled with authentic performances and gritty details . Unfortunately , I knew a girl just like The Dead Girl . Fortunately , she pulled it together ... and survived the streets . But she could 've ended up like the girl in this movie.You never see The Dead Girl 's murder . Or see Ashley Judd or Morgan Freeman heading up the investigation to bring the killer in , or any investigation , for that matter . But you do see how far reaching a senseless murder can go and the damage it does beyond its sad victim .
 The cast is amazing !!! Brittany Murphy , Toni Collette , Marcia Gay Harden , James Franco , and kerry washington are all amazing . Brittany Murphy is astounding and so is Mary Beth Hurt ... one of the best movies I have seen in a while
 Brittany Murphy is so good in good roles . In 8 Mile , she was a great love interest , in this movie , she and the entire case -LRB- Collette -RRB- are stupendous . What grips you is the way this story is told , knowing the ending before then end , and the truth in pieces . This is a great movie , we need more like it .
 It 's definitely one of the best movies I have seen in the past 5 years . Amazing performances , great cast and story .
 I really liked the unusual way this story was done . I like movies that make you think . I feel the characters were portraied perfectly by the actors excellent cast . Very different ! Wendy
 There are no rays of sunshine in `` The Dead Girl '' . There is n't one character who is n't tragically flawed ; instead , the film presents an unbroken chain of murky , polluted existences . Few of the characters even exhibit a potential for improving themselves or their lives . The movie is almost beyond depressing , because it 's all too real.Within this web of misery , there are some strong acting performances . Old pros Piper Laurie and Mary Beth Hurt portray grasping , whiny matriarchs . Toni Colette shines as a trampled flower of a character , a shy woman who hides a masochistic streak . And Brittany Murphy -- yes , the much-maligned Brittany Murphy -- is extremely good as the hard-living murder victim -LRB- seen in retrospect -RRB- . Director Karen Moncrieff purposely dispenses with all the cliches that allow viewers to vicariously enjoy `` serial killer '' flicks . There are no super-monsters like Hannibal Lecter , pursued by heroic FBI profilers . Instead we get a pool of unrelenting squalor , and the characters who swim through it , trying to stay afloat.In the words of Friedrich Nietzsche , `` Human , all too human . '' Those looking for virtue need go elsewhere .
 I 'll admit that I only bought this movie because James Franco was in it . I do enjoy his looks , but he is a strong actor that has intrigued me over the years . That being said , his part was n't the biggest , nor was it the best . He did the best he could with the part given , but his segment -LRB- the movie is divided into 5 segments -RRB- was mainly focused on Rose Byrne 's story . She gives an excellent performance , likely the best in the film.The 4 remaining performances , all centered on women , are held together by strong female performances . I found Toni Collette 's part to be the most emotionally touching , and Brittany Murphy does a good job as well . She was a bit over indulgent at times , but I have always admired her acting skills . This movie was no exception.Overall , the movie was pretty depressing . The story was moving and engrossed me , but I ca n't say that I would recommend it unless you are a die hard fan of one of the actors . The plot is interesting , but the acting is the real story .
 In the past year I 've watched The Junebug , Vera Drake , and then the Dead Girl . All three movies are tremendous character studies . The Dead Girl is uncompromisingly dark . There is no comic relief , no moments of hope . The shock of the movie is the beginning scene , and from there the movie moves slowly down to its inescapable ending.Most of the characters are drowning in their inability to cope with their lives . One woman in a miserable marriage destroys evidence that would implicate her husband in a hideous crime . She would rather continue living with this monster than be alone . Another woman who shows great kindness to others is married to a child molester . A third character showers her daughter with unbelievable verbal abuse . The seriously flawed and failing woman who is the dead girl comes across as one of the few likable people in this film.Most of these people are sinking in the quicksand of life . Yet this is a fascinating piece of work , and the actors are masterful . If you enjoy this movie -LRB- is `` enjoy '' really the right word to use ? -RRB- you should also see Junebug , and Vera Drake . Do n't see all three at one time , though . You might have to start taking anti-depressants .
 Awsome cast . This movie will stay with you long after its over . Murphy and Brolin are both great in this . I had to spring for the collectors version !
 I loved this movie , it had so many different characters just crying out for help/understanding .
 `` The Dead Girl '' is one of the most amazing films I 've ever seen . It combines elements from American Beauty and Pulp Fiction but manages to maintain a style all its own.The 5-6 subplots are intricately woven to surprise and touch the audience . My wife and I LOVED this movie for its ingenuiety and mystery . Marcia Gay Harden offers a particularly moving performance , as do Collette Black and Brittany Murphy .
 The acting
 I rented this at BLockbuster , and loved it . I actually waited until they decided to sell it , but bought it on amazon -LRB- much cheaper I might add -RRB- instead . I loved the movie . I thought it was dark and I liked the way the cast entertwined . The other reviews tell too much of the movie , but if you like dark , compelling films that make you say ... wow , and think about the characters when its over this is a good film for you .
 The blurb on this DVD jacket implies the movie is a forensic science mystery . This is very misleading . Do n't get this movie if that would be your sole interest in it . Yes , a body is discovered here , and there is a scene or two showing the Medical Examiner probing the corpse for clues . But these scenes are minor moments in the film . This movie is essentially about the transformations wrought in the people surrounding the dead girl.It 's all women who are shown being touched by the death . So for some viewers , that might skew this movie in the direction of being a `` chick flick . '' But the film is actually in a genre all its own , beyond classification.In the sort of flat commentary that 's included in the bonus materials , filmmaker Karen Monrieff steers us to the conclusion that these are stories about redemption . She suggests that the transformations catalyzed by the girl 's death are all positive ones . One proposed subtitle for the film is
 I was at first put off by the title and premise of this film , but after reading so many positive reviews from credible sources , I thought I would give the film a look . It is definitely a film you have to be in the mood for , and you will most likely be in a mood for a while after seeing it.It is a film divided into 5 stories whose respective main characters - on the surface - seem to have no direct relation to those in the other stories , yet they all do have a connection to the central plot which is interwoven into each of the stories.The first story deals with the incidental discovery of the title character 's corpse by Arden -LRB- Toni Collette -RRB- who is a lonely and socially handicapped care-giver for an abusive relative -LRB- Piper Laurie -RRB- whose sadism and cruelty is limited only by her physical disability . During the course of her mundane and miserable day , Arden also achieves two other relatively significant -LRB- though still somewhat troubling in their manner -RRB- milestones in her otherwise bleak and dismal life.Another chapter features a medical student -LRB- Rose Byrne -RRB- working a shift in the Coroner 's office . When a young woman 's corpse turns up at the morgue , there are indications that lead the med student to believe that the body might be that of her long-missing sister , who disappeared when they were children . Her need and efforts to find out the truth of the matter becomes a consuming obsession with her own emotional well-being at stake.The next vignette features a dysfunctional couple - presumably married -LRB- though possibly common law -RRB- - whereby the woman -LRB- Mary Beth Hurt -RRB- is alternately a passive-aggressive nag and whining martyr-wannabe and inveterate enabler who is annoying from the get-go . The man -LRB- Nick Searcy -RRB- is a no-account , shiftless loser with a penchant for impromptu , late-night travels that last for days and offer few details . Although his mannerisms are less grating and more reserved than hers , there are eerie inferences that he may possess another side to his otherwise banal disposition.The fourth story features a woman -LRB- Marcia Gay Harden -RRB- who has been informed that the body of a young woman found dead has been identified as that of her daughter . The grieving woman travels across the country from her small town to the seedy and lurid underbelly of the big city . It is during this heartbreaking trek that she begins to take on the role of ad hoc gumshoe , in order to find out as much information as she can about her deceased daughter . During the course of her inquiries , she discovers that she has a granddaughter who she then becomes determined to find.Finally , there is the last vignette featuring a young woman -LRB- Brittany Murphy -RRB- who is in single-minded , reckless pursuit of two quests of very different purposes and natures.The characters in the film are a departure from the standard Hollywood fare of likable , affable , and heroic protagonists . Of these , only the dead girl 's mother is one the audience can really connect with and feel a sense of empathy as well as sympathy towards . She is not necessarily imbued with any particular strengths or exceptional character traits , but she is a decent and compassionate person who has suffered a great deal , first from the news of her daughter 's death and then from the revelations about her daughter 's life . A few others - such as the father -LRB- Bruce Davison -RRB- of the missing girl , and possibly the co-worker -LRB- James Franco -RRB- of the missing girl 's sister - could also possibly be considered likable , though the audience really does n't get much of a chance to know them . A few others can be considered sympathetic , such as the missing girl 's mother -LRB- Mary Steenbergen -RRB- , whose efforts to maintain a seemingly incessant -LRB- if not convincing -RRB- air of hope for her missing daughter still being alive have an almost oppressive effect on her other daughter 's efforts to accept the tragedy and begin the slow and painful but necessary process of healing by accepting and moving forth . It is a strange but coldly pragmatic paradigm in which the sister 's hopes and optimism hinge on confirmation of her sibling 's death rather than embracing the remote possibility that she may still be alive . These two women can be considered sympathetic , but this is most likely borne out of our empathy for them rather than any particular virtue they display.Other characters invoke ambivalence at best , such as a creepy convenience store clerk -LRB- effortlessly played by Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- who in spite of his interest in serial murder cases and trivia , is the only source of positive attention -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- that Arden seems to receive . Although one is inclined to feel pity for Arden 's deplorable situation , she also tends to alienate the audience with her own considerable personality shortcomings . Another character who does n't quite seem to inspire sympathy or enmity is Rosetta -LRB- Kerry Washington -RRB- , a junkie & prostitute whose nihilistic outlook and self-destructive lifestyle have reduced her soul to a mere husk . The remaining characters in the film evoke utter contempt or outright abhorrence for their despicable lack of morality and/or their actions which run the gamut from appalling to horrific.Finally , a mention of praise for Brittany Murphy . She portrays a very different type of character than what she has done previously , although it is ironically just a minor supporting role . Yet , for those of us who have always liked and remembered Brittany Murphy for her familiar combination of quirky humor and offbeat beauty , this role is a big departure which pays off as a gamble for displaying her range of characters and acting ability . She even undergoes such a different physical appearance for the role that it takes a fraction of a moment to remember that it is her and not another actress . Her character in this film is not a likable or even a very sympathetic one , although she is not completely without a potentially redeeming quality.This film is well made , in terms of both technical competence and artistic merit . The writing and direction are skillful . The acting is effective , and in some cases engaging . However , it is more thought-provoking and emotionally evocative than it is likable . Due to the brutally unsentimental content and thoroughly depressing nature of the stories , this film 's appeal may be limited.In fact , it is a film that will be more likely appreciated rather than enjoyed .
 Written and directed by Karen Moncrieff , this film tells a darkly disturbing story about the murder of a young woman . Told in five separate episodes , each with a different point of view , the film represents murder not as a plot device but as something closer to what it is in actuality - a brutal ending of a life with an impact that reaches far beyond the victim and in unexpected ways.As written by Moncrieff , much of the film is about tortured and deeply conflicted relationships between mothers and daughters . Performances are provided by a cast of mostly seasoned actors , the most moving of them being Marcia Gay Harden , who gives a devastatingly understated portrayal of the victim 's mother . While all the episodes are unnerving , perhaps the darkest is the gradual revelation of the killer . The DVD includes a director 's commentary , plus short interviews with the director and several cast members .
 Picked up this movie because of the known actors , had no idea what it was about whatsoever . Just like everyone else 's review you have five different stories that all revolve around the dead girl . This movie has excellent acting , depressing stories and overall brilliant ideas . I could see some people not wanting to watch a depressing movie but this one was right up my alley . I would say that everyone I know would love this movie . I have n't seen Crash yet but I hear this is similar as far editing and I hear Crash is a great film . I you 're into movies that have multiple stories going on try ` Go ' or most Tarentino films . This film is not for minors due to nudity , violance , drugs etc. .
 I really liked this movie . I ca n't say I loved it because it was so depressing but it 's one you want to see more than once . Unfortunately in today 's world I found the movie very believable and very realistic . Will definitely add it to my movie collection .
 `` The Dead Girl '' offers a rather unexpected piece of storytelling . Actor-turned-filmmaker Karen Moncrieff knocked the wind out of my sails with Blue Car , her 2002 debut about a teenager who transforms a troubled home life into an uncanny ability to write poetry . After working on episodes of Six Feet Under and the woefully short-lived American version of Touching Evil , Moncrieff returns with an even more impressive feature about a young woman who , as the title suggests , is n't quite as lucky at escaping the dark elements of her existence.Unlike Rashomon , that great Japanese film in which a crime is recalled differently by a number of witnesses , `` The Dead Girl '' uses the victim as a trigger to ignite each part of the movie . The titular prostitute is played by Brittany Murphy , though we mostly view her as a corpse -LRB- it 's her best performance ever ! -RRB- because Moncrieff unfurls the tale in a series of vignettes that show the impact her death has on people she 's never spoken to or even met . Like , for example , the person who discovers the body -LRB- Toni Collette -RRB- or the morgue worker who is forced to re-open some upsetting familial wounds.First we meet Arden -LRB- Toni Collette -RRB- , a shy spinster who suffers daily humiliation from her demanding invalid mother -LRB- Piper Laurie , doing a riff on her crazy-mama shtick from Brian De Palma 's Carrie -RRB- . However , Arden 's bleak existence gets considerably more interesting after she finds a dead body covered with ants . She even becomes daring enough to take up with an aggressive stranger -LRB- Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- , and we ca n't help worrying that he might be the killer . Next , our attention shifts to Leah -LRB- Rose Byrne -RRB- , who works in the morgue and thinks the corpse might be her missing sister . And our heart goes out to this sad , neglected daughter of a mother -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- obsessed with finding her long-lost child . We are then allowed a harrowing glimpse into Ruth 's -LRB- Mary Beth Hurt -RRB- extremely unhappy marriage to Carl -LRB- Nick Searcy -RRB- , who frequently leaves her alone while he takes mysterious trips . When Ruth finds evidence to implicate her husband in the serial killing of young girls , we wonder what she will do about it and are shocked at how she handles her horrific discovery . The fourth segment centers on Melora 's -LRB- Marcia Gay Harden -RRB- efforts to deal with her devastating guilt over failing to listen to her daughter -LRB- Brittany Murphy -RRB- and her search for a little granddaughter -LRB- Elle Fanning -RRB- she did n't know existed.Finally , we discover what really happened to ` the dead girl ' as well as the misery this murder caused her close friend Rosetta -LRB- Kerry Washington , wonderful but barely recognizable in this role -RRB- . You may wonder why such a group of actors would flock to a little-known filmmaker like Moncrieff as if she were Spielberg or Scorsese , but the work they do for her puts a feather in each of their caps so there should be no regrets . The female performances are what really save this film . Even with a weak screenplay , the ladies never fail while bringing to the screen their characters . `` The Dead Girl '' is a very unconventional way to tell a story we 've seen about a million times , and for that -LRB- along with the lean 94-minute running time -RRB- , I am thankful . Keep an eye on Moncrieff - she 's the real deal .
 This movie is definitely not for everyone . It presents a dark , disturbing reality that left me moved and haunted for several days . The movie is so well made , though , in just about every theatrical aspect , that I have to rate it highly . I usually do n't care for a movie that is presented in segments or chapters , but this movie 's form of storytelling is masterfully accomplished at the hands of its director . Acting performances are outstanding . I walked away with both a lot of emotions and a lot to ponder after seeing this picture ... a sign of excellence in my book . Just do n't view this if you are looking for something light or uplifting .
 When I rented this movie I did n't realize it was the stories of different women and how one murder links them all . It begins with Toni Collette as a shy caretaker of an abusive old woman . When she finds the body of the murdered woman she is shocked and fascinated . She realizes that life is too short to be sitting in one place letting other people make you feel worthless and she acts . The movie continues with the ME preparing the body . The ME thinks that the dead girl could be her missing sister . Her life and that of her family has been frozen since her sister went missing . Her parents wo n't accept that their daughter might be dead . This weighs heavily on their remaining daughter who only wants to get on with her life , but this obsession with finding her sister overwhelms her . We also get to meet the dead woman 's mother , her roommate , and the dead girl herself . I 've never seen a movie quite like this and I found it an interesting character study and mystery .
 Short Attention Summary Span :1 . There is a girl who is found dead by a caretaker . It turns out that the caretaker has an abusive mother , and finding the dead girl is a catalyst for her moving out and starting her own life .2 . It was initially thought by a family that the dead girl was their own -LRB- long missing daughter -RRB- . It turned out to not be -- but this was not enough to stop the surviving daughter from bringing closure to a long and painful ordeal .3 . From there , we move to an unhappily married husband and wife . The husband disappears for long periods of time with no explanations . It happens just by chance one day that the wife finds that the husband is killer by fortuitous discovery of the evidence that he has kept for his crimes . She does not report him to the police and burns the evidence .4 . The movie then goes into the mother -LRB- of the murdered girl -RRB- going back and finding out what kind of life her daughter lived -- and what drover her away from home . Along the way , she finds that the daughter had a child -- that she decides to keep .5 . Finally , we get to see the events leading up to the death of the girl -LRB- her life as a prostitute -RRB- and it is proved that the man that we saw earlier was indeed the killer.Comments : This was a brilliant film . Brillant writing and brilliant acting .1 . There were several plots and several resolutions , but they were introduced one at a time . Many movies that have several subplots make the resolutions all at once in the end . But these resolutions were made at the end of every vignette and that made for a refreshing change .2 . The film was obviously lower budget , but the acting and writing made up for that . -LRB- This is as opposed to a lot of films that have a high budget that ca n't cover up a crappy plot . -RRB- 3 . There were a lot of unresolved elements -- which was somewhat unsatisfying . But on the other hand , the fact that these existed prevented the movie from being hackneyed .4 . The acting was generally very strong and the characters were well cast and very believable.This is worth an evening movie ticket .
 This is very interesting film that is really five stories in one . A dead girl is found and each story is effected by this in one way or another . A great cast and honest dialogue make this one well worth your time . The film is ultimately sad and depressing , but each story is very interesting . With a cast featuring Toni Collette , Giovanni Ribisi , Piper Laurie and many other talents how can you go wrong ?
 I 'm stunned that I had never heard of this excellent film until discovering it by accident -LRB- on a friend 's coffee table while housesitting -RRB- . What I thought might be an intersting little drama actually turned out to be a powerful , devastating and engrossing film . Filled with powerhouse actors , this film shows the affect a vicious murder has on a variety of people , from the stranger who discovers the body -LRB- Toni Colette -RRB- , to the dead girl 's naive , devastated mother -LRB- Marcia Gay Harden -RRB- to the doomed , damaged girl herself -LRB- Britney Murphy -RRB- . Every one of the film 's vignettes is both brutal and tender , filled with stories of desperation , sex , death and redemption . This is easily the best film of its kind I 've seen since `` Monster 's Ball '' . Why did n't this film get more attention ? It deserves it .
 Sent this one to a friend and she was enthralled . It arrived fast and was enjoyed as a gift . FYI
 The Dead Girl -LRB- 2006 -RRB- is a thoughtful and poignant film that features five separate stories that are all related to a single event , the murder of a young woman . Written by Karen Moncrieff , the stories resonate and touch the heart to varying degrees , while mostly reflecting a female point of view . The sensitivity of the writing and the meaty characters , are no doubt why the film garnered such a superb cast , and contains such deep and emotional performances . While there are more than a few convenient coincidences , and some segments are stronger than others , the overall story holds together nicely , and presents a unique perspective of a tragedy . Most who view the film ca n't help but be touched to some extent . -LRB- Some mild spoilers follow -RRB- The story is told non-chronologically , and begins with `` The Stranger '' , where a woman named Arden -LRB- Toni Collette -RRB- discovers the dead body of a woman on the farm where she lives with her invalid mother -LRB- Piper Laurie -RRB- . After being interviewed on the news , Arden becomes something of a celebrity , a fact that results in only scorn and criticism from her tyrannical and controlling mother . Arden 's notoriety leads to her being asked on a date by Rudy -LRB- Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- a mildly creepy supermarket clerk , which in turn opens a whole new page in both Arden 's and her mother 's life.Coincidence plays a major factor in `` The Sister '' as Leah -LRB- Rose Byrne -RRB- , a medical student working in the medical examiner 's office , believes that the dead woman is her sister , who mysteriously disappeared some 15 years ago . Leah 's family has never recovered from the tragedy , an event that still weighs heavily on them all.In `` The Wife '' , Mary Beth Hurt plays Ruth , a woman who discovers evidence that her husband Carl -LRB- Nick Searcy -RRB- , who runs a warehouse storage business , is a serial killer . When Ruth confronts him , he admits nothing . Now Ruth must decide what to do.There are probably few , who would not be truly moved by Marcia Gay Harden 's heartbreaking performance as Melora Kutcher in `` The Mother '' . Harden plays the mother of the dead woman , who has been identified as her daughter Krista . Looking for some closure Melora visits the dingy apartment where Krista lived with her roommate Rosetta -LRB- Kerry Washington -RRB- . The crushing emotional burden of knowing that her daughter was murdered and left naked in a field , gets even heavier when she learns from Rosetta that Krista was a prostitute . One more shock is coming her way , when she discovers that Krista was the mother of a little girl , who is now alone in the world . `` The Dead Girl '' brings the story almost full circle , as we follow Krista -LRB- Brittany Murphy -RRB- on the last day of her life . She has bought a doll as a birthday present for her daughter , who is staying at a nearby town with a sitter . It 's too late to have the doll delivered , so she plans to get a ride and deliver it personally . The nature of Krista 's relationship with her roommate Rosetta is clarified , as at the end of a tumultuous day Krista finds herself hitchhiking in need of a ride , when Carl happens by and picks her up.A multi-faceted tale that revolves around a sad tragic event , The Dead Girl pushes a number of emotional buttons , as Karen Moncrieff 's terrific screenplay brings forth a number of powerful performances , with Marcia Gay Harden , Mary Beth Hurt , and the late Brittany Murphy , perhaps shining the brightest among them . The Dead Girl is hardly a feel good experience , but is a film is well worth your time .
 I really like this movie . It is one that I would stronglyrecommend to my friends and all good movie buffs . It is bestthe first time you see it as there are surprises in it thatyou do n't want to know before you see it . Watch this movie .
 An absolute must see movie , I would never fully understand why this movie did n't get better recognition from writing , directing and most certainly the acting by everybody involved 5 stars + + + + +
 I would n't have bothered to view this film if Rose Byrne 's name were n't on the package . Dark , forlorn stories with bleached-out photography ai n't my thing . But from the first vignette -LRB- of five -RRB- about two stringy-haired , lonely women , I was gripped.In that first part , a young woman 's body has been found . The first four parts tell of its effect on various people . The last and weakest vignette tells of how the young woman got dead . The journey in each of the first four follows an unpredicable course . Each maintains a funereal tone . And they are chock-full of incredible actors who can match Rose Byrne in quality if not in loveliness.Too bad the writer did n't manage to maintain that tone or unpredictability thru the last chapter . It 's full of clich&eacute;s screeched at the upper decibels . If it were n't for that , I 'd have been forced to give this grim movie 5 stars . Boy ! That was close !
 Sometimes , a movie with a -LRB- mostly -RRB- all-star cast backfires . There are too many cooks in the kitchen , so to speak . Not so with `` The Dead Girl . '' It helps that each of the interwoven plot lines are presented as vignettes , each one poignant and beautiful in it 's own way . It really allows the viewer time to get to know the characters . Brittany Murphy was amazing , as was Marcia Gay Harden whose portrayal of the dead girl 's mother will stay with you . Great movie . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It 's weird to figure out where this film hooked me in to watch it . Normally I like more independent films but sometimes there just so awful and `` boy-are-we-smart '' attitudes that you feel like the more you roll your eyes , the more they 'll pop out of your sockets . `` The Dead Girl '' is one of those kind of films where it really should n't work and yet everything fits right but not quite enough . There 's nothing inherently wrong with the story but it 's like performing a long piano piece and hit 2 bad notes , it 's like `` argh , so close ! `` The movie opens with Arden -LRB- Toni Collette -RRB- discovering the body of a young girl , Krista -LRB- Brittany Murphy -RRB- dead in a field . Krista 's mother -LRB- Marcia Gay Harden -RRB- is in town trying to find her as well as finding out some surprising news . A body believed to be Krista 's is found by a morgue assistant -LRB- Rose Byrne -RRB- who 's been looking for her sister for years . Krista 's killer is slowly being found out by his wife -LRB- Mary Beth Hurt -RRB- . There 's different segments to the film and they 're all played one at a time so it does n't suffer that Crash format of having everyone somehow passing by each other . While the characters are all connected , it 's not presented in this sort of implausible fashion that really only Robert Altman films can pull off . However , that means that each segment relies on the strength of where it is in the running order and how well done it is . For example , the `` Sister '' segment centering on Byrne is definately my favorite yet the previous segment , `` the Stranger '' which focuses on Collette is kind of boring.The acting though is by-and-large excellent . There 's some that are surprising -LRB- I always found Rose Byrne underrated yet nobody listens to me -RRB- while some are just obvious standouts such as Toni Collette but she 's always good . Strangely , the one weak link is the titular character played by Brittany Murphy . Of course , the whole idea of a drugged out/messed up girl does n't seem like a stretch but sometimes she 's almost all over the place , being quietly reflective and subtle than she turns on the hysterics and kind of goes overboard . Sure she avoids the Sean Penn style of overacting but it 's kind of distracting . The other I felt was James Franco as the lab assistant who gets involved with Byrne . He did n't feel like someone she should find comfort in since he almost seems more like someone who 'd rather keep her in his bed than be a friend.It 's probably not a film for everyone . While the indie crowd would love it , it 's one of those out of the way films where you 'd almost have to overexplain what the whole thing 's about . It 's best a film you discover on your own or word of mouth and whether it interests you than some guy saying it 's `` best movie of the year ! '' .
 When the movie first started , I thought it was going to be a disappointment , but I was wrong . The smooth transition from one life to the next , connecting the lives of a group of people to tell the story of the victim was very clever . I enjoyed and recommend it .
 The Dead Girl is broken down into 5 different stories . Each story lasts for about 15-20 mins and each story surrounds around `` the dead girl '' who is found in a wooded area in California . Brittany Murphy , Toni Collette , Kerry Washington , Marcia Gay Harden , Rose Byrne , and many more give spectacular performances . I think the first storyline with Collette is the most profound . This drama is worth checking out , enjoy !
 This movie had me on the edge of my seat ! If you enjoy twisted type thrillers , you will like this movie .
 Spoiler Alert!They found a dead girl in the beginning of the movie . Couple of the people involved were being interviewed in the middle of the movie . They found out who the dead girl was at the end of the movie.That is basically about it . This is very simple . There are alot of sexual contents and naked women in this movie from start to finish . Even old grandma is full frontal naked from top to bottom !! make sure you cover your eyes if you do n't want no nightmare . The pace is kinda slow but yet still engaging.Not a bad movie . 4 stars .
 The Dead Girl is a one of a kind movie that slowly lets you in and then gives the viewer the `` psychic '' ability to know what the tragic ending will bring to the characters . Great performances by Toni Collette , Mary Beth Hurt , Marcia Gay Harden and Brittany Murphy .
 THE DEAD GIRL takes the typical serial-killer movie and turns it inside-out . Rather than show us the eeevil stalkers and the bloody mess they make , TDG allows us to witness the aftermath . We are given five separate tales showing the effects of murder on family , friends , and total strangers . Brittany Murphy -LRB- Sin City -RRB- is the doomed title character , Marcia Gay Harden -LRB- The Mist -RRB- is her devastated mum , Jerry Washington plays her girlfriend , and Josh Brolin is her boyfriend . The rest are strangers who are involved in the story in various ways . Toni Collette -LRB- The Night Listener -RRB- finds the body . Rose Byrne examines it . Mary Beth Hurt is married to the hollow-soul who just might be responsible . Giovanni Ribisi -LRB- The Gift -RRB- Mary steenbergen , Piper Laurie -LRB- Carrie -RRB- , and James Franco round out the cast . With so many movies that make serial-killers out to be unstoppable , homicidal genius ' and / or anti-heroes , -LRB- which I fully admit to enjoying -RRB- , It 's refreshing to see the actual pain they cause and the lasting effects of their actions . I also like the few rays of hope within the hopelessness here . Though some lives are destroyed , others are reborn . THE DEAD GIRL is n't just a faceless victim , she is actually missed ...
 What immediately captivated me about this film was the spectacular lighting and cinematography . It instantly drew me in . I wanted it to be an extraordinary movie . Twenty minutes into it I seriously doubted that was going to happen.Though the actors were brilliant , the screenplay intelligent , and the music stirring , I felt the story was disjointed . I could n't fully get a handle on what the writer was trying to say ... until it was over.When it ended -LRB- and the ending came sooner than I wanted -RRB- , as I watched the credits , listening to the eerily beautiful music , I thought about every character in the movie and how much I had been emotionally moved by nearly all of them . How much more I wanted to know about them . How strange that I felt that these people had so much more to say and at the same time I knew that they had said as much as they could.The story was n't disjointed , it was perfectly laid out and , yes , the film was quite extraordinary . I ca n't stop thinking about how amazing this would look on a live stage.The Dead Girl needs to be watched twice , at least . Be careful though , it has the ability to suck you down into dark places that are n't so easy to climb out of.You have been warned . Proceed with caution
 ITEM AS DESCRIBED . GREAT SUSPENSE MOVIE . SELLER SHIPPED PROMPTLY AND TO THE ADDRESS I HAVE USED FOR THE PAST 4 YEARS .
 This is a great PSP UMD Video !!! Includes BOTH Stuart Little and Stuart Little 2 on one tiny PSP UMD !!! Two great family films !!! Will keep the kiddies -LRB- and adults too ! -RRB- entertained for hours !!! Recommended !!! A +
 My 3 year old just loves both of these movies . We were watching them both one night on the abc family channel and I just knew after a few moments of her giggling I had to get them for her . She 's always asking to watch the `` Mouse Movie '' .
 I bought this movie to my 6 years old daughter see when we are on a trip . But she like so much that everywhere we go she take with her . It 's a great movie .
 This was received in a very timely fashion & was in excellent condition.Wouldn ' t hesitate to use this provider again in the future . Always a pleasure when a product is delivered in the shape that it is shown as .
 Movie was bought as Christmas present . It was received fast and in great condition .
 I found this two boxed VHS set at Marshall 's for 5.99 , brand new , so the asking price here it way too high , but the movies are wonderful for both kids and parents alike . I have a three year old and he is crazy about Stuart Little . You ca n't go wrong with these films !
 Most police flicks are told from the prospective of white police officers . This one is told from a different view . The prologue is very true and not often spoken about . Overall , a good movie .
 `` In The Line of Duty
 My four year old is into thomas , thus these dvds are a hit with him . The price is very good for the product and it comes with two trains this makes and excellent gift .
 Video Violence is one of the greatest horror movies ever . Howard and Eli crapped their pants in a bad way . Video Violence is just so tight . Steven has a vicious mullet , and the movie just kicks diaper butt .
 I have not watched these movies yet only the trailers . There is only one of these 8 which is R rated and I was n't happy with the content -LRB- Restoration -RRB- but the other 7 look quite nice . Thank you for the prompt delivery of this one day earlier than estimated ! Prompt service . I would be happy to order from this seller again and again !! Thank you !
 Even if all of these movies are not a must have ... . to enjoy the variety and to have so many movies at one fair price , , , , you win!DVD came in promised time and was well packaged . I have not watched all 8 yet , but with no cable tv , I can guarantee I will.I was impressed enough with this collection , that I bought two more with different movies in them . Grab a cup of tea and enjoy !
 Some good ... some not so good ... quality on some very bad ... would recommend ... especially for the price but if you want good picture and sound quality ... it 's not for you .
 i did n't expect long movies but these were great . I 'm so glad i bought this . I love colin anyway , he was the best in Pride and Prejuiced ... . great actor .
 A very good collection of movies except a couple of them in relation to which I did not light the topic . A very important issue for me is that , although I understand written and oral English , I prefer to have the movies with subtitles , at least in English language -LRB- but preferable in Spanish as well -RRB- .
 I am a British film buff . If you love the Victorian period - you 'll love this collection . You could spend hours watching each one over and over and come away with something new and different .
 We already had three of these films but had n't seen the other five . As a movie fan I can honestly say the British films have been better than the American films in the last few years . I especially liked &#34; My Life So Far . &#34;
 I enjoyed everyone of these little ditties ! Every Anglophile will love it , even though you might have already seen one of two of them previously !
 If you are a fan of public television , you are going to love this combo ! Every title was entertaining , without all the rude sex and violence found in so many of today 's box office blockbusters . Delightful and humorous features for only pennies , in your own living room .
 Colin Firth is a favorite , and she gets more than one film to enjoy . I will recommend on her opinion
 this was a holiday present for a good friend and she is very pleased with the selection , the price was good and we had timely delivery for the holiday .
 I love British Actors and this collection has some of my favorites , Judy Dench , Colin Firth , and Kate Blanchet . A good variety of movies .
 I bought this for my mother and she love 'd all the movies on it ... She had seen some but she said it was worth every penny ... I cant tell you myself how the movies was . I did n't watch ... . Was a gift ... But dvd was in great condision . .
 This a a great buy . Even if you only end up liking one or two of the movies , you 'd still get your moneys worth .
 This was a very inforemetive movie and I liked it so very much . It help me to understand more of the Monarchary . Thank you
 Why?Because of Colin Firth and Maggie Smith and Judy DenchAlso My daughter in Germany only has her Video Library for entertainment so I send them to her
 I do n't have time to write other than that of the three movies I 've watched , it 's a real winner - and so much entertainment for a really low price ! If you like English stories you 'll love this dvd .
 Was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these movies . Thought maybe they would be sub pr because there were so many for such a great price . Actually some real gems and some great actors .
 I 've never seen a film with Judy Dench or Colin Firth in it that I did n't like very much ! I would have rated this DVD five stars if it included sub-titles .
 Some very good movies in this collection . Judi Dench in Mrs. Brown-she 's the queen-she is excellent . All these movies are for mature audiences .
 Several movies on the discs I had not seen in the past , so was most surprised when watching them , I found that they were very good movies in the English manner of one having to listen to the dialogue , and have patience with what may seem to some as the scenes being slow moving . Nothing violent though , but very amusing with the English humor .
 Two or three of the movies made this the best bargain ever ! LOVED &#34; The Man Who Went Up a Hill and Came Down a Mountain . &#34; Such a beautiful story of the spirit of a people . &#34; An Ideal Husband &#34; was great fun . The rest are good in varying ways .
 What more can I say ? It is everything this collection should be ; the duplications are quite fine , and I am so glad to get these all in one set for such a ridiculously low price !
 I love all these movies and having them on one entire disc is just the jelly in my doughnut ! No more searching for each movie and now i can have them all when I travel and have to deal w/crappy hotel movies .
 Great movies , Lots of fun and entertainment with this DVD . It was at our door right after I ordered it . Delivered in very good packaging not a scratch on it . How nice to have so many movies in just two discs . Years of enjoyment ahead with this purchase . I recommend this collection , highly.Indy Jan
 As one would expect these producrions are beautifully presented . The quality of the acting is superb . England seems to produce character actors of great skill and presence . I thoroughly enjoyed the variety of themes presented
 These have been extremely fun & entertaining . British humor has a life all its own & we enjoy it very much .
 With 8 films to choose from how could you go wrong . There is something for everyone . Some films more known than others but all were lovely to watch .
 A gift to myself during the Christmas season . I love Bristish film and this collection contains wonderful choices . Merry Christmas to me !
 Ah ! Colin Firth ... the ultimate , consumate actor in a variety of roles . A delightful diet of films ... one a day plus a bonus for the week-end and one can have a film festival all their own !!
 My mother , sister and I are all great fans of British TV/Film
 I loved all the movies on this dvd . I was thrilled to be able to get 4 movies of such quality on one dvd . The price was fair and the delivery was fast .
 All but two of these eight are movies I 'd seen on the big screen years ago . Four I 'd liked well enough to know I 'd want to see them again from time to time -- especially Oscar Wilde 's `` An Ideal Husband , '' if only for Rupert Everett 's hilarious performance . Also Judi Dench as Queen Victoria in `` Her Majesty , Mrs. Brown '' and Vanessa Redgrave 's middle-aged war with a very young Uma Thurman for the affections of Edward Fox in `` A Month by the Lake '' , and `` My Life So Far , '' based on Sir Denis Forman 's memoir of his Scottish childhood * , with Colin Firth as his roving-eyed father.The two I did n't much like the first time I saw them I liked even less the second time . -LRB- `` Restoration '' with Robert Downey Jr. and `` The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain '' with Hugh Grant -RRB- but I suspect that 's a minority viewpoint.The two I was seeing here for the first time made this purchase well worth the buy all on their own . `` Sweet Revenge '' with Helena Bonham Carter , Sam Neill and Kristin Scott Thomas is an absolute hoot and I ca n't believe I 'd never heard of it . `` Tom and Viv '' with Willem Dafoe and Miranda Richardson tells the sad story of author T. S. Eliot 's angst-ridden first marriage , back in the days when women with `` female '' problems were diagnosed as mentally ill and carted off to the looney bin.There are no extras -- no subtitles , no closed-captioning , no scene indexes . Also , from the product info above you might get the impression that Gerard Butler is Dench 's co-star in `` Mrs. Brown . '' Her co-star is Billy Connolly ; Butler plays a supporting role as Connolly 's brother . * Seeing `` My Life So Far '' again reminded me how very much I 've loved the book it 's based on , Son of Adam , now also sold under the titleMy Life So Far . I wanted to see if Sir Denis had continued on with his bio and indeed he had , with a World War II memoirTO REASON WHYthat I 've just ordered.Addenda 12/31/12
 You certainly get your moneys worth with this collection . All the movies were well executed and entertaining . I particularly like British movies because they are much longer than American movies . They also have less vulgarity as a rule . Definitely worth every penny .
 Excellent classic style movies . All well acted with excellent stars . Will watch over again many times.Colin Firth is one of my favorites .
 This set of 8 movies are top notch entertainmentyou will enjoy some great stories with excellent actingso do your self a favor and order this set of movieschfancierFancier of fine movies
 This is a real bargain ... 8 movies on 2 DVD 's . I enjoy the older British movies , so this was a perfect purchase .
 This DVD consists of 2 discs , each containing 4 movies . When I first opened the DVD case and saw this , I expected low-quality films ; however , I was pleasantly surprised . The movies are first-rate . Although I have n't had a chance to watch all 8 , I 've enjoyed the ones I 've seen and look forward to the rest.For anyone who enjoys British films and/or actors , this is a terrific bargain and a wonderfully efficient way to add to your library .
 If you enjoy all things English , not to mention Colin Firth , you will love this DVD . Not to mention the other great stories , not headlined by Mr. Firth .
 I love English genre fiilms especially those with wonderful attention to period details , and so I ordered this collection of EIGHT movies without hesitation - the price was so attractive surely I would enjoy at least THREE of these 8 movies ? As it turns out I have just finished the 1st disc of 4 movies and much to my delight throughly enjoyed ALL of them . . the favourite being &#34; A Month By The Lake &#34; . This is a sweet delightful romance that takes place in a lovely aged villa on Lake Como featuring Vanessa Redgrave and Uma Thurman . I can hardly wait to view the 2nd disc and can highly recommend this Cinema Collection .
 Older. , but enjoyable British films which I can watch time and time again . I never get bored of watching them .
 What a great price for over 12 hours of really good cinema.The 8 features are all films that first showed from 1994 to 1999 . Each is 90 to 118 minutes and all are in widescreen and color . They are loaded with star performers in stellar accomplishments . It is a satisfying mix of comedy , historical drama , romance , and biography . What more can you say except the price is less than renting . And you will want to watch some of the offerings more than once . They are as good as any of the new cinema creations put out today.Restoration
 I could n't believe 8 movied for less than I usually pay for one . Someof my favorite actors wer in these & I thoroughly enjoyed the films .
 Of course , English movies are always good , if for nothing more than the scenery . Some of the movies were better than others but all in all , I enjoyed .
 Ok ... The recipient loved it . She said the picture quality was very good and liked the selection of films.I recommend .
 Colin Firth ; a UK favorite.Good priceGreat variety with eight filmsTravels well ; good to take on planes -- just enough .
 I loved all eight films on this DVD . All of the stories were great and the actors did a wonderful job .
 I thought it was a good deal just for ` Mrs. Brown ' movie . The other 7 movies are a bonus for british movie fans .
 What a fantastic collection of films . Best of all eight gems in one DVD package . This is a wonderful deal for the price .
 The picture quality is average at best , but you are getting 8 movies and they are all pretty good . Well worth the cost .
 This is my favorite of the many movies of the wonderful love story Pride and Prejudice . Surely every female from 1-100 will fall madly in love with Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy . It takes you into another world filled with interesting plots and happy endings . Surely one of the greatest stories of all time when a person needs to get away from it all pleasurably and safely and cheaply .
 Some of these movies I had seen and loved so thought it would be great to add a view new ones that are always good .
 Colin Firth is a great actor and we enjoy watching anything that he acts in . We recommend this series to all
 Ca n't believe we received such high quality for so few $ $ $ . The compilation is worth the money for '' SWEET REVENGE '' alone ... great stuff if you enjoy the British sense of humor ... Bloody good I 'd say but then again I 'm not a Brit . . : -RRB-
 prompt delivery and great pricing make it an enjoyable choice for lovers of British cinema . . great casting and good variety of story line I Love It !
 I am a great fan of Colin Firth and bought it for that reason . A fortunate purchase because there are some great films that I may have missed .
 Love the DVD 's and the films that are on them . I only wish they had subtitles ... some of the accents are too thick to fully understand .
 The other half were just so-so . Still , 8 films for the price of one ... what a deal!By the way , my favorite is `` An Ideal Husband . '' Excellent cast , and very interesting plot.Also really like `` Sweet Revenge . '' I think it 's an odd comedy , but very funny and kind of touching.I like `` A Month by the Lake , '' but would like it much more if the picture were n't so blurry -- the landscapes and cinematography are breathtaking ... what a shame it 's out of focus . Good romantic plot as well . `` My Life So Far '' with Colin Firth was very good ... I would describe it as a bittersweet story about marriage , with a happy ending ... presented through the point of view of a child who has a crush on an older woman.Couldn ' t get into `` The Englishman Who Climbed a Mountain . '' Though Hugh Grant is one of my favorite actors of all time , the subject matter just seemed trivial and silly . `` Restoration '' was just too bawdy for me ... within just the first 5 minutes of the film , you see Robert Downey Jr. getting it on most energetically with some tart and I 'm just not into that kind of film.Couldn ' t get into Tom & Viv either for some reason.Her Majesty Mrs. Brown is a quality film , but I guess I 've just become bored with films about monarchs and people who loyally served them .
 I love each and every film in this collection . This is an incredible bargain . Great stories and acting . I recommend it to anyone who loves British films .
 This was an amazing collection of British films . They were all very well acted and played out . I prefer British film over Hollywood because the actors in British cinema are REAL people . There is n't all that Hollywood glamour ! . All in all well played .
 I enjoyed these movie tremdously . I highly recommend them to anyone who loves english entertainment . Each one is delightful and a pleasure to watch .
 It was brand new as stated and received very quickly . I love BBC and historical pieces . This is a good one , especially for this price .
 Nice Euro mix for a united states tour . For progressive fans this is a must have for the collection.Wish I was there ... not sure if the once a year concert is still happening .
 A very interesting compilation of wonderful performances , from several heavy duties of the prog rock scene in the 90s . The progfest was an amazing opportunity of enjoy our well beloved bands , old and new ! The John Wetton Band is at its best in this concert , and also are specially inspired the intervention of Spock 's Beard and Arena . The Flower Kings is always a great presence , and watching Le Orme after so many years , was a wonderful surprise.Thanks to the progfest ! To have the video is at least a good consolation for all of us who were not able to be there . Only problem is that you want to watch more of the performances !!
 This classic had me rolling in laughter . I am a retired coastie and it brought back some wonderful memories . I could never have a cinnamon roll again without thinking of this movie and two great actors . Walter Mathau as a veteran cook with a drinking problem and Andy Griffin as his understudy and protector is superb casting . The movie gives a small sample of the Coast Guard 's entry and roll at sea , at the start of WWII . I ca n't wait to acquire a new copy on tape . The first time I viewed this was on a Cutter at sea in the Atlantic . The whole crew loved it !
 Good Andy Griffith movie . Holliweird misrepresented the movie as a comedy , however it is one of a very few U.S. Coast Guard movies . Another unusual feature about the movie is there is a moral to the story and the main character owns up to his mistakes and takes responsibility .
 This video was a gift to a dear friend who is a retired Coast Guard Chief Warrant Officer . It was a movie that cativated him as a young man , and he continues to enjoy watching it .
 We absolutely loved this movie ! A great mix of humor and re-evaluation of simple human values
 I bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas . It came quickly . He is retired Coast Guard and a big fan of Sheriff Andy so I figure he 'll like it a lot . I just wish it came on a dvd .
 Bergman is deeply aware of the gap that separates `` saying '' from `` meaning '' . His characters always put honesty before consideration , and this is usually the drama they are faced with . His plots take place in the hiatus that separates the depth of thoughts and feelings from the surface of expression . The soothing , conventional expressions , the high-sounding words of love and gratitude , the hollow and pathetic apologies are never uttered , or when they are they do not come without a sense of betrayal . The most genuine impressions are faked as soon as spoken -- because as soon as they are shaped into words one becomes aware of what one is saying ; feeling gives way to acting , and , in an irony that reveals the ambiguity of the very word `` acting '' , we , the actors , immediately become spectators of ourselves . We then listen to ourselves speaking , we weigh the words against their meaning and watch ourselves as if from outside while hoping to speak from the inside , and in taking the utmost care to make sure the words and gestures are convincing , we betray them with a false , phony spontaneity . This complex tension between words and meaning , spontaneity and acting , truthfulness and consideration , is the matter of which Bergman 's movies -- particularly Scenes from A Marriage , together with its sequence , Saraband -- are made . There 's a grain of contempt in every spoken word , Nietzsche said somewhere . In Bergman , each word is spoken as if the speaker , or even the words themselves , were painfully aware of the contempt they carry and the betrayal in which they incur . And because of this they carry a weight and a significance that are rarely to be found today , when the right expression comes instantly on-demand and tailored for the right situation , and words abound full of sound , fury , and little else .
 In today 's film environment , watching a new Bergman feature is like experiencing a rain-shower during a drought . Anyone who recalls 1973 's `` Scenes '' will be particularly moved by the reunion of Ullmann and Josephson . But the director is wise enough to include some fresh characters who help us better understand the ones we think we already know . The sub-plot concerning Henrik 's over-reliance on the lovely , talented Karin is heart-rending , as is the nasty , unbridgeable divide between father and son . Ullmann 's Marianne , wiser and more observant than in earlier days , calmly tries to make sense of all this dysfunction , right along with us . A worthy swan-song for the octogenarian director , `` Saraband '' is piercing , profound and altogether brilliant .
 For Bergman devotees like me , any morsel tossed our way by the great master is a treat . Saraband is a good deal more than a morsel , but not the true masterpiece others are claiming . And it takes some investment in Bergman 's biography and past works to truly appreciate its depth , I think.As has been pointed out , the film is a tribute to Bergman 's late wife , Ingrid -LRB- not the actress -RRB- and his mourning for her ; the film is dedicated to her , and the photograph of `` Anna '' that is lingered on lovingly by the characters throughout the film is actually a portrait of Ingrid . -LRB- Bergman made a short film -- never released in the US -- called `` Karin 's Face '' -- a tribute to his complicated relationship with his mother , where her photographic portrait is similarly examined by the film camera . -RRB- As with Fanny & Alexander , I was intrigued to see how Bergman quotes his past works and themes in this film . The Bach saraband that haunts the soundtrack is the same piece of music he used in Cries and Whispers , when the two estranged sisters temporaily make contact in a montage of carressing hands and faces -LRB- Liv Ullmann and Ingrid Thulin -RRB- , silent except for the lone cello of Bach 's saraband.Marianne 's institutionalized daughter echoes that of Ingrid -LRB- the actress -RRB- Bergman 's character 's in Autumn Sonata . The concluding Scene 10 in Saraband is titled Vargtimme -LRB- translated as The Hour Before Dawn -RRB- which is also the Swedish title of Bergman 's 1968 film `` Hour of the Wolf , '' which also begins and ends with Liv Ullmann speaking intimately to the camera -LRB- when she was pregnant with Bergman 's daughter -RRB- . As in The Passion of Anna and Cries and Whispers , a character 's secrets are revealed in letters and diaries -- things they could never say `` face to face . `` It is a melancholy treat to see Liv Ullmann and Erland Josephson together on screen again -LRB- much like seeing Marcello Mastroianni and Anita Ekberg reunited in Fellini 's Intervista many decades later to watch their youthful selves in the famous Trevi Fountain scene in La Dolce Vita -RRB- . I was reminded how much I 've missed Ullmann 's magnificent face , now wrinkled with age and experience , which has been absent from the movie screen for far too long.To me it 's the film 's themes of retrospection , regret , loss and becoming reconciled -LRB- or not -RRB- with one 's past that touched me deeply , something the nearing-90 year-old Bergman is obviously engulfed by.There are other things that disturbed or at least distracted me in Saraband . I must say , as someone else pointed out here , I too was puzzled by the `` bad math '' of Johann and Marianne 's history ; their ages do n't match up with their stated years married and apart . And maybe it 's my American puritanical heritage raising its ugly head as I age , but do middle-aged men really sleep in the same bed with their adult daughters in Sweden ? Yes , Dad sees Karin as a replacement for his lost wife , but such overt incestuous overtones are over-the-top and unnecessary.And I have never bought into Bergman 's trite `` crippled child '' metaphor . Yes , we are all `` institutionalized '' in some way by our parents ' actions or inactions , but does n't he make that point without having to rely on such obvious symbols ? Nevertheless , I was moved to tears in the epilogue when Marianne reveals that following her time with Johann and his family , she truly touched her instituionalized daughter -LSB- the crippled child metaphor -RSB- for the first time . It 's Ullmann 's performance that overcomes the contrivance.The other thing that makes this film outstanding is Bergman 's continued reliance on close-ups -- and his camera especially loves women 's faces . Even without his now-ailing cinematographer Sven Nykvist , Bergman tells as much about the human condition in close-ups of human faces than all the combined dialogue or contrived metaphors of his and others ' films combined.One of the few bonuses in this DVD is a `` Making of ... '' documentary . It 's intriguing to see how Bergman works with his actors and crew and we learn more about the film 's conception in his discussions with them , especially in his recollection of a conversation he had with Erland Josphson that helped him cope with the loss of his wife . And it 's interesting , too , to see how Bergman has adapted to the digital age -- quite different from the earlier `` Making of ... '' docs of his creation of Fanny & Alexander and earlier movies where film was the medium . And I was suprised to see that most of the outdoor scenes were created in the studio -- convincingly so.Overall , not Bergman 's best , but well worth the investment and a fitting capstone to an amazing career .
 ... whether it be Eros or Agape , man and woman , parent and child , as Ingmar Bergman has forced us to perceive in film after film . `` Saraband '' was Bergman 's last film , released in 2006 . It 's certainly not his best film , or even one of his best five films , and I 'm certain he did n't intend it as such . It 's not an ambitious or original film . Rather it seems to be a ` last dance ' with the brilliant actors and actresses whose performances made Bergman the greatest Director per se of cinema history . Whatever resistance you may have toward Bergman 's torturous pessimism , whatever your discomfort with his pace of observation and/or his disingenuous detachment , you will have to be astonished at the performances of Liv Ullman and Erland Josephson in `` Saraband '' . They ` inhabit ' their characters as richly as a goldfinch inhabits its feathers . Ensemble acting , and the direction of actors who knew each other thoroughly as an ensemble , was the core of Bergman 's creativity . But `` Saraband '' also features a young actress -- Julia Dufvenius in the role of Josephson 's granddaughter -- whose performance is also utterly Bergmanesque . The old Director had n't lost his touch with actresses!I do n't mean to tell you what this film is about , or to critique its moral/psychological message . I merely want to suggest that any film-goer who has esteemed Bergman 's greatest poignant works -- Wild Strawberries , Fanny and Alexander , and others -- would be foolish to miss his last saraband .
 Bergman was a devoted admirer of Strindberg , and as a theatre director produced several of Strindberg 's plays . One of the best from Strindberg was `` Dance of Death , '' a two-part drama that explores the tangled webs of hatred and dependency that close relationships can breed . I do n't think it 's too much to see `` Saraband , '' Bergman 's final -- and one of his best -- film as a dance-of-death themed exploration . It 's also the case , of course , that a `` sarabande '' is a dance . In the context of the film , the title also refers to a piece from Bach 's 5th cello suite which one of the characters , Karin , plays.The four actors in `` Saraband '' -- Johan -LRB- Erland Josephson -RRB- , Marianne -LRB- Liv Ullmann -RRB- , Henrik -LRB- Borje Ahlstedt -RRB- , and Karin -LRB- Julia Dufvenius -RRB- -- are caught in relationships which , although life-craving , are in fact life-destroying . Karin , the daughter of Henrik , is a budding musician to whom the widowed and grieving Henrik poisonously clings -LRB- with just a hint of incest thrown in -RRB- . Henrik , a 60-year old failure , is the son of Johan , who treats him with an icy indifference that 's absolutely chilling -LRB- at one point , Johan tells Henrik that so far as he 's concerned , his son simply does n't exist -RRB- . Johan and Marianne , the old couple first encountered in `` Scenes from a Marriage , '' are both alone in their old age , but cling rather desperately to one another in one of the film 's final scenes , as though they know that the night is closing in.If there 's any hope from the dance of death that they and we must perform , it 's represented by Karin 's resolution to break from her father , even with the bitter knowledge that their separation will destroy him , and the moment of recognition that Marianne 's adult but schizophrenic daughter displays in the film 's closing scene . But these two moments of grace must be taken for what they are . The first brings tragedy , the second is fleeting.This film , beautiful to watch and hear , acted with skill and directed by the 87-year old Bergman with a master 's touch , is without doubt one of Bergman 's very best . It 's also his swansong , which makes the message even more poignant .
 One of the things that truly impressed me with this film is the meticulous attention that Bergman paid to small details . His selection of music is a case in point.The second movement of Bach 's Fifth Cello Suite -LRB- Sarabande -RRB- , whose excerpts we hear in this film , is intimate and very sorrowful -LRB- almost like a piece of funeral music -RRB- , as if to signal the end of the road . The non-chordal nature of this movement -LRB- it consists of a single melodic line -RRB- was a great way to subtly remind us of the existential loneliness of the four main characters , as well as our own.Or , take for example Bruckner 's Ninth Symphony , which Johan -LRB- one of the four main characters -RRB- was listening to very loudly in one scene . Bruckner spent the last nine years of his life composing this symphony -LRB- and actually never finishing it -RRB- . Its Adagio is contended , at least by some Brucknerites , to be a farewell to life.This very last of Bergman 's films feels like his own requiem . It can make us sad , that 's for sure . But the music of his cinematography is still heavenly beautiful .
 Saraband is really not a sequel , not in the traditional sense . It 's perhaps more accurate to say the characters Johan and Marianne from Scenes From a Marriage play a large part in this new drama . It was n't what I expected , but it turned out to be a wise choice , I think . Rather than simply revisit two characters from 30 years ago and see where they are now -LRB- which would have been interesting enough -RRB- , Bergman chose to include and focus on the story of Henrik -LRB- Johan 's son -RRB- and Henrik 's wife and daughter . The story is fascinating , disturbing , thought-provoking ; classic Bergman.Though Saraband probably wo n't be remembered as Bergman 's finest achievement , it is certainly Bergman at his finest , and , whether intentionally or not , the film definitely echoes other Bergman classics . The light coming in through the church windows in an empty church reminds of questions raised in Winter Light . The daughter wandering through the woods and into a stream reminds us of violations of The Virgin Spring . Likewise , inappropriate surrogate relationships -LRB- I 'll put it that way for those who have n't seen the film -RRB- reminds us of issues raised in The Silence . And issues of love between parents -LRB- particularly fathers -RRB- and their children raised in Through a Glass Darkly and Wild Strawberries also appear here . Bergman does not provide us with answers any more than he did when he raised these questions some 40 years ago , but he can still make us think . So if Saraband is Bergman 's last film , it 's a very fitting exit.The documentary on the making of the film is , for me , no less emotionally moving than the film itself -- it touchs on Bergman 's thoughts on making his last film , the death of his wife and his own mortality .
 The problem with reviewing any Bergman title is that his work can only be assessed in light of his own oeuvre . That considered , I would venture that the very wise , and quietly disturbing Saraband , though admittedly not in the same league as Cries and Whispers , Persona , or The Passion of Anna , is a gift -- to both the history of world cinema and those who love the monolithic artistry of Ingmar Bergman -- that I would easily place alongside Autumn Sonata in stature.Visually , Saraband is gorgeous to look at , though I can not deny missing Sven Nykvist 's peerless cinematography . That the acting is superlative is no huge surprise of course . Ullman 's performance is so subtle that it took a second viewing to begin to comprehend her intent . -LRB- And while I 'm there
 This movie is the late Ingmar Bergman 's swan song . And a fine song it is . With simple one - and two-person scenes Bergman presents the agony of a family drama , luridly depicting the adult outcome of unresolved early conflicts .
 We return to the couple from ` Scenes From a Marriage ' 30 years later . They have n't seeneach other in all that time . Marianne , still working as a lawyer , goes to visit Johan , nowliving off a rich inheritance in a house in the woods . The film examines the tremendousand sad complexity of Johan 's life , and the further unsettling influence of Marianne ` sreturn to the scene.While there is a surface pleasure in seeing the two together again , we realize how poisonousJohan has become , allowing his 61 year old son from an earlier marriage , and his granddaughterto live in a separate house on the estate , although he hates his son . The granddaughter is in turntrapped by a desperate , near incestuous relationship with her father . In a series of simple , honest , and very powerful scenes , we watch these characters bounce off of each other in various combinations.And while all of them are plagued by deep , perhaps unforgivable flaws , I always understood thatBergman felt for them , and wished the fragments of humanity buried inside could free them . I did n'tfeel the film was as dark as many people for this reason . Like a directing priest , Bergman hates the sin , but not the sinner , so these people , so easy to hate , or at least dismiss on paper , keep us interestedand emotionally involved , praying they will find their way out of the darkness . A strong and powerfulwan song from a great film-maker , making his last film at 85 .
 Ingmar Bergman returns to his origins with this superb story , of visible theatrical tinge . Sarabande resumes all an febrile existence , dedicated to explore and visit the most recondite corners of the human soul , fears , anguishes and frizzled emotions , amalgamated by the time , the far distances and the weight of the memory.The initial sequence in which we are in front of a table covered by pictures with Liv Ulman starring us reminds us the cinema is a collection of photographs in movement ; a frozen lapse of time and preserved for the eyes of the future . In this sense it begins with similar approach respect `` Persona '' or Tarkovky ' s `` The mirror . `` A collection of frozen images that nevertheless make to Marianne to undertake a journey of more than two hundred miles to visit to her husband Johan , after thirty years without exchange impressions of any sort.Since this visit we will aware about a serene gaze around their lives , past and present blend one each other ; she is a lawyer and he is writing a book . They had two daughters ; he knows nothing about them and she is aware about a distant and random contact with Sra who lives in Australia and Martha , who is serious sick , since has missed in the dark shadows of the forgetfulness and the diffused labyrinths of her memory.But their lives will turn around the talented niece of Johan , who plays the cello with her father as musical preceptor . Hindemith 's Sonata for cello Op. 125 will become the entrance for her to open her heart in the verge of the desperation and the infinite loneliness she is immersed . And so , Marianne who always had kept so isolated from her daughters finds herself trapped in the web of her own memories . Johan and Marianne will make the last act of self redemption with this girl who lives sheltered by her father , an ambitious and resented human being incapable to stand up since her wife died of cancer.An intimate portrait admirably directed and magisterially narrated by this genius of the camera
 THE GIFT OF IGGY : His films are forever embedded into my heart and soul.Their beauty . Majesty . Depth . Vision . Courage . Humanity.Ingmar Bergman.My god , the mere act of typing his name gives my entire being goosebumps.So much has been written and said about this grand master of the cinema -LRB- by some of the world 's greatest critics , and by the man himself -RRB- that my fingers tremble with apprehension and humility knowing that these very words I 'm writing will now be added to that stock and stall.In my wildest dreams , I never thought I 'd ever get the chance to actually review the latest Bergman film simply because , after 1985 's FANNY & ALEXANDER , there was never again supposed to BE another `` latest Bergman film . `` Yet , here it is . This wonderful gift called SARABAND . It exists . It was made.And it is another Bergman masterpiece.I know ... with an intro like this , the whole idea of journalistic objectivity gets thrown out the window . Well , let it fly ! I simply can not approach any critical discussion of Bergman with the slightest degree of personal removal . This man 's films have literally changed the way I look at this thing we call `` life . '' If anyone were to ask me what are some of the reasons why I love being alive , I 'd put the words `` The Films Of Ingmar Bergman '' at the almost tippy-top of that list.Suffice to say that that when it comes to Bergman and his oeuvre , those who know , know . Those who do n't know , I just feel sorry for . So , dear reader , if you are in the former crowd ... we are about to dance delightfully together . If you are of the latter , I ask that you watch the dance from the sidelines and hopefully feel the itch to participate in the near future.THE RETURN OF IGGY : For me , one of the true delights of SARABAND is the mere fact that it exists at all.I did n't know it was coming ! I found out about it one day when I saw the poster while standing in the lobby of the Cinema Arts Centre , the local art movie house I often frequent in Huntington , Long Island . My goodness me ... there they were ... the great Erland Josephson and Liv Ullman ... the quintessential Bergman performers ... the stars of his SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE ... standing next to each other , arm in arm , head to head , in a semi-mournful , yet also comforting embrace . Directly above their heads in large red letters ... `` SARABAND '' ... and below it ... `` An Ingmar Bergman Film . `` WHAT ??? HUH ??? BE STILL MY HEART !!! HUMINA ! HUMINA ! HUMINA!A NEW Bergman film !!! Jesus , he 's got ta be in his mid-eighties !!! Who 'd a-thunk it ? It was my understanding that ol' Iggy felt he 'd said all he wanted to on celluloid and was devoting the rest of his remaining artistic life to the theater and books of self-reflection . -LRB- Oh ... by the way ... I can not recommend highly enough Bergman 's two books about his life and work , IMAGES -LRB- his films -RRB- and THE MAGIC LANTERN -LRB- his life -RRB- ... they are remarkable . -RRB- I guess the ol ` muse grabbed him by the gonads and called him to the cameras for one last fling.And why not ? I remember with great delight the feeling of joy when , at the age of 75 , Akira Kurosawa gave us the majesty that is RAN . Not to mention the fact that he made THREE more films after THAT ! Does it not give us all hope when we see great works of art still being created by the masters , well into their 7th and 8th decades ? It just does n't get any more life affirming than that.After a bit of research , I learned that SARABAND was a sequel of sorts to SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE , picking up the story thirty years after the divorce of the two main characters . How cool is that ? My mind was all a flutter with the story possibilities such a scenario could create . Of course , what made it all the more exciting was the fact that after almost 20 years of cinematic silence , Bergman was about to let his voice be heard again ... a voice that would be adding whatever he himself had learned in the 20 years he had cinematically been absent from our lives . What was Iggy bringing to the table now ? What would he be teaching us about ourselves?THE STYLE OF IGGY : From the moment you hear the first Bach musical notes sublimely emanating from a Cello on the soundtrack , you know you 're in Bergmanland . I could n't believe how taken I was by this recognition ... this instant sense of being in his cinematic world.It was emotionally devastating for me . `` My god , he 's back . Thank you ! Thank you ! `` SARABAND is a story about regret , lost chances , selfishness and greed . It is told through four major characters . The film is essentially a ten-act play -LRB- no surprise from this greatest of theater directors -RRB- in which there is no more than two characters per act . Each act/vignette begins with a black screen , the sounds of a cello , and an epitaph designed to help set the emotional mood for what we are about to witness . The film essentially deals with the reunion between the characters of Marianne -LRB- Ullman -RRB- and Johan -LRB- Josephson -RRB- , -LRB- who Bergman fans already know from SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE , although knowledge of that film is not necessary to enjoy this one -RRB- and the relationship between Johan and his hated son Henrik -LRB- Borje Ahlstedt -RRB- , as well as Henrik 's obsessive relationship with his nineteen-year old daughter Karin -LRB- Julia Dufvenius -RRB- . The way in which all four of these characters interlock with each other is pure Bergman . It is one of the films great delights to see these actors play off each other using what can only be described as that one of a kind , highly stylized and totally intense Bergmanesque cinema acting technique . Since the camera only has two characters to look at in each scene , we get to examine every facial tick , every pore , every breath of these superb actors as they battle with each other in a macabre dance of family dysfunction , grief and turmoil.IGGY PLOT POINTS : For reasons even she herself can not explain , Marianne is compulsively drawn towards wanting to see her ex-husband again after thirty years . When she visits him , she not only becomes a part of Johan 's life again , but the life of his granddaughter , a gifted cellist , who lives in a house on Johan 's country estate with her father Henrik , Johan 's son , who is both her musical teacher , mentor and tormentor . Father and son have a deep hatred for each other that is only tempered by their mutual love for Henrik 's deceased wife ... a woman of such beauty and love , that her absence has literally destroyed them all . It seems that she was the glue that held them all together , and since she 's been gone these past two years , Henrik overcompensates for his loss by clinging to his daughter for companionship and love , while forcing her to study the cello and master it far beyond her own natural gifts . There is also more than just a hint of incest in this father/daughter relationship , and Karin is choking to death from her father 's obsessive need for love , devotion and attention . He wants her to study to be a great solo cellist , while all she desires is to just be part of the orchestra , without all the pressure . Marianne can literally do nothing but listen , observe and try to offer advice and succor to all the principles involved . In the end , all these dynamics come crashing into one another , resolving themselves in a way only Ingmar Bergman could devise and pull of . It is devastating , fascinating and beyond beautiful . It hurts so good!WHAT 'S IT ALL ABOUT , IGGY?So , what was he finally trying to say ? What drove him , after 20 years , to come back to us ? Perhaps SARABAND is a message about appreciating what you have in life , and cherishing it . Maybe it 's about how regret can be so soul crushing ; we should do our best to avoid creating situations in life where regret may leer its ugly head . Maybe he was just trying to say that no matter how long we live , us human beings will never really have it all figured out , this thing called life ... and perhaps we never will.Message or no message , what does it matter ? SARABAND is our now . Ours to cherish , absorb , think about and enjoy for as long as we are deemed worthy to exist by whatever powers that be ... if any . I think even Ingmar would appreciate that kind of positive thinking .
 There is nothing left in today cinema , after Bergman decidedto quit the whole goddamn business ... What 's left after the Master is miserable attempt to combine useless , moving , emptyimages ... made for Oscars and popcorn eaters . A must for every still thinking head !!!
 SARABAND is a wonderful movie but for those of us familiar withSCENES FROM A MARRIAGE there are inconsistencies . In this filmMarianne is more than 20 years his junior , in SCENES they wereabout the same age and there was no mention of an earlier marriageand the nogoodnik son . But if you ignore this then it is a filmwell acted .
 Ingmar Bergman 's SARABAND could be considered a sequel to SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE . In the film Bergman returns to familiar territory . Marianne and Johan , the main characters of the earlier film , meet after thirty years . Marianne is the one who initiates the contact , through we never know why , we realize somewhat quickly that she still loves Johan deeply , or at least a part of her does . Johan is irascible as ever through most of the film . We meet Henrick , Johan 's son from a previous marriage and witness a father/son relationship that is at best , hate filled and spiteful . We see the troubling relationship that Henrick has with his daughter Karin , a musically gifted young woman . We are also unsure of the tension between Henrick and Johan , assuming at first it is stemmed from abandonment issues on the part of Henrick and a failure of Henrick to live up to Johan 's expectations , but as the film progresses we come to see it may be far more twisted . Marianne seems to get stuck in the middle of the arguments much to the resentment of Henrick and Johan , but she becomes indispensable for Karin.Needless to say , the film is complex , and Bergman handles the complexities by allowing them to puzzle and challenge the viewer which may be why the film is so engaging . It 's also superbly acted by Bergman favorites Liv Ullmann and Erland Josephson reprising their roles as Marianne and Johan from SCENES . Borge Alhstedt who plays Henrick has likewise has been cast in other Bergman films . As with so many Bergman films , meticulous attention is played to small details such as the vacation home , the country church , even the selection of music . In one scene we find Johan listening to Bruckner 's Ninth in full volume , the bombast of the piece matching his personality . And of course , there 's a `` Bergmanesque '' gut wrenching scream releasing more existential angst than imaginable , this time from Karin.The film is sophisticated as opposed to sentimental , and if this is Bergman 's last film , it may not be as lavish as some of his other works , but it does encapsulate much of what is great about Bergman . It 's certainly a film that can be seen more than once and lead to lively discussions .
 Fantastic to see Ullmann and Josephson ! Wonderful movie and story . Hope it really is n't Ingmar 's last . !!
 I watched `` Scenes '' and then watched Saraband the next day , hoping to get more of Johann and Marianne . It was great to see them so changed and yet still the same -- Marianne still too-good-to-be-true and Johann still a jerk . Very early in the film , however , we are faced with a large discrepancy between Scenes and this film . In Scenes , Marianne is 35 and Johann 42 . In Saraband , there is now a 23 year difference in their ages . Even within Saraband , the timing just does n't work , as other reviewers have pointed out here . At first I was just confused , but then I was angry at the director for not respecting the fans of his older work . It reminded me of when characters age inexplicably on soap operas , like when Victoria aged ten years overnight on the Young and the Restless . I guess we can put up with that from Bergman but it would have been a lot less distracting if he had just made Marianne 70 and Johann 77 or something like that . It need not have changed the story .
 Bergman first introduced us to Johan and Marianne in his 1974 masterpiece Scenes from a Marriage , one of the cinema 's most exacting dissections of our all-too-human failure to connect . Bergman and the splendid Scandanavian actors Erland Josephson and Liv Ullmann took us through Johan and Marianne 's marriage , divorce , and post-divorce reconciliation . In the end , they live apart , but still make room for the bond between them.Three decades later , Bergman , Josephson and Ullmann have given us Saraband , a late-life gift . Marianne decides that even though she has n't seen Johan since the 1970s , it 's time to make contact again . Johan has inherited money from an aunt , and lives in splendid isolation overlooking a lake . She literally wakes him with a kiss , but soon enough Marianne 's fantasy of an idyllic reunion evaporates as she gets drawn deeper into the power struggles in Johan 's family.Henrik , Johan 's son , is staying in a nearby cottage with his daughter Karin . Both of them still mourn Anna , Henrik 's wife and Karin 's mother , who died two years before . Henrik , a music teacher , is preparing Karin , an accomplished cellist , for her conservatory entrance exams . The elderly Johan remains cold-hearted but charismatic -LRB- not unlike Bergman 's own father -RRB- and one of the questions the movie explores is why people are so attracted to him . Henrik wants his father 's affection and acceptance , even though Johan refuses to give it , ostensibly due to some slight by Henrik when he was 19 years old . In a painful scene , Henrik goes to Johan to ask for money to help Karin , and in his 61 year old face , we see the bewilderment of the boy who never came to grips with his self-absorbed father.For Karin , her grandfather is a counterweight to the suffocating embrace of her father . Karin struggles to figure out what she owes Henrik , what she owes to the memory of her mother , and what she owes to herself . She lets Marianne see some , but not all , of the turmoil she 's going through . For Marianne , her attraction to Johan remains as difficult to pin down as it was when she was married to him . She 's always wanted something from him , but since she ca n't define what it is , she 'll probably never get it.The struggles between the characters get played out over ten riveting scenes bookended by Marianne 's opening and closing monologues . Karin makes her choices . Henrik reacts . Marianne throws herself once more against Johan 's emotional aloofness . As he 's done throughout his brilliant career , Bergman brings it alive through artful dialog , perfect dramatic timing , and riveting cinematic composition . The characters are not always likable , but they are never less than engrossing.The Criterion 's DVD includes a mini-documentary of Bergman making Saraband . We watch the 87 year old director slump to the floor to illustrate some blocking , kid around with the crew , poke and prod his actors into position . It 's a treat to watch him work . One wonders if any other director will ever elicit such an emotionally powerful performance from Julia Dufvenius , the fine young actress who plays Karin . One also wonders why Bergman put himself through the grueling labor of making another film after he 'd announced he was through.Bergman spent his entire career obsessed by the difficulties of human connection . Apparently he wants to say one last thing about it , which seems to be this
 `` Saraband '' is the name of a movement in a classical piece of music by Bach . It is also the name of a dance and just like a piece of music Ingmar Bergman weaves his story to a certain rhythm of emotions . `` Saraband '' touched me on a deeply personal level . It is the greatest movie going experience of my life . Now I know what many of you are thinking . How dare you ! What about the `` Lord of the Ring '' movies , the `` Harry Potter '' series , the `` Star Wars '' movies and of course `` Titanic '' . How on earth could I possible justify my reaction to dare say a much smaller film , a film that will go unseen by millions , yet alone , a Swedish film , is the greatest movie going experience of my life . Well you see I never really got caught up in the `` Lord of the Ring '' movies . I enjoyed them but I never read the books , nor have I ever read the `` Harry Potter '' books and I do n't intend to ever read them , I simply do n't have any interest . But what makes `` Saraband '' , for me , the ultimate experience is the fact it was the first film I ever saw by Ingmar Bergman in a theatre . It was such an experience to be able to go out and watch a movie by my favorite director on the big screen . That is my explanation.Bergman originally released this film two years ago on Swedish television just as he did `` Fanny and Alexander '' back in 1983 . `` Saraband '' though is quite a cinematic event for film lovers . It is the first film Bergman has directed since 1984 's `` After the Rehearsal '' to be released in theatres . Is that not cause for a celebration or what?The film is a sequel to Bergman 's 1974 masterpiece `` Scenes From A Marriage '' . It is divided into 10 chapters and tells the story of Marianna -LRB- Liv Ullman -RRB- meeting Johan -LRB- Erland Josephson -RRB- 30 years after `` Marriage '' . It is explained that Marianna simply had a sudden urge to visit him . Could it be as she grows older she wonders about what her life could have been like ? Maybe . So the two meet as it turns out to be one of the most joyous moments in the film.At this point it should be pointed out one does n't have to watch `` Scenes From A Marriage '' to appreciate or understand this movie . But I must admit it does help . If only because to watch these characters on-screen is like visiting old friends . When we first see them meet our minds flood with images . We recall the first film and the impression it left on us . If you have n't seen that movie `` Saraband '' may have a harder time putting you under its spell.As the film goes on we find out Johan 's son , Henrik -LRB- Borje Ahlstedt -RRB- and his daughter Karin -LRB- Julia Dufvenius -RRB- are staying in his guest house . We also find out Johan and Henrik are not really on the best of terms . At most it is polite conversation whenever they are in the same room . Which is something they both try to avoid happening.Henrik plays cello and has been teaching his daughter , who has a great gift for the instrument we are told . But their relationship is a strange one . After Karin 's mother died two years ago she feels she can not leave her father to go and study because it would shatter him . It is feared he might kill himself . But Henrik is not letting his daughter live her own life . The two get into an agrument which turns violent and suddenly I was thinking about the best friends and their marriage in `` Scenes '' . `` Saraband '' begins to tell the story of love , the past , and reconciliation between former husband and wife , father and daughter and father and son.I wrote a review a long time ago for `` Scenes From A Marriage '' in it I said the movie has an intensity that few films have matched . Bergman just seems to throw these characters in our face as we watch them explode . I also felt it was the greatest film I had seen on the subject of love and marriage . `` Saraband '' is the only film that comes closet to matching that film 's power.I should though mention , in order to be fair and balanced , that `` Saraband '' is not a better film than `` Marriage '' I seriously doubt many fans will think it is either . That is not to say `` Saraband '' is not a good film . Or a nice companion piece to `` Scenes '' . Or a film without beautiful dialogue , strong performances , and powerful directing . It is a touching absorbing film but it just did n't seem to hit me as hard as `` Scenes '' did.Some of my favorite scenes in the film include a conversation between Henrik and Karin about an agrument Henrik and his wife had . Another powerful scene deals with Johan and Henrik . Here we can see what kind of relationship this father and son have . We can actually fill the hate and disgust between them . And finally a scene with Marianna and Karin , as Marianna describes Johan to Karin is quite moving . In fact all of the moments in this film are wonderfully expressed by this cast and Bergman 's ear for dialogue.Are their faults with the film ? Yes . The relationship between Henrik and Karin seems very strange and deserved an explanation but is given none . Also information about Karin 's future is never given and we are left with that same murkiness with Johan 's future . Though all in all `` Saraband '' is a masterpiece that is dominated by strong performances . It 's emotions are real and we believe what we are seeing . I can not recommend this film strongly enough.Bottom-line
 The most harrowing aspect of senility is perhaps loneliness and a sense of impotence , two sentiments that resonate throughout Ingmar Bergman 's latest film `` Saraband '' . While sorting out old photos and reminiscing about her life , Marianne -LRB- Liv Ullman -RRB- felt the sudden urge to reconnect with her ex-husband Johan -LRB- Erland Josephson -RRB- whom she had n't spoken in thirty years . Soon after arriving at Johan 's cottage in a remote countryside , Marianne found herself in the middle of a bitter struggle between Johan and his son , Henrik -LRB- B&ouml;rje Ahlstedt -RRB- , a former conductor , over the future of Henrik 's daughter , Karin -LRB- Julia Dufvenius -RRB- , a budding cellist.Henrik has been devastated by the recent passing of his late wife , Anna , and his desperate attempt to keep the last remaining love of his life , Karin , on his side not only irritated Johan but also tormented Karin , who was well aware her father 's true intention of giving her cello lessons . A surprise finding by Karin would eventually culminate in the climax of the film , a candid portrayal of how far people would go to try to hang on.In our own way , we all want to know that we matter and that our existence has amounted to something meaningful . This desire is often driven and intensified by the awareness of our mortality . Marianne and Johan were also forced to face up to theirs in the film where in one scene Johan awoke Marianne during the wee hour of the night and confided to her that he felt `` an anxiety that 's greater than me '' and that he could n't stand to bear it . It was the night where they first slept in the same bed ever since they were separated.Johan has never looked so at ease lying there besides Marianne .
 `` Saraband '' is an intense movie . It should be watched sitting very still , so that everything makes itself known to you . To me , the film is essentially about parents and children -- mostly about fathers and sons , but also about mothers and daughters , as the viewer will see briefly at the end of the film . It seems to say
 `` Saraband '' reintroduces Liv Ullman and Erland Josephson as Marianne and Johan - the characters they played in Ingmar Bergman 's classic 1973 release `` Scenes from a Marriage . '' If you 've not seen that , no matter . Ullman 's Marianne sets the scene for you at the opening of the film and tells you everything you need to know in a five-minute prologue . The movie then consists of 10 intense dialogues between each of the four main characters . -LSB- It 's not as staged as it sounds . -RSB- Then , there 's a headscratching , out-of-the-clear-blue epilogue that I 'm sure has some great , deep meaning , but was lost on me.One thing that bothered me is that the math -LRB- or the translation ? -RRB- in the movie does n't work . Marianne and Johan work out that they 've not seen each other in 32 years . Subsequently , Marianne tells Johan she is now 62 , meaning they last saw each other when she was 30 . Marianne later tells Johan 's granddaughter -LRB- through a previous marriage -RRB- that she was married to Johan for 16 years , then they broke up , then got together again briefly before splitting for good . That puts Marianne at ... under 14 when they married . Bergman seems to have lost the plot there a bit.I have to admit that how I felt about ` Saraband ' was deeply influenced after my viewing when I read the following blurb on IMDB
 For many years the films of Ingmar Bergman have haunted us , films that dare to enter territories untouched by others , peopled by actors of consummate skill , extended monologues both spoken and silent , and secret doors into the souls of some of the most fascinating characters created for the screen . SARABAND is no exception
 Saraband , Bergman 's last film , is about a family destroyed with hostility , obsession , attempted suicide , pain , hatred and music . As a follow-up to the successful Scenes from A Marriage , 30 years ago . Marianne , a lawyer , visits her wealthy through an inheritance , ex-husband Johan , 86 , who lives in the forest near the lake . During the marriage , he was unfaithful . Living nearby is Johan 's 60ish son Henrik , who heads an orchestra and his 19-year old daughter , a celloist , Karin , who is taught by her father . Johan and Henrik despise each other.Henrik 's wife died two years ago and he is miserable . He has an unhealthy obsession , in other words , an incestual relationship with his daughter . Bergman clearly leaves that impression as they sleep in the same bed . Karin is the recipient of his pain.Marianne encounters the sadness of Karin , they share talks openly , and Marianne learns the hostility of Henrik of his father . Through a letter Karin discovered , she learns about Anna , the wife who died.A memorable quote : Henrik speaking to Marianne of his father
 `` A saraband is a grave , courtly Baroque dance . . `` Marianne -LRB- Liv Ullmann -RRB- and Johan -LRB- Erland Josephson -RRB- , the heroes of `` Scenes of a Marriage -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , meet again after thirty years when Marianne suddenly decides to visit Johan at his old summer house . When he asked why she came , she answered that she thought he had called for her . The story of Marianne and Johan in this film provides a background for another story which involved Johan 's son from his first marriage , 61 year old musician Henric and his 19 year old daughter Karin whom Henric has been giving cello lessons and dreams of her becoming a famous performer . There is one more character present in the movie , even though she 's been dead for two years - Anna , late Henric 's wife and Karin 's mother who has been deeply missed and mourned by everyone including Johan.This film is dedicated to Ingrid von Rosen , Bergman 's last wife who died in 1995 . It is her face we see at the photograph of Anna which Bergman shows over and over again . It seems to me that one of the reasons of making `` Saraband '' was for Bergman the chance to say to Ingrid , `` I love you and I miss you and even death ca n't take you from me '' . In his last movie , Bergman sadly proves -LRB- once again -RRB- that even time ca n't heal the painful wounds caused by deeply-rooted hatred which is only one step away from love . How disturbing was the scene between 86 - year-old father and 61-year-old son . They looked the same age , old , grey-haired men who still cherish the hatred and contempt for each other that go way back and there is no victory in this power struggle . But there is hope in the movie for young Karin who breaks out of the world that she was forced to believe she belonged to but she did not and she found the strength to leave and to be free and to make her own decisions ... As all Bergman 's films , `` Saraband '' does not provide the easy answers to the difficult questions ; it does not provide any answers at all but as old Johan in the most moving scene of the film bares his body , Bergman bares his very soul and lets us look inside of it and maybe learn something about ourselves .4.5 / 5
 Francois Truffaut once wrote that , in Ingmar Bergman 's films , only the women are three-dimensional characters - the men are all ciphers . I do n't know if the men are necessarily ciphers in this film , but they certainly have issues . Saraband , of course , is the sequel to Scenes from a Marriage . I did n't like the character of Johann then , and I like him even less now ; he is a selfish , sadistic man who uses everyone and feels endlessly sorry for himself . The other male character in the film is his elderly son , Henrik . Johan has always been a bad father to Henrik and now , as a result , Henrik has turned into a monster . The two of them live nearby so they can torture each other as Henrik grieves for his wife.Henrik lives in a cottage with his eighteen-year-old daughter , Karin . In fact , the two of them sleep in the same bed . They have a quasi-incestuous relationship - if not an actually incestuous one.The movie is composed of ten chapters , plus a prologue and an epilogue . We take up with Marianne -LRB- Liv Ullman -RRB- as she is going over a table of pictures . Speaking directly to the camera , she reflects on her life and her thoughts turn towards her ex-husband , whom she has n't seen in thirty years . She decides to pay him a visit . As with many Bergman films , Saraband is a ghost story without a ghost . Marianne arrives to a haunted house - doors open and close by themselves . But it is not the house - it is the characters who are haunted.Bergman claims that this is his last work on film . Thank goodness he had another great film left in him . It is a shame however , that his mind seems made up . There is a `` making-of '' documentary on the disc in which the old master looks pretty spry .
 This is a wonderfully dark comedy about a Canadian teenager who genuinely thinks he is the reincarnation of Lev Davidovitch Bronstein , better known as Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky . He imposes his own reality on those around him , much to their frustration , but no one can deny his determination . He 's a one-man wrecking ball who wo n't take no for an answer . Trotsky 's first wife was called Alexandra and was 10 years older than him . So when our teenager meets a 27-year-old woman called Alexandra , he pursues her with enormous energy . He infuriates his father so much that he 's pulled out of his expensive private school and sent to a west Montreal high school , where he angers the strict new headmaster by insisting the students be allowed to create a union . The film cracks along and there is a regular supply of laughs -- forget those who say you need an understanding of the Russian Revolution to really appreciate what 's happening . The climax of the film , where the young Trotsky learns whether his attempts to unionise the school , descends into something of a cliche . That said , the director recovers his touch and `` The Trotsky '' ends on a delightful tone . This is one of the best films I 've seen this year .
 Jay Baruchel -LRB- `` How to Train Your Dragon , '' `` She 's Out of My League '' and `` Tropic Thunder '' -RRB- plays a high-school student named Leon who is barking mad . To the consternation of his exasperated parents , he insists that he is the reincarnation of Leon Trotsky , the notorious Communist who was a leader of the Russian Revolution in 1917 . His first attempt at a summer job fails abysmally because he tries to organize the workers into a labor union , at his father 's business ! His activism causes enough trouble at school that his parents , in an attempt to punish him , condemn him to a -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- PUBLIC SCHOOL for his next year of high school . Undaunted , he forges ahead , trying to create a Student Union that is a real union of students , complete with demands of the faculty . Of course his main challenge is the apathy of his classmates.Given today 's economic climate , his anti-business/anti-bankers rants actually garnered a spattering of applause in the 2010 Seattle International Film Festival audience . It is fun to see a comedy that is n't about T & A , but instead about a youthful psyche groping with some serious philosophies.You can get this on regular DVD or Blu Ray from Amazon.com .
 I loved this movie . . Jay Baruchal is such a good actor . . I cant wait till this is out on DVD.if you like politics you will especially like this movie and will understand some of the scenes better . . though it does not matter what political philosophy you hold . . there is a hilarious part involving Ayn Rand . . this movie is my favorite in long time .
 This is one of my favourite films of the past decade . Good work by writer/director Jacob Tierney . I 'd originally thought of rating it 4.5 stars , but am bumping it up on the strength of the DVD extras . It 's brainy enough that a neo-marxist reading list would n't be out of place here -LRB- perhaps for the director 's cut ? -RRB- , but there are also some funny bits of physical comedy -- and Baruchel succeeds in making the precocious teenaged activist Leon Bronstein likable and very human . You do n't have to be a history buff or a Canadian to enjoy this ... though there are a few hilarious in-jokes -LRB- references to Levesque , Parizeau , and the city of London Ontario -RRB- that had even west coast audiences laughing out loud . There are some superb supporting performances here from longtime veterans like Bujold , Feore , Rubinek , and Murphy , as well as younger actors like Mabe , Horn , Pirie , and Camacho . Even Ben Mulroney makes an appearance.Alongside the comedy and romantic moments , the film raises some interesting questions about commitment to social change -- will Leon 's idealism inspire his society , or will he become complacent or disillusioned like some of the older 60s generation he encounters ? This film is really more about the soft-left perspective than about the darker side of political revolutions in the 20th century , which have already been examined by other artists like George Orwell . On the micro-scale of a high school student council , though , it works fine -- and it 's also a thoughtful examination of what it actually does take to overcome apathy . A couple of years after this film 's release , Montreal was filled with students in the `` Maple Spring '' , one of the country 's biggest protest movements . I have no idea whether the film played a role in this , but I 'm certain that tens of thousands of young people went through the same struggles as Tony , Caroline , Sarah , and Skip , when they decided to pick up a banner and hit the streets -- and that 's true whether they 're in Cairo , Athens , or Washington DC .
 This film documents a utopian vision of the future that was a beacon of hope to Depression weary America . You have to love something that reminds you constantly , `` This is the world of 1960 ! '' Orchard trees under individual glass domes , tremendous highway systems with cars going 100 miles per hour and spaced by radio control . This was a future that might have come true to some degree had a World War not turned things upside down . As much at fault as the war , however , was the unwillingness of a nation to level existing infrastructure to remap , rethink , redo entire cities from scratch . Also there were the two game changers of an emerging Soviet threat and the power of the atomic bomb . A form of highway system WAS built and it DID increase traffic flow . Indeed , it satisfied the prognostication that living in small towns one could still savor the advantages of the big cities . However they were not radio controlled and not contoured . They had to sadly do double duty as emergency air landing strips and had to be primitive fail-safe technology to keep strategic strikes from turning the highways into parking lots.For anyone who ever grew up looking with longing at the doughnut-shaped space stations of Chesley Bonestell 's paintings or dreamed of flying cars for the masses , hoped to retire to the Lunar Colony Alpha or jet along in a transport tube , this is the future that came just before , a future driven not by the atom or the space race but rather the extension of electricity and safe , effective transportation to the masses . Before Disney reminded us `` It 's a Small World After All '' , we had `` To New Horizons '' telling us that geography no longer limited the ambitions of mankind . In some ways , perhaps , we are marching ever forward into those new horizons , and perhaps that 's the way it should be .
 `` Breathtaking Alpine Scenery and rich history of Switzerland are beautifully documented . Each program takes you on a different journey , explaining the history and working of the rail system itself , and stopping along the way to tour fashionable resort towns , castles , and other attractions that make Switzerland one of the worlds most popular travel destinations . '' This series of broadcast quality Swiss Rail travel videos was produced by former BBC producers Sue Knight and Chris Harnett . The series has been broadcast on PBS so the quality is first rate . The six tapes include The Albula Line
 I have many , many videos in all types of genre . This is one of the few box sets that stays close to the VCR for viewing . I 've viewed all the tapes in this box set and they 're all high quality railway videos . The editing of train , landscape and points-of-interest shots merge nicely with a comprehensive , yet non-obsessive narration . Some of the technical information may seem to be over-the-top for some viewers , but it 's not the basis for these videos . The narration includes historical , technical , tourism and demographical information . In all , a well rounded description of the railway that the viewer is traveling .
 These six videos , and the nine that follow , are done the way documentaries should be done . Narration is no more than absolutely necessary , the background music adds to the production and never intrudes , and the image quality is about as good as you can get on VHS tape . Favorite in this set is Arosa Line and Brunig Line parts 1 and 2 -- absolutely breathtaking . There is a good deal of technical and historic railroad information presented , probably for the British trainspotter hobbyists . Following the six videotapes in Swiss Rail Journeys I , there are another six in set II and three more in set III . So far as I can tell , these are still the only ones available in the US from the 24 total programs produced by MITV . -LRB- The full set of 24 is sold on DVD by MITV on its Web site , but only in European PAL format , so unless you own a PAL to NTSC converter , you 're out of luck there . -RRB-
 This is a beautiful and breathtaking video . Scenery was out of this world and I am extremely glad I bought it
 These videos are fantastic especially for train buffs . There is a lot of technical narration about locomotive model numbers , gradient information , etc. that will bore most viewers , but Euro-railroad fans and those of you who have travelled by train in Europe should really enjoy it . The scenery is spectacular . Footage comes from inside the cab or from helicopters artfully filming the trains on days of the most spectacular weather -LRB- that I can hardly remember over 4 years of Army duty near the Swiss border ! -RRB- . The producers picked the choicest of days to film the trains . A catchy `` sticks in your head '' musical score is used throughout the video series . Anyone who has travelled by train in Switzerland or Germany will love these videos . I watch them over and over .
 Mildly entertaining . More so if you were a part of the NYC . club scene at this time or had aspired to been. , 23 May 2006Author
 love this movie jean claude van damme at his best great fun for all action fans do not miss this one
 great to see jean claude in a non-martial arts movie , not a oscar winner by any mean , but a good storey , up dated by modern advances in photography , see it , and see history , the way it was . .
 I 'd never even heard of `` Legionaire '' until a skit on `` Saturday Night Live '' -LRB- where Kris Kattan portrayed VanDamme -RRB- made fun of the fact that nobody saw this movie . I of course thought that this movie must be godawful , so I rented it just to be entertained by its horribleness . But I was amazed at what a great movie this was ! It was kind of cheesy in places -LRB- like those stupid flashbacks that are supposed to be heartwarming and touching but are really just annoying -RRB- but the action sequences are really good . I 'm surprised that a decent movie like this goes straight to video while other movies which are far more lame and stupid make it to the big screen . If you rent it you wo n't be disappointed , especially if you have low expectations to begin with
 One of the few and possibly only Van Damme movie where the character is n't a martial artist but a man running from his past and who joins the Foreign Legend around 1925 . The DVD also features a history of the legend which was well presented and quite interesting . The film remains faithful to the grim life of the Legionaires and I give Van Damme credit for trying a different type of action movie . This movie stands with Time Cop and Sudden Death as great action films that can be enjoyed again and again .
 Was that even a Van Damme film ? ... oh well , that 's how I would discribe this Van Damme film . Great sets , Great locations , Great costumes , Great props , ok acting ... this is Van damme after all ! The only 2 things I could complain about is the fact that Van Damme was a little bit cheesy about being proud to be a LEGIONAIRE and the ending -LRB- I wont spoil it -RRB- ... . it just seemed prodictable to me . All in all , this is a good film and I recommend this as one of the best Van Damme films .
 This is only the second Van-Damme movie I have really enjoyed , the other being Cyborg . This movie is a real old-fashioned adventure like they used to make , visually striking , with great camera work and spectacular battles . There was no over-used Kung-Fu , no tired technological gadgets , and best of all , no James Cameronesque `` tough-guy '' talk -LRB- Nobody shouts `` Let 's ROCK N ' ROLL ! '' etc. -RRB- In short , Legionnaire is a completely entertaining adventure story with none of the sickening '90s `` attitude '' that makes so many adventure films today unwatchable . This movie deserved theatrical release ! Lets hope Van Damme continues to make great historical adventures . I 'd like to see him do one about Camerone , in Mexico , 1863 , which was one of the battles that `` made '' the French Foreign Legion . If you like Legionnaire , watch any of the Beau Geste movies , or try to find March Or Die , -LRB- 1977 -RRB- starring Gene Hackman and Terence Hill .
 one of the best van damme films , excellent fight scenes , well worth i
 Van Damme has a few movies under his belt , but they are a mixed bunch , that 's for sure . Legionnaire , however , is one of Van Damme 's better movies . Van Damme plays a Frenchman who joins the Foreign Legion after a tangled love affair goes wrong . We get some action before Van Damme joins the Legion , by way of boxing matches and then we are provided with some quality military action set in the desert . I must confess to enjoying this movie . Van Damme did n't overact and he actually suited the role . His supporting cast also did a nice job . The locations were quite inspiring . The script was very cliche in parts , but was acceptable . The highlight for me was the ambush and climatic battle scene in the latter stages of the movie . They were very well done . Overall , a well done action movie set around an uncommon theme and location . Recommended .
 I grew up watching `` Beau Geste '' -LRB- which is a film which deserves to be on DVD -RRB- and all other films about the French Foreign Legion fall or rise to that film 's greatness . That being so , `` Legionnaire '' stands as a solid drama of the men who join the legion to forget their past lives and to rebuild new ones -- if they survive . The film is well-crafted and the wide-screen format is perfect in bringing the viewer the feel of the desert -- its vastness , its heat , and its beauty . The film 's action scenes are sensational and the final battles are both memorable and brutal . Jean-Claude Van Damme proves he is more than just a good body or fighting machine -- he does some fine acting in this film . One wishes that it could be seen on the large screen -- it deserves it .
 Legionnaire is a flashback to the old Foreign Legion films starring Gary Cooper like Beau Geste or Gunga Din . The movie tells the story of a boxer who betrays a French mob boss when he goes back on a deal . He is then forced to join the Foreign Legion when he has nowhere else to turn too . The film follows the training of the new company and then there battles against the Rif tribesmen . This film is very different from most of Jean-Claude Van Damme movies , but it is very good . He does n't fight throughout the movie instead actually talking although there are plenty of action scenes.Surprisingly , Van Damme is very good as Alain DuChamps , the boxer forced into the Legion . He is very believable in the role . The supporting cast for this movie stands out as above average compared to other Van Damme action movies . Nicholas Farrell is excellent as Macentosh , the ex-soldier with a weakness for gambling . Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje plays Alain 's friend , Luther , a man fed up with his past and how he 's been treated . He is excellent in the supporting role to Van Damme and Farrell . Also starring are Steven Berkoff and Jim Carter . This is an excellent movie with grand landscapes in the African landscape , well put together action scenes , and believable characters . This movie deserved better than its straight to video release . The DVD offers widescreen presentation , a theatrical trailer and teaser , rare photographs of the Foreign Legion in action , and several behind the scenes documentaries and interviews with the cast and crew . There is plenty here for Van Damme fans and also action fans . Check this movie out !
 Definitely a good movie , Legionnaire , brings to the screen the story of a French boxer , who refuses to take part in a rigged match resulting in his joining the Foreign Legion.It is the 1920 's . France 's North African colonies are experiencing Arab national revolutions and the French Foreign Legion is looking for new recruits in Europe as they sense their hold is weakening.The movie is action packed , the special effects are great , the acting is excellent and the cast are wonderful.Jean-Claude Van Damme , Steven Berkoff , Nicholas Farrell , and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least ! All the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows -LRB- the chemistry is AMAZING -RRB- ! Consequently , they have done a superb job of providing an entertaining film that can be watched over and over again.There is a wonderful feel of History ; the clash between the French and Arabs is as fascinating as the interaction between the different nationalities found within the Legion , and both are presented very well in the film.History , Battles , Intrigue , Duty , and Honor are all about.The setting , the plot , the dialogues , the costumes , and the music are all wonderful!The film combines romance , drama , action and adventure making it a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection !
 In truth , I thought the end was here for Van Damme -- his last few films were uninspired , humourless , shameless retreads of better films by worse actors . But Legionnaire redeems his oeuvre by ignoring him throughout much of the film , giving the best lines and most of the drama to a group of relatively unknown but excellent character actors . The editing is flawless , and let 's face it ; no director ever went broke by ripping off Lawrence of Arabia . I love Van Damme films , and I 'm telling everybody to rent it because it 's not a true Van Damme picture .
 The Jean Claude Van Damme Review Matrix -LRB- JCVD-RM -RRB- 1 . Who is he ? A 1920s French boxer named Alain Lefevre , a womanizing champion boxer who refuses to take a dive , and has his eyes/history for a mobster 's girlfriend2 . Which family member/friend must be avenged ? A long-time friend and boxing promoter gets 86 'd after a crooked fight .3 . Does he take his shirt off ? And pants in an all male shower , in a rare bare-butt scene for JCVD4 . Does he have sex with a C-List actress ? No , but there is that shower ... 5 . Is there a tournament ? No tournament at all , this is a different movie for Van Damme6 . Is training needed for this tournament ? Aaaarmy training sir ! 7 . Does he do the splits in training or in the tournament ? No splits are necessary when you have a rifle8 . Does he punch someone in the balls ? Sadly , JCVD is breaking all of his movie rules in this one .9 . Does he do a series of flying or 360 kicks ? Unbelievably , he does n't kick at all . I guess being a boxer makes kicking forbidden .10 . Is his enemy unbeatable ? A bunch of Berber warriors on horses are hardly worthy of JCVD 's awe-inspiring will to win .11 . Does he overcome an injury or other hindrance ? Throughout this movie there is more than one person who poses a roadblock for JCVD . The love of his life is lost to him early on . While in the French Foreign Legion he has to team up with a squirrelly Frenchman named Rosetti who ca n't march more than a day without falling out , a surly black American who breaks every rule , and a posh Brit with a drinking problem who was dishonorably discharged from the British military .12 . Does he win ? This might be the first movie since No Retreat No Surrender in which JCVD is not the unequivocal winner and hero of the movie.Straying quite a bit from his norm , Van Damme takes on a role and a script that strays from most of his standard practices . Very little fighting immediately makes it foreign territory for him , but the fact that this plays out like a Lawrence of Arabia -LRB- maybe even Beau Geste -RRB- than Lionheart - another movie in which he plays a character on the run who joins the French Foreign Legion and gets stationed in northern Africa.Production values and cinematography in this film truly reflect the 35 million dollar budget . Stunning desert landscapes and multiple juxtapositions of the sun create foreboding dimensions which visually explain Lefevre 's hopeless and weathered outlook on life . Other aspects of the time period are perfect , with the music and costumes providing authenticity . Even the supporting cast is superb , most notably Steven Berkoff as hard-nosed Sgt. Steinkampf.Essentially this is about men running away from lives , seeking new future , finding camaraderie and danger in the French Foreign Legion , and fighting until the last breath for survival . This movie is extremely underrated , and I highly recommend it .
 ... it was not intended to be.I like movies about the French Foreign Legion . I like this movie.All of the stock-characters and stereotypes are here , and the plot is as old as ... well ... as old as movies about the Legion!Van Damme is , of course , the recruit seeking escape in the Legion from enemies on civvy-street . It is that preliminary background that rather drags -LRB- `` Yes , yes , he 's on the run ... get on with it ! '' -RRB- . The training stage in Africa is not particularly well done , either . But once the `` bleus '' get marching to that far-away , isolated fort -- and the Rifs -- the action picks up.A number of reviewers do not like this film because it is not a martial arts film . That 's their prerogative . But this was not billed as a `` Van Damme martial arts film , '' so I think their criticism unfair.Van Damme actually does some acting , here , and he is more at home in a besieged fort or boxing ring than in a night-club or romancing the `` female interest '' character . It 's not high-art , but it 's entertaining , so pass the wine ration and quit your grumbling !
 I think this is direct to TV , I certainly never heard of it in the theaters.Jean Claude Van Damme stars as a boxer who is supposed to throw a fight . When he meets his old girlfriend who he stiffed at their wedding he decides to run away with her . This does n't work out and he decides to run away to join the French Foreign Legion . He knows that it is going to be bad going in but has to do it . I wish they would have explained a little more of exactly why he joined but that is really the only major flaw in the movie . The interaction between the main charcters who Jean Claude meets is the shining point in the movie . Adewale Akinnouye-Agbaje 's -LRB- Oz , Lost -RRB- southern accent was odd to hear . It did n't fully work for me but it is always great to see him on screen . Everybody is great and they stick by each other no matter what and everybody just does a brilliant acting job overall . Jean Claude 's facial expressions looked stiff for the most part but he was the worst of the bunch and still did pretty good for himself.While fighting battles with no of chance winning , some of Jean Claude 's past catches up with him but the heart of the story is between the main characters and the story remains that way until the end which was a good choice.I was completely surprised this was n't your standard B-action flick . It is actually a very good movie with great sets and superb battle scenes . The cinematography in the desert is one of the finer points of the movie . No stylized action and the movie is all the better for it . We do n't need to see Jean Claude doing super kicks and taking out everybody who has a gun with his bare 2 hands . We have seen that way too many times . You could tell it was right at this point in his career that he wanted to start doing better movies and he has put out about 4 good movies since this . Things are definitely looking up for the man who 's first starring role was in Ng See Yuen 's ` No Retreat , No Surrender ' -LRB- AKA Karate Tiger -RRB- . The movie gets a 3.5 from me but I can only pick a 3 or a 4 . I do n't know if I would watch it again since I am a hardcore action junkie but it was damn good movie.This is a great DVD release from Sterling Entertainment . Picture is widecreened in a letterboxed format . Only 2-channel sound but still pretty good.Special features include a 7 minute behind the scenes . It has an interview with one of the producers where he talks about Jean Claude . It also has an interview with the director and you get a little bit of a look behind the scenes.There is a French Foreign Legion section and has a good interview with an historian . This is very good information wise and briefly tells how the Legion came to be and a bit about what happens after this movie . Best special feature on here . Also in this section is a very brief recent look at the FFL , text given on descriptions of weapons used , and a still gallery of filming the movie.There is also a commentary with the writer of the movie.The back of the DVD case also says that it has a commentary from a FFL expert and I was very disappointed not to find that on the disc .
 Anyone who gave this movie a 1 star rating needs to go find a really high cliff to go jump off of . This is actually a pretty decent film , with some beautiful shots and cool desert scenery , and ok acting from Van Damme . Most of the supporting cast play their parts quite well too I believe -LRB- and seemingly good chemistry between the main characters -RRB- . I mean yeah of course this is n't Lawrence of Arabia or Saving private ryan , but then again what else is ? I ca n't tell you how many times I 've watched this movie , it has some kind of pleasant addicting nature to it that I ca n't quite describe . A great film to watch if you are sick at home or just plain out of your mind bored . And also , I 'll definitely have to give this movie props as being the best movie I 've ever found in the Walmart 5 dollar bin . Even better than the lower budget clint eastwood flicks that I 've found in there . It 's THAT good !
 This is one of the best movies . It has everything
 This immortal piece of cinema pits the genius Jean-Claude Van Damme to join the French legion . After establishing himself as `` A Genius '' , Van Damme impersonates a French legion officer and he becomes the lone survivor after a merciless battle . I can see he was trying to be Rambo , but he fell a little short . Rambo is pretty much an icon in American history , you ca n't touch that . This movie should have played in the theaters instead of going straight-to-tape . Tragedy ! A good effort though Van Damme .
 This movie was good , because it show 's that Van Damme does n't have to kick the crap out of people to star in a movie . It has a good story to it and some emotional scenes that show Van Damme 's true acting abilities . Definitly worth renting .
 You will love this movie or you will hate it . People expecting a usual Van Damme karate movie will be suprised to see that there is n't much of that kind of action in it . I watched this movie only a half hour ago and I liked all the way . The acting of Van Damme is at its best -LRB- Though its stil not good -RRB- This movie goes deeper than other Van Damme Flicks . People who say its boring probably bought this movie because they wanted to see Van Damme kick and punch his opponents to death.Alain Lefevre -LRB- Van Damme -RRB- joins the foreigner Legion after double-crossing some kind of Maffia guy . In the Legion he makes friends that include a black guy that joined the Legion so he could escape America and go to Africa , an addicted Gambler from the U.K. and a sissy that wanted to prove himself to his Parents in law . They will be followed during the events they have in the Legion.With a good dose of drama and Action , placed in beautiful settings , this movie provided me an entertaining 90 minutes . Its a shame that this movie did n't ended up in the theaters and Universal Soldier
 I grew up loving movies and books about the Foreign Legion ; the misfit recruits , the brutal sergeants , the doomed stand against the odds in a lonely desert fort . So it was with some trepidation that I watched `` Legionnaire '' . I had never previously watched a movie starring Jean-Claude van Damme , and I am no fan of martial arts movies . Would he mess it up with pointless anachronisms , a legionnaire/kick boxer ? But I was happily surprised by this movie . All of the basic elements of a good Foreign Legion movie were present and the production values were first rate . The cast was strong , with all of the standard stereotypical misfits becoming Legionnaires with the Legion 's `` Marche ou creve '' spirit . This film is by no means movie as great art , but it 's solid , well done and entertaining . Movie as comfort food . I loved it .
 VAN DAMME shows his another aspects through this movie . it contains humanity , friendship , frustration , and some good fight scenes . It is very worth seeing .
 This is a very good Van Damme movie . It is not his best movie . But I would have to say it was his best acting . Great action scenes .
 This is classic jean claude van damme movie . This movie brings you to tears . It is filled with action from beginning to end .
 Van Damme scores big in this movie . Finally he has picked a movie with a decent supporting cast and a good story . Unlike previous films , Van Damme 's kickboxing and martial arts skills are blended nicely with real life situations and drama . This movie deserved a theatrical release , the action is tasteful and the movie has a quick but meaningful pace . Some of the characters have some tired dialogue about being presecuted , but that aside the actors fit their roles . Overall the movie ranks among one of Van Dammes better emotional roles . Lionheart has the same tug on the heart strings , as well as the Legionaire angle .
 I went the store and i saw this movie on the counter and they had Van Damnes pic on it so i got it , i watched it , I wasnt pleased , i mean the movie was excellent , but where in the hell is Van Damnes high flying kicks , I am like a huge fan of Van Damne.This is like the only movie i didnt see him do his fancy kicks.This movie is worth watching , but if u wan na see his kicks dont get this one .
 This movie definately deserves more credit than it has been given in other reviews . I usually can not stand Van Damme , but my wife told me this was a good movie -LRB- she saw it on cable -RRB- . I rented it , and liked it alot . This movie seemed to be loosely based an out of print 1977 movie called `` march or die '' . This one is better.Van damme tries to double-cross some french gangster , and blows it horribly . His only alternative to being murdered is to join the Foreign Legion.He winds up in North Africa , along with a bunch of other undesirables . The Legion is assigned to protecting french interests in that region . If you know your history of the French Foreign Legion , you will know that they always seemed to get the short end of the stick when it came to combat . This movie is pretty historically accurate in this sense . The legionnaires are outnumbered , poorly supplied , and isolated . As you can expect , they get whupped , pretty bad , too -LRB- just like real life -RRB- . No BS here . No cavalry riding in to save the day , or some herculean feat which thwarts the enemy . They fight a losing battle , and are killed to the last man.The cinematgraphy is excellent . The on-location shooting lends favorable credibilty to this movie . The uniforms , weapons , and settings provide real authenticity . Van Dammes ' accent -LRB- which usually irritates me -RRB- blends in with this movie suprisingly well . Since the Foreign legion is replete with , well , foreigners , his accent goes well with the other german , english , and italian accents one would expect from such an entity . The dialogue is also well written . It can get a little mushy and mopey , but it does not detract from the overall film . I would sum this up as a war/romance movie . this is definately NOT the typical Van Damme flick . Those of you looking for his typical stuff -LRB- karate/action -RRB- , will be sorely dissapointed . Some military enthusiasts will like the authenticity . My wife liked it , and she hates Van Damme , so even the female counterparts will like it . I grudgingly have to admit that Van Damme suprised me with his acting ability . He is still no Cary Grant , but I can look at him in a new light with more respect . He did a pretty good job in this movie . I would have to rate this as one of my favorite movies . It is just plain good overall.Oh , by the way , to the person who wrote the previous review about him wielding a gatlin gun , and firing it standing up
 Great movie - a historically correct depiction of the Legion of the '20s , and Van Damme plays a character who embodies the classic heroic traits of courage , honor and nobility.The desert scenes , especially the marches , convey the sense of struggle and tribulation with which every infantryman is familiar.Credits at the end are run to a beautiful rendition of the immortal tune `` Mon Legionnaire '' , made popular in the '30s when recorded by Edith Piaf .
 I heard the reason why this one did n't get a theater releases was because Van-Damme 's previous ; `` Knock-Off '' was a dud . `` Legionnaire '' is definitely one of his best . The movie has a great story that is very beautifully shot , with action sequences that are reminiscent of `` Glory '' and `` The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles '' The supporting cast also lends great acting and overall this movie must not be overlooked . This aint your usual `` kick-butt '' Van-Damme film , but very much better . Give this film a chance and you 'll see why it deserves a theatre first audience . Also the DVD is well done with animated menus and tons of historical footage and documentaties about the Foriegn Legion .
 It 's a shame this movie did n't have a theatrical release . It 's one of the best Foreign Legion flicks around , and if its a bit short on plot it more than makes up for it with some very solid action sequences . Van Damme plays a 1920s boxer excaping to the Legion after double-crossing a crooked boxing promoter and losing his girlfriend in the process . The very-overated `` Beau Geste , '' by comparison , is definitely a better story-line , but Gary Cooper was way too old to play the title role and he 's too wooden . Admittedly , Van Damme might not win an Oscar but he does a very good job as part of a solid ensemble cast of lesser-known actors playing the usual riff-raff joining the FFL
 You do n't watch Van Damme movies for the acting , realism or historical accuracy.With good reason.However , some predictable clich&eacute;s and highly unlikely events aside , this film is pretty decent , has lots of action - which is what Van Damme does best - and is worth having if you 're a Legion fan .
 This is one the best Legion movies to come out in recent years . A straight-forward plot sets the action in motion . I must confess to not being a Van Damme fan , and actually knew little about him before this film , but I give him credit for a good job here . In fact he seems to have co-produced it which I also appluad . He gives a solid performance combining humor with pathos and sadness . The film provides a realistic view of the Legion during the murderous Riff Wars of the 1920s . This was just after WW1 and France was hard-pressed to hold onto her Algerian colonies . The movie accurately portrays the brutal atmosphere of the Legion from training to combat . The harshness of life , the tough NCOs and the inadequate officers who indifferently lead the Legion are all well shown . One can almost say that this is a modern re-make of BEAU GESTE , but it also combines elements of MARCH OR DIE as well . Still , there is enough here that is original and allows LEGIONAIRE to stand on its own with those two earlier classics . The film movies quickly and is handsomely produced . Fans of the Legion will surely enjoy , and those use to Van Damme in a different kind of film may be intriqued as well . No doubt the only Legion film we may see for a while it follows in the tradition of that genre . Recommended .
 This is not the typical chop-socky Van Damme flick . Heck , Van Damme does n't even do his crescent kick , his cherished trademark . Instead , it 's a war movie about the French Foreign Legion in 1925 that is sent to war in Africa . Van Damme plays Alain , a fugitive boxer who signs up with the Legion as a way of escape from gangsters . This all happens within the first 10 or so minutes . The large bulk of the film has Alain befriending his fellow legionnaires and learning the values of friendship even in a time of war . True , this movie is rather predictable and many of the characters seem cliche , but the cinematography , score and -LRB- surprisingly -RRB- acting are all above average . Even Van Damme pulls off a convincing performance , proving that when he 's given a good script , he can be believable . The reason this $ 40 million film was never released in theaters was because of its downbeat ending . Do n't be fooled by its direct-to-video nature , though . This is a good one for the war/action fan .
 This immortal piece of cinema pits the genius Jean-Claude Van Damme to join the French legion . After establishing himself as `` A Genius '' , Van Damme impersonates a French legion officer and he becomes the lone survivor after a merciless battle . I can see he was trying to be Rambo , but he fell a little short . Rambo is pretty much an icon in American history , you ca n't touch that . This movie should have played in the theaters instead of going straight-to-tape . Tragedy ! A good effort though Van Damme .
 This is an excellent adaptation that leaves out some of the more sinister elements/overtones . There are no bawdy barroom scenes . Levity is provided by the addition of several animals . Oliver has a pet toad named Squeakers , Fagin has a parrot that `` parrots '' back Fagin 's words -LRB- even when it gets him in trouble -RRB- , there are a few more birds in the thieves abode and a cat . Naturally the cat scraps with Bill Sike 's dog Bullseye , providing a comedic break.Other than being somewhat disappointed/annoyed by the lack of `` color '' in Fagin 's voice , I found this thoroughly entertaining . It follows the book quite well for a 90 min . version . It is for the young set , grades K-1 to 5-6 . It will be more palatable to many families than the G rated Broadway film , Oliver Twist , The Musical . The latter is more touching , heartbreaking , and real for some sensitive youngsters . It is over the top wonderful for all ... except ages 0-7 or 8 . Addl Note -- My copy says 1973 on the back .
 This is without a doubt one of the funniest shows on TV . Each character is so distinct and will probably remind you of somebody in your own family . Unlike most sitcoms , which seem to take really unrealistic characters and throw them into unrealistic situations , Raymond works taking a normal situation and exaggerating it to show the humor . I pull these DVDs out whenever I need a laugh . They 're well worth the cost .
 This was a good deal for two seasons worth of shows . I am trying to buy the complete set over time , since it is one of the few shows our whole family enjoys . We have no access to television in our rural area except for dish , which we ca n't afford to commit to for a couple of years . Everybody Loves Raymond is really a timeless family comedy , and we can watch the shows many times over without getting tired of them . Of course , we do n't see any likeness to ourselves or any other family members ...
 I sure do like this show . . and the dvd quality is fine . . i also find it is like my real family , as i guess most ppl do , and that is why it was so popular . I like each character , and they do make me laugh , and i believe that is what the show is supposed to do . It is good pretty clean fun , and i do n't have to worry bout turning it off by something i find tasteless.I think this show is one that anybody can relate to , one way or another .
 I love the Everybody Love Raymond series , I think they are really funny , so if you collect comedy then this is a good set to get
 Have long been fans of this show , and now we are able to see this very crazy and goofy family any time we want . Good family entertainment , that you can truly sit and watch with your children and grand children .
 Excelente , el empaque es tipo libro muy llamativo , tambi&eacute;n tiene audio y subtitulos en espa & ntilde ; ol y a un excelente precio !!!!
 `` everybody loves raymond '' is , in my book , the greatest sitcom in history . i love how though the whole barone family can swing way out of control , but then swing right back to the way it was - in complete pandemonium : D
 WE NOW HAVE THE FIRST 6 SEASONS ON DVD AND JUST CA N'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS CLASSIC SERIES.AMAZON HAS THEM AVAILABLE AT A GREAT PRICE AND WE WILL BE BACK FOR MORE .
 Everybody Loves Raymond , is my fave ... . Always makes me laugh , AND that is a very GOOD thing ... You know the old saying
 A welcome throwback to the days of scaled-down , DIY shot - on-video horror in the woods like Savage Harvest , Summer People is that rarity in indie horror , a slow burner that takes its time to build atmosphere , characters , and creeping dread rather than assaulting the viewer from frame one with jackhammer effects and editing . This debut feature for director Scott Feinblatt follows four kids as they venture out into the boonies to stay at a remote cabin , and the local townspeople do n't seem entirely comfortable with these `` summer people '' stirring up trouble in their neck of the woods.Before you can growl `` I 'll swallow your soul , '' the idiots are dabbling around in black magic , unaware that Native American spirits control the land and are still coexisting harmoniously -LRB- more or less -RRB- with the residents . Freaky little events like rearranging furniture set everyone on edge , and then things ... start to turn nasty . Though obviously shot on the cheap -LRB- most daylight scenes rely entirely on natural light -RRB- and reliant on the most familiar plot in the horror handbook , Summer People distinguishes itself with solid performances by the leads -LRB- especially Neil Kubath , who could be an indie actor to watch -RRB- , some surprisingly ambitious shocks in the second half , a creepy downbeat ending , and the aforementioned confidence to rely on story and pacing instead of pure sensationalism . Ah , and there 's an animated opening and closing , too!The DVD is presented in anamorphic widescreen , looking about as good as it could . Extras include a handful of deleted -LRB- basically just expanded -RRB- scenes with some additional exposition , a funny 15-minute collection of behind-the-scenes footage -LRB- most memorable for accounts of the director 's accidental double entendres and an impromptu trip to WalMart -RRB- , and galleries of special effects make-up , stills , and storyboards.Originally posted by Nathanial Thompson at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Definitely one of the most innovative movies I have seen recently , and this DVD edition really gives you the special features that you want . This movie will always have you asking `` What next ! ''
 A great movie , fast , moving , totally capturing . It makes you think , it makes you dance , it makes your heart beat faster , and most important of all it makes you realize how important `` a second '' of lifetime can be and how it can change everything .
 I loved this movie ! Not only was I fascinated with Lola 's hair , but this movie was captivating . A fresh , simple story line with a pulsing soundtrack -LRB- in which the director and Franka sing -RRB- make this movie one of the most exciting I 've seen in a long time .
 The focus of this brief window into the lives of Lola and Manni was not the situation that they found themselves in , but how the effect of each instant of our existance can impact the rest of our lives . Through miniscule changes in timing , we witnessed a domino effect that ended each vignette drastically different . Have you ever narrowly missed being in a car crash ? What if you had dropped your keys getting into the car , adding several seconds that would eventually cause your course to parallel anothers and converge in an auto accident . In the film , we see snap shots of others lives as Lola runs past , the kid on the bike crashes , meets a nurse , they marry , they live happily ever after . Another vignettte , he does n't crash , and winds up a junkie . In my humble opinion this is the best movie I have ever seen that was able to illustrate how each day our smallest deterances and decisions and those of others , can re-route the course of things and ultimately change the course of our lives .
 I thought this was a terriffic movie , the techno soundtrack really adds to the cutting edge , urban feel of the movie . I liked the way the movie used a pastiche of animation , abstract film and realism . This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout , and buying this movie not having seen it first , I am very happy with the purchase I made , this is one of the best German movies in years and rates up with Das Boot . If you havent already , see it now .
 Will my future change because of this one second I stopped to look at this dress in the window ? Will I alter other peoples ' lifes by bumping into them ? - You have never asked yourself those questions ? Well , you certainly will after seeing this movie . ` Run Lola Run ' , a German movie , is fantastically made and keeps your heart beating rapidly down to the last second of it . Lola 's boyfriend got into trouble . And now Lola has 20 minutes to get 100,000 German Marks . The phone hits the floor and Lola starts running ... Americans , who are usually not very fond of foreign movies , should not let the ` dubbed ' stop them . Dare to watch it and a race is waiting for you . Tom Tykwer created a 90 minute video clip . Fast , unstopable , exciting . And the one minute you spent thinking about getting this movie will change your life .
 In the year of the Matrix . This movie was my best of the year . Fresh and very kinetic .
 I saw this movie in the theater three times . It is my absolute favorite movie . Every aspect , from the `` and then '' shots to the main character herself , make this movie outstanding . You will never forget this masterpiece .
 I mean , it 's bloody amazing -- there is absolutely NOTHING to this film , yet it somehow manages to be utterly compelling . Almost the entire film consists of Lola , um , running . Indeed , the few less-frenetic scenes really do little more than get in the way . But for the most part it 's pure action , and it works . And this from someone who , as a rule , finds action films insufferably tedious . The direction is indeed to be commended for so rarely letting up . The soundtrack 's perfectly done also -- and this from someone who , as a rule , violently dislikes industrial techno . I get the impression that if anything had been done even slightly wrong , the entire film would have fallen apart -- but nothing IS , really . As I said , it really does n't have a helluva lot of substance , but it sure is a rush to watch .
 Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt -RRB- is one of the best European Alternative films to come out of the past decade . Directed and written by the great Tom Tykwer and starring Franka Potente -LRB- born exactly 10 years after me -RRB- this film starts out with a clock . You sense you are about to go on a time trip , and soon you 're in the race against time . Incredible avant-garde cinematography mixed perfectly with cartoon animation focuses on Lola , a red-haired high energy time vortex . She has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000 marks all in the name of love . If things dont go quite right it 's okay , because here alternate reality comes into play ala the great Polish film Blind Chance -LRB- Przypadek by Kieslowski -RRB- . Profound questions are asked , and the film puts forth the idea that a butterfly -LRB- Lola -RRB- flapping its wings in Japan will effect American weather . The quantum pure spontaneity of conscious decisions effect events at every Lola turn.A great soundtrack drives it all and the whole film fits together perfectly . A rare avant-garde success which is similar to and every equal of Aronofsky 's Pi in significance . Also captures the Berlin -LRB- I think that 's where it is -RRB- atmosphere great ; city chaos and freedom . You must have a taste for the underground European avant-garde to really appreciate this .
 I must admit that I am the kind of person who NEVER watches foreign films . However , I was convinced by others to watch this movie ... thank goodness for them.This movie , although shorter then most , manages to pack pure excitemnet into almost every second . The basic premise is that Lola has 20 minutes to get some money to save her boyfriend from his mobster boss . What unfolds is pure genius . However , it would be impossible to explain the concept without giving away any of the fun , so I will keep quiet . But I can guarentee that it is nothing like yo have ever seen before and it will keep you on the edge of your seat . The concept and the direction in which the movie goes is fairly ingenious and the combination of the soundtrack and the visuals makes for a fast paced roller coaster ride . Lola is as brilliant as her bright red hair and the turn of events will leave you shocked . Watch this movie , because I liked it so much , I wound up owning it . And trust me , if you like to go clubbing , you will love the music .
 In his brilliantly paced film , Run , Lola , Run , Tom Twyker explores such age-old truisms of life as `` timing is everything , '' `` he got what he had coming to him '' , `` I wish I had it all to do over again , '' and `` she 'll do anything for love . '' Twyker is also fascinated with point of view , showing us -LRB- the audience -RRB- relationships between characters that do n't even know each other . Does this film sound too thought-provoking , too heavy for you ? Twyker uses montage , editing , and rapid-paced shot selection to create a technician 's paradise . This is the film for you if you like an action flick as well as something that will stimulate your gray cells . Truly a brilliant director-based film in an era of cotton candy fluff product movies .
 Visuallu brilliant , excellent story perfectly cast nuff said.we love this movie in manchester
 When I heard about this movie , I was skeptical because I 'm not into foreign flicks and am not too crazy about reading subtitles either . When I started watching it , I was so into it ! It took so many turns with the 3 different scenarios going on in this one situation . I recommend this to just about anyone who likes unpredictable movies !
 OK kids , if you have n't heard of this film , you must have been either living under a rock or deployed to some forsaken land . Run Lola Run aka Lola Rennt is in three parts , each following a similar trend , but with different culminations . The lead role , Lola , spends the film trying to get money owed to the German mob to her boyfriend , but she runs -LRB- literally -RRB- into problems the whole way . This is why the film is in three parts - each part is a `` do-over '' of the previous part . If only real life was like this ! As a neat bonus , whenever she passes folks up on the street , small glimpses into their future are shown through Polaroid snapshots . Run Lola Run is certainly one of the better films out of Germany lately . The included music video is pretty cool as well . Do n't pass it up .
 This was a weird movie . It kept me on my toes at every point of the movie . There was a lot of action ; the musical score went great with the theme of the movie . Never did any one of us who saw the movie know what was going to happen next . It maintained a great element of surprise . The ending , no I am not going to give it away , carries a lot of symbolical , philosophical , and anthropological meaning as well . What was also interesting about this movie is that it had an implicit sense of comedy . All of us who watched it could not stop laughing .
 Few foreign movies that I have seen even come close to a movie such as this masterpiece . Das Boot-Director 's Cut was my fave until now . I ca n't believe that I found the DVD in our video rental store . The DVD is perfect for my wife and me , as I can speak and understand German , while my wife , being an American , does not . I got to watch it in German and then again in English . I must say the German language version sounds much better , but it 's still quite interesting in English . I loved how they portrayed a woman -LRB- Lola -RRB- as a sort of `` Sorcerer '' type person who could change events until they worked out for her . Awesome film ... I would have given the Lola L&auml;uft a higher than 5 star Rating , but ...
 From all the other reviews , you 'll see this is an exiting slice of Euro Cinema . It 's clever , funny and moving , and it 's use of photographs to show the future of various minor characters is like nothing I 've seen before.What I would recommend though is you watch it with the subtitles activated rather than listen to the terrible english dubbing . The voice actors are particularly wooden and you lose something of the characters ' appeal in listening to them . I know subtitles can be a pain but it 's worth the effort to hear Lola 's real voice , when she is n't running that is !
 Great Movie and Great Techno Soundtrack . If you like movies like MATRIX you 'll will like this one .
 i bought this just based on other reviews here and i 'm really glad i did . this is definately one of the most original movies i 've seen . what really shines in this movie is not the plot , but the way the plot is told . truly amazing . this shows how things can be so much different with so little happening . last but not least , it 's visually stunning
 Faves - one of my all time favorite movies . Even subtitled , this is a must have movie . I love the switch off in time frame and added cartoon scenes .
 For not generally being a fan of foreign films with subtitles , this was fantastic . Great perspectives when shooting the film .
 A well done ground hog day type movie . A very well done movie , that keeps up the interest all the way through .
 Loved the acting . I even thought the plot was amazing . The musical score was perfect for this movie . I saw this movie in one of my classes and I was glade I did because it is a great movie . Would recommend this movie to everyone .
 Two lovers are caught in a bad situation to say the least , Manni -LRB- Moritz Blebibtreu -RRB- calls his girlfriend Lola -LRB- Franka Potente , `` Blow '' -RRB- and says he 's gon na be killed by a mob boss if he does n't come up with 100,000 marks very soon -LRB- 20 minutes in fact -RRB- . He begs Lola for help and says if she ca n't help him he 's going to rob a supermarket to get the money to save his life . Panicked and frantic Lola takes off running out of her apartment to help Manni , what follows is 3 different showings of Lola 's sprint to save Manni by getting this money.Each situation shows how little things can either delay or help someone get somewhere faster , like not tripping over someone on a sidewalk , catching a casino at just the right time to gamble and win said money , so okay its more like just a game of chance and with her boyfriends impending death Lola feels the compulsion to do whatever she can to help . Each showing of her run has little differences to it and the first two do n't end well for obvious reason -LRB- what need would there be to show the next one if the first or second one ends with everyone happy -RRB- . Between the pursuits are some drama scenes with Manni and Lola talking that are decent but the film really shines during the running scenes . There 's a pulse-pounding German techno soundtrack during most of the movie which does get the adrenaline pumping and I personally enjoyed looking at Franka as she 's quite stunning and gives a good performance here -LRB- though she would go on to do better movies after this -RRB- . This flick is a perfect example though of style over substance and the 81 minute running time is just right as any more would 've made the experience tiring in my opinion . If it was rated on plot it would n't score much above average , but as a fun and fast film its quite entertaining and thats all this movie could 've hoped to be . *** 1/2 out of 4 stars , simply as a fun experience .
 I rarely give a 5 because I believe there are a few really special movies out there that I should save my 5 's for . This is one such . Lola has 20 minutes to run across town and save her boy friend 's life , oh yea , she has to come up with $ 100,00.00 on the way . She fails , but wait , redo . She starts again , only this time things are a little different , and then again , wow , this was truly fun to watch . I 'm glad I bought the DVD because it 's a lot of fun re-watching each run and trying to spot the differences and their effects . Soundtrack was also great . Watch people watch .
 The pace -LRB- despite the cartoons -RRB- will keep you watching
 I first saw this film in a film class in college and from that point on I knew I had to have it . It probably is n't one of the best films out there , but it is worth the watch . I 'd go over more about the movie , but I 'd end up giving to much away .
 I love this movie I just wanted a copy of it so I could watch it . I 'm glad I own this .
 I saw this movie in my German class , and I thought it was a cool enough movie to buy and own . The DVD did not disappoint
 Run Lola Run is the type of frenzied arthouse picture that just does n't get made here in North America . That 's really a shame because Run Lola Run is definitley one of the best movies of the year . From a cinematic point of view `` Lola '' is one of the most creative and energetic films that I have ever seen.The plot revolves around Lola , a woman who has twenty minutes to save her boyfriend 's life from German gangsters . To do this she must miraculously acquire 100,000 Marks.The film is appropriately titled as Lola really does run for practically the entire film . When she does not succeed in saving her boyfriend the movie cuts back to the opening sequence and the film plays out yet again in an entirely different fashion . The central idea is that small variations in behaviour can change the entire outcome of a situation . This idea was also explored in `` Sliding Doors '' , unfortunately , with far more mixed results.Eventually the cycle repeats itself three times over the movies one hour twenty minute screen time . Run Lola Run is just bubbling with creative ideas and really is a stunning ride . The action never really lets up -LRB- except in a brief bed scene -RRB- and is filmed in the kind of frenetic , crazy style that MTV would be proud of . Lola is also extremely funny in many parts especially when the film briefly delves into the future 's of various small characters.This is a perfect little film that stands up to repeated viewings . It is smart , entertaining and is something that is completely unique . Hollywood movies rarely have those three qualities , this German one does .
 Catch this superb German film before Hollywood decides to remake it -LRB- and believe me , they will -RRB- . This is cinema in its purest , most kinetic form.The plot is simple
 Run Lola Run was the first movie on DVD that I had ever purchased without seeing it first . I based my purchase on the great reviews of the film I had read time and time again . The DVD arrived this week and I was not dissapointed.The film is only 81 minutes long , and is extremely fast-paced and tense for the entire time . You really have to pay attention during the movie and suspend disbelief for a while to really enjoy this one.The quality of the DVD transfer is very good . The picture is great , and the sound is outstanding -LRB- the film has a good heavy soundtrack -RRB- . The extras on the disc are n't too exciting , but it is nice to have both German/English language tracks as well as English/French/None subtitles . I thought the english dubbing was done exceptionally well -LRB- except for the first scene -RRB- . One interesting thing to note is that it is a double sided DVD , with the fullscreen version on one side and the widescreen version on the other side . There is no label on the DVD ... only very very tiny print on the innermost rim of the disc . You have to have some good eyes to read it.I highly recommend this movie . But get it on DVD . It would n't be half as good on VHS .
 If you think that Lara Croft is the quintessential action star , then you obviously have n't met Lola . `` Run Lola Run '' is a masterpiece of action filmmaking that I loved . It is one of the best films of the year , and I will definitely buy it when it comes out on video . The film opens with a policeman/referee explaining the rules of a game . He dropkicks a soccer ball into the atmosphere , and the game begins with the ring of a telephone . Lola answers to find out that her boyfriend , Manni , is in trouble . He has left 100,000 marks on a subway train that has fallen into the hands of a homeless man . If he can not get the money to the gangster he owes it to in twenty minutes , he will attempt a desperate , ill-fated robbery in order to keep from beng killed . With a scream from her throat and a toss of the bright red phone receiver , Lola is on the run , leaving her flame-red hair , her quick feet , and a pulsing techno soundtrack to carry the film the rest of the way . It is when she begins to run that I sat forward , eagerly awaiting the outcomes of her three separate journeys . Yes , Lola 's odyssey transpires three times , each with a different outcome , and all because of one boy and his riled dog . Most of the film 's elements remain the same
 RUN LOLA RUN is one of those movies you can literally watch again and again and again . The plotline is fairly simple
 I saw this movie for free at a European film festival , and I feel * lucky * to have done so ! I liked it so much that I saw it again , and I loved it AGAIN ! I 'm hoping it goes mainstream so that it gets the audience it deserves -LRB- and video prices will go down ;--RRB- -RRB- . Not only does it excellently execute ALL the elements of the film ; it also leaves you thinking - about fate , luck , and even love . The way Tom Tykwer blends wonderful cinematography , infectious music , and innovative montages of different film techniques and formats into a highly immersive movie is sure to be appreciated by critics , serious movie aficionados , and masses alike . Emotionally , one feels immediate affinity and sympathy to the lead characters and their situation , the humor is seamlessly infused in the film -LRB- read
 This is clearly one of the most creative films I have ever seen . It was a huge hit at the 1998 Toronto Film Festival and at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival and well deserves every award it won . In German , with English subtitles , this is a wild and exciting fast-paced movie that can not be neatly assigned to a type or genre . Starring Franka Potente as Lola , her unique screen presence defined by her strong body , engaging tattoos and raggedy orange hair , she has a mere 20 minutes to get a large amount of money to her boyfriend so that he wo n't be killed by the mob . Instead of just showing us one of Lola 's approaches , the film gives us three choices , and packs a strong punch with its theme of fate and destiny and how one tiny little move can effect not only the main characters , but also everyone around them . You can literally pick your own ending , each one packed with excitement and ironies.Most of the film shows Lola running , and as she passes by the same bystanders , their lives are changed in long-ranging ways . The pace of this movie is fast and is a mere 81 minutes long and it did n't lag for one single moment . As a matter of fact , I did n't want to take my eyes off the screen because I did n't want to miss anything . The soundtrack is perfect to accompany all the running , and the director , Tom Tykwer , uses a great mix of animation , still photography , slow motion and some very unusual camera shots . Never , once , however did the film sink into just a palette for showing off his artistry . The story and the characters were foremost and the audience is held captive , their hearts beating , as they join Lola in her run . Recommended . Do n't miss it !
 I 'll just cut to the chase . It 's in German , it 's subtitled , and you 'll do yourself a disservice by not reading on . Run Lola Run is the hippest , most original thriller since The Matrix.Remember how everyone , including myself , was so amazed by the fact that 1999 's hit The Blair Witch Project cost so little to make ? Here 's another fact
 A kinetic , music driven sprint throught the most intense 20 minutes of one young life ... times 3 . The cinematography is astounding , some of the visuals in this film are gripping not only because of the lovely young Franka Potente but also the way the camera captures the pure primal energy of her considerably well-shaped body in motion . Not overly heavy on plot or opportunity for outstanding acting as a whole this film does n't lack at all in visual and auditory appeal . What story their is present is perfectly understated for the purpose of the overall movie , and the scenes that develop the main characters and their emotional motivations are well handled in both the direction of Tom Tykwer and the acting of Potente and Bleibtreu . All in all I would give the film 4.5 stars , but I rounded up for the sake of this review .
 In Short
 One evening I found myself watching this movie on cable TV simply because there was nothing else on . Within 10 minutes , I was captivated and amazed at this film . It works on so many levels . It is totally European in its script , filming and overall look and feel . Now I am not necessarily a fan of European or Asian filmaking , but this movie goes a long way to opening my mind to the potential of foreign films . Which is not a bad thing , considering some of the dribble being made in the US of late.This is a moralistic tale , yet it gets the message across that the split-second decisions we all make in our lives set off a chain of events that can result in dismal and irreversible endings . But the film has fun doing it . One can not help but be drawn in by the simplistic plot -LRB- and the basic plot itself is simplistic , though the various end scenarios are the height of creativity -RRB- and wondering what Lola is going to decide to do next.At times I found myself wanting to yell out `` dont ' do that '' or `` Lola , no ! '' which of course is ludicrous but signifies how wrapped up I became in the misadventures of this young German couple . I 've not felt the urge to talk back to a silent screen since childhood , but this movie had me rooting all the way for Lola -LRB- even though there are serious crimes involved -RRB- and totally wrapped up in the basic story and its varied endings.I like the fact that this is a European film shot in Berlin and with a soundtrack composed of the type of music that people in Europe -LRB- but not necessarily here in the US -RRB- seem to enjoy . Even without any foreknowledge of the location , one knows immediately that this is NOT anywhere in North America . This aspect only adds to its appeal as one of its many attributes is to give us a glimpse into the European mindset , at times familiar but still distinct enough to generate interest.Kudos to the actress who , if not a marathon runner , should certainly consider becoming one . If she was n't in great physical shape at the beginning of filming , she most assuredly was at its finish ! I never realized that the very act of running could convey so much to the audience -- we are constantly `` running '' all during our lives ; not in a physical sense , but rather our movement on the road of life . We run to , or away from , different situations , but there is no escaping the fact that we must make important decisions and learn to live with our choices.This film rates 5 stars -- I can find nothing wrong with it , and a lot that is right . Moralistic and entertaining at the same time , it reminds us that we are ultimately in charge of our destinies . We can chose to blame Fate , or a God or whatever we wish , but when all is said and done we have no one else to blame -LRB- or applaud -RRB- for the place in the universe we have carved out for ourselves .
 I do n't think I have ever watched a movie move as fast as this one -- could n't believe it when it was over . It 's exciting , innovative , visually perfect , and accompanied by terrific music . The characters are appealing and interesting . There was never a slow moment nor a wasted frame . `` Run Lola Run '' is as good as it gets .
 I just watched this movie for a History of Cinema class , and I must say that it is one of the best movies that I have ever seen in my life . Do n't let the fact that it is a German movie throw you off ; this is brilliant movie making to the extreme ! A pulsating , non-stop action thriller , you will NEVER want this movie to end.Run Lola Run is an great example of the New Wave style of movie making ; but while this movie is cinematically innovative , it 's also incredible for its message
 The teaser for this film is that , every second of every day , you come across a choice that can change your life . Tom Tykwer 's film appears to show that , rather than the main protagonists making alternative decisions the whole time , their actions are more or less governed not just by other people 's decisions and actions , but also by the timing of those decisions or actions.The plot centres around the girlfriend , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- , of a would-be gangster , Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , who has to come up with a way of grabbing a whopping 100,000 marks -LRB- this was in the pre-euro days ! -RRB- in just 20 minutes , otherwise the do-not-trust-anyone head of the mob , Ronnie -LRB- Heino Ferch -RRB- , may do unspeakable things to him , if not give him a quick headbutt as he did for keeping a packet of fags from him once.One particular event , the theft of Lola 's moped -LRB- shown as a flashback in monochrome -RRB- , starts a chain of events , which will either see Ronnie get his money successfully or else see other outcomes . As a result , Manni , speaking in a desperate tone of voice from a phone booth , tells Lola that he will rob the nearest supermarket if she does not come within 20 minutes , preferably with the money.Three alternate scenarios , with three very different outcomes , are played out during this film , all of which are accompanied by a thumping , racing soundtrack composed by Reinhold Heil , Johnny Klimek and director Tom Tykwer , as Lola runs , firstly , to a bank where her father -LRB- Herbert Knaup -RRB- just happens to be the bank manager , and lastly arrives at the intersection , where the phone booth and the supermarket are , by one means or another.Lola encounters characters who recur throughout the film , including Jutta Hansen -LRB- Nina Petri -RRB- , who is Lola 's father 's mistress , Herr Schuster -LRB- Armin Rohde -RRB- , who is the security guard at the bank , an old lady pushing a pram , whom Lola almost crashes into at exactly the same spot during her headlong dash to the bank , a young man who wants to sell her a bike he stole , and the tramp who managed to get hold of Manni 's plastic bag containing the money he was given from the deal , which he had accidentally left on a Berlin subway train in panic at seeing two inspectors come into the car.Only one scene out of all three scenarios remains precisely the same , namely that of Lola 's mother talking to a married man on the phone when Lola runs out of the flat at the start of the 20 minutes needed to get the money . Franka Potente is spared running down flights of stairs in the apartment building via the substitution of animation , first seen on Lola 's mother 's TV and then seen as part of the main story , although we do see -LRB- the live-action -RRB- Lola lying at the bottom of the stairs at one point after being deliberately tripped over by a young boy wearing a baseball cap , albeit in animation only.Not in any particular order , the scenarios include a bank robbery , a supermarket robbery , the same two cars involved in crashes , the moped thief crashing , Lola screaming , Lola almost being run over by an ambulance , Manni being actually run over by the same ambulance , the ambulance narrowly avoiding a huge piece of glass , the ambulance smashing the glass to smithereens , Lola being shot by a police officer , Lola doing her nut in her father 's office , Lola being told to get away from the bank by an armed police response team , the security guard having heart problems ... and , as for the money , I will not say!Also , the characters of the old lady pushing the pram and the guy on the bicycle are shown in still `` flash forward '' pictures in rapid succession , accompanied on the soundtrack by the sound of a camera warming up before a flash picture is taken . Though they are minor characters , they are just as much affected by alternative events and outcomes as anybody else , so this is quite an interesting technique to show what happens to these people in the space of a few seconds of film running time.If you want to know which events come where , you will have to see this imaginative movie , which also contains two scenes where Lola and Manni are alone together , discussing how they really feel towards each other and what they would really do if particular situations were to occur . Each scene follows each of the first two scenarios and , though not at all action scenes with any music , they serve to help the audience realize that even the best of relationships may not be as solid as one might think at first.Tykwer has crafted a film that focuses very much on fate , not just determining one 's own , but also having it determined by other people and events , both predictable and unpredictable . This is very much Franka Potente 's movie , since it was the one which catapulted her to worldwide fame and a bourgeoning career as a Hollywood actress . I have heard both British English and American English soundtracks -LRB- as well as the original German ! -RRB- yet only the DVD with the American English soundtrack also has the English commentary on the film by Potente and Tykwer . Here , Potente reveals that , one evening when it looked like it might rain , she had gone to a bar and met Tykwer , who would eventually cast her as Lola . Had it been raining that evening , she admits she might never have gone to that bar in the first place , so she never would have met Tykwer , so he never would have cast her as Lola , so she might never have eventually become famous and gone to Hollywood . Life imitating art , indeed !
 I first saw this film when I rented it with a `` buy one get one rental free '' coupon , so I obviously did n't expect much from it . I saw the fancy cover art and thought it would be a short , inane film that would n't hold my interest . I was so incredibly wrong , and after I finished the film , I could n't wait to go out and buy it . `` Run Lola Run '' is sheer brilliance from start to finish , never letting your attention drift from the action on the screen . From the pounding techno soundtrack to the incredible camera angles and effects , the film is a wild ride to say the least.The plot involves the loss of 100,000 marks by a scatterbrained wanna-be crook named Manni who also happens to be the boyfriend of Lola . If Manni does not deliver the 100,000 marks to his gangster boss , Ronnie , in 20 minutes , Manni will be squashed like a bug . From here , the action begins . Lola frantically tries to replace the money for Manni , and she encounters many obstacles along the way . The most mind-blowing part of the movie is the alternate endings that show the various ways Lola must try to come up with the money.I was wondering how the filmmakers would stretch this film out to feature length , considering the plot begins and ends in 20 minutes , but they have done a masterful job of it . Simply put , `` Run Lola Run '' is not to be missed , it is one of the best foreign films you will ever see !
 When I watched this movie for the first time I felt like I was riding a 90 minute roller coaster . And then , after the movie was finished , I wanted to ride it again . This film is in constant motion , only stopping to let us catch our breath before it begins moving again , faster and faster.I enjoyed Franka Potente 's performance a great deal . She really displays a large amount of intensity , both emotionaly and physically . She has no idea what she is doing , but she knows she must do something and therefore she simply runs , Run Lola Run !
 Not quite sure what was going on here ... kinda reminded me of a cross between Groundhog Day and the multiple-endings in `` Clue '' , but fun nonetheless . Very energetic film that FLIES by!This DVD edition features and English soundtrack , as well as the German soundtrack , and the english subtitles can be turned on if you are a purist watching the German-language version . Also , the disc is two-sided , one side being full-screen , the other being letterbox .
 A unique , thrilling , true rollercoaster ride , `` Run Lola Run '' is one of the more striking films you 'll ever see . It does n't what matter what languages you can or ca n't speak , because language is almost superfluous . This movie is all about kinetic motion , and Franka Potente is perfectly cast as the heroine . Not only does she have a strong personality , a strikingly pretty yet odd face , and a nice mane of shocking orange hair , but her powerful thighs and glutes , constantly pumping and propelling her through the streets towards her ... fate ? salvation ? ... are the very embodiment of velocity . The Polaroid flashbacks of random people on the street are also very memorable . See it !
 WHAT A FLICK ! I EVEN LEFT SOMEONE RINGING THE DOORBELL , INSTEAD OF GETTING UP TO ANSWER IT . GREAT MUSIC , GREAT VISUALS , GREAT ACTING . LOLA 'S A REAL FIREBALL ! IF I 'M IN A FIX , I KNOW WHO I 'D CALL . DESERTED ISLAND ? JUST GIVE ME LE FEMME AND LOLA . AND A SIX-PACK .
 I bought this movie immediately , because I was so taken with it . The movie follows the course of Lola , as she races through ______ -LRB- ? -RRB- , Germany , to get 100,000 Marks to her boyfriend Manni . The story is told 3 different times , each one with a surprise twist ending . In addition , the director uses some excellent techniques . For example , when Lola interacts with another character , the director will sometimes follow that character for a bit . Often , he used a camcorder to film this , which resutls in an interesting effect . In addition , when Lola interacts with a character , the director often does `` And Then '' . `` And Then '' is when he quickly -LRB- in less than 15 seconds -RRB- tells what happens to that character by using a series of photos that each last on the screen for less than 1 second each . One woman that Lola runs into has three different `` And Then '' sequences , all of which are related to Lola but are very different . I really liked Sliding Doors , but this movie is much better . Finally , I would recommend getting this on DVD , not VHS , because there is an interesting commentary track with the director and Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- .
 Many people have referred to ` Lola 's ' d&eacute;j&agrave; vu narrative structure , and compared it with such films as Sliding Doors and Groundhog Day . I give it more credit than that -LRB- do n't get me wrong - I love Groundhog Day ! -RRB- . In those cases the character was caught in the film 's mystery , unable to break the time-warp spell and get on with their lives . Here , time breaks , shifts , bends , and cracks for one simple reason
 This is why I love DVD . When I watch a foreign movie , I do not , repeat , DO NOT , want to hear a dubbed soundtrack , which is what I usually end up getting stuck with . I dont have a problem reading subtitles and want the chance to watch the movie in the way I want to . That being said , WOW , Run Lola Run does a great job at pleasing everyone . It has tons of audio tracks , so whether you want German or English Dolby 5.1 , German or English 2.0 , or a commentary , this DVD has you covered . Great thinking guys , you made a fantastic movie even better by giving fans what they want . I only wish more studios put as much thought into their DVD releases . Run Lola Run is a great movie , plain and simple . If you 're afrad to watch it cause it 's a foreign movie , do n't bother . If you 're passing on it cause it 's not an american film you 'll probably miss the point anyway
 In my German class , one boy brought this movie in . I really did n't know what to expect , because most movies we see in German class are a bit old . . this one is very different , and creative . I have never seen anything so different , and imaginative . It is very well done , and interesting . Nothing that anyone should miss seeing .
 This is one of the best films I have seen in a great long while . The cinematography is groundbreaking , the storyline is impossible to predict , and the sidelines to the story are great - both the bedroom conversations that describe Manni 's true feelings toward his girlfriend , and thoughts about death , and the 10-second flashes into the lives of side characters and how those lives are affected by the decisions the main characters take . I suppose I would like this film less if I did n't also like techno , but even if you do n't , this movie has just so much to offer , and is so amazingly different than the formula movies , that you have to see it . I 'm one of those bastards in the movie theatre who tends to know what 's about to happen before it actually does , and I almost spoke aloud , `` For crying out loud , it 's only 20 minutes into the movie . It 's not like the main character 's going to die . '' WRONG ! The plot twists are impossible to imagine before you see it . -LRB- And I 'm not giving anything away , eitehr -RRB- Final note
 A fantastic , hip , and energized look at a young woman -LRB- Lola , of course -RRB- who must raise 100,000 DM in 20 minutes before her boyfriend Manni , who has to answer to a gangster about a large sum of money that he mistakenly left on a train . Run Lola Run literally runs right from its MTV-inspired opening credits , using a striking mixture of incredible lighting , quick editing , and animation to give a unique feel to late 90s Berlin -LRB- it is also a somewhat more optimistic picture of Berlin than the Berlin of Wim Wenders ' Wings of Desire , which the film alludes to in its opening moments -RRB- . The result is three different looks at what Lola 's adventure might turn into . Fantastic on every level , the direction is both quickly-paced -LRB- perhaps a little too quick in parts -RRB- and yet never fails to involve the audience . All of the characters emerge into full people through each `` scenario . '' Incredible as it might sound , however , this film could have used some tighter editing , notably in the -LRB- rather trite , it must be admitted -RRB- scenes where we learn of Lola 's father having an affair with a co-worker . I am unsure of what this subplot brings to the film other than a few laughs . As I said , the direction is tight and quick , but when the film slows , it slows for a reason , revealing character . Lola 's flaming red hair will help you keep focused on her running when the camera segues to its aerial shots .
 RUN LOLA RUN is a masterpiece in editing . This flick is a normal-lenght feature film , and yet the entire time you feel as if you 're flying through it . The quick cuts and camera shot selection is superb , and fit perfectly with the techno-esque soundtrack . Overall the technical side is stereotypical German -- outstanding quality . Oh yeah , and the story line is amazing too ! One of my favorites to come out of Europe . A real winner !
 I was so excited to find that Amazon had this film for sale . I saw it when it first came out in theaters in the US . It 's my very favorite foreign film and I love having it as part of my movie collection . This film was hard for me to find and I was so thrilled when Amazon had it . The music in this film is amazing and I also purchased the music cd from Amazon , which was very difficult to find elsewhere.Thanks again Amazon !
 Not as complex as my ten years ago memory of it recalled , but that 's not a bad thing . This is a little gem of a movie which tells its tale with economy and verve .
 Deserves its cult status . Great fun . I like the parallel realities device , as in Sliding Doors . Also , it does n't end on a sour note .
 I 've probably watched `` Run Lola Run '' a dozen times . The photography , directing , acting and plot are attention-grabbing . The music -LRB- I have the soundtrack CD -RRB- is perfect , and the film is fast paced . It 's a great watch on the treadmill and the score is a good jogging or skiing iPod addition.Franka Potente went on to the Borne movies -LRB- as well as many others -RRB- , and while many people find her annoying , she 's a good fit for Lola . Lola has three `` runs '' - basically three do-overs for the same events , and we see how each progresses and what she learns from them.It 's a German movie , so there are a lot of cultural nods and references that foreigners would miss . The voice-over is by Hans Paetsch , a famous children 's narrator . Famous German actors of yesteryear have cameos , and there are quotes and references attributed to other famous Germans -LRB- these were pointed out to me by a friend . -RRB- Because this is a foreign film , the photography style , editing , actors , etc. are different from what we 're used to , and the ending is typically European . This only adds to the movie 's attraction . If you like fast paced or off the wall movies , you 'll thoroughly enjoy Lola .
 Let me first say that I am anything but a movie person . I hate movies . Watching them is like a chore . However , after just watching this movie lastngiht , it has changed how I look at movies . This movie has got to be one of the best , if not the best out there . I 've never even heard of it since lastngiht , and I 'm already obsessed with it !! I 'm very jelous of this film , I wish i had come up with this idea . If you love action packed movies , with * AWESEOM * techno music , then this movie is for you . . you wo n't regret it !!
 good movie with good music . innovative
 I saw this movie in the theaters and I can not wait until it comes out on video . The music is fabulous , her hair is awesome , and the structure of the time sequences is very well done . I recommend this to anyone even if they do n't like running or foreign movies .
 Some films are magic . This is one of them.Don ' t miss it !!
 If you 're a big fan of Logan 's Run like me , be sure to check out this sequel . It takes place 30 years after the original , in a new city called `` Sanctuary '' built by the survivors from the original film . Alas , the Sandmen have discovered Sanctuary and Lola , the daughter of Logan 5 , must run for her life.All in all , an enjoyable film that fills in many of the gaps left by the 1976 original .
 This movie is a real eye opener . Set to a high octane techno soundtrack , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- must help her boyfriend Manni get 100,000 or his life will be in grave danger . There are three scenarios of what can/could happen , and it 's an eye opener because it shows how easily your life can change in a matter of minutes . I definitely recommend it !
 this is a great film . it is a unique look at three different directions a few small changes can take the story . i think it is very creative .
 `` Run Lola Run '' moves and moves fast . It rushes past like a frenzied nightmare , pausing only for a moment between each of its three distinct segments for a romantic interlude that puts the exclamation point on the rest of the movie . This is the best foreign example of the new wave of unconventioanal movies that include the likes of `` The Matrix '' and `` Go . '' The dubbing is not great , but I ca n't imagine trying to keep up with subtitles in a movie like this . If you like action that is not insulting to the intelligence , this movie is for you .
 What ca n't one say about this it is truly brilliant.Visually stunning the dialogue was witty yet still thought provocking and the movie was paced perfectly.I recomend this to all ages
 Are we seeing alternate universes , or examples of philosophical determinism ? Who knows . Being simple of mind I just sat back and enjoyed this movie as an entertaining comedy.Actually you see the same twenty minute movie three times , but not to worry as each time you sit through it different things happen , and you are served a different ending . Lola has just twenty minutes to come up with 100,000 marks to rescue her boyfriend from a humorless drug dealer . Will she do it?To add to the fun watch the English dubbed version , and observe the difference between what is spoken , and what is written in the subtitles . Example
 Forget the cool german hi-techno music -LRB- alone worth the viewing -RRB- and forget the subtitles ; they are really unnecesary ! This is about when desperation and hopelessness are offset by what human love will do to ward off the inevitable . Lola runs - man , does she run , and would that we could have such a runner on our side!Lola runs for and against all those things we write off to fate , but Lola runs to erase fate . Lola runs with one purpose in mind - love will find a way!Love will find a way where there is no way . Love will find a way where there is no hope . Love will find a way becuase that is what love does.Love is the joker in the deck . Love says `` I recognize no rules ! '' Love does n't give up and neither does Lola!Run , Lola , Run . For when Lola runs , resignation and surrender have met their match!Leave it to those cold-blooded germans to remind us what love is all about!This movie say in the most simplistic terms -LRB- with some existiantial variations -RRB- that when it come to true love , fate and the universe are but a minor hurdle to leap over!This is a movie of desperation ; it leaves no time for analysis . It tells us love must act , not think ! See it !
 Whoa ! This movie literally took my breath away . Its fast paced the whole time never letting up . The editing is brilliant and the cinematography is amazing . Forget the VHS get the DVD its cheaper and has extra scenes and interviews . The plot is like nothing ive ever seen before . Buy this and you wo n't regret it .
 One of the most entertaining films I have seen in a very long time . Visually a remarkable film that never lets up for one minute . Watch it a ye shall enjoy ...
 Ok , I 'm not going to waste your time , You know the plot , boyfriend loses 100,000 dollars and must replace it in 20 mins , and the only one that can help him is his gal LOLA . What you do n't know is that this flick is one of the best of the year . I have been searching for movies like this for years . This flick is one where the action truly does not stop . The plot is very good , and moves so rapidly that it 's sometimes blinding to keep up with the subtitles . Most of all I think this flick will impress many because of the balance it attains in all things . It 's got a great soundtrack , good stars -LRB- Lola is pretty cute -RRB- , and great plot to keep you hooked and it 's visually stunning . That and the fact that an old buddy of mine Karol Chareza has a part in the flick , he 's the guy with the sunglasses that is in the passenger seat of the totalled white bmw ! WAY TO GO ! GUY RIGHT ON ! Sorry had to say it . Now back to the movie . I rented this flick on a whim , I read the back of the box and it sounded quite interesting , even though I 've never heard it before . I 've been wrong on my instincts before , but I 've never been more right than this one . I hope to one day accomplish the feat that has been created through this movie , a high energy movie that can relate to anyone and jumps across many cultural barriers in the process . This is the best foreign movie of the year , hands down . Action packed , hilarious , and downright rockin ! Do yourself a favor and pick this one up as soon as possible ! YOu wo n't regret it ! Lates , Rajah Dolemite ! PS
 WHAT A GREAT PIECE OF FILMAKING , I rented this movie on a recommendation from this guy at the video store , I was weary , because I do n't watch foriegn films that often , but now that I watched it , I 'm glad I did , it 's a fastpaced , fun , adrenaline pumping ride , that uses logic , not violence , great acting , great writing , great editing , and great directing , this film deserves an oscar , If you like fast paced , Kinetic , eclectic movies , rent Run Lola Run !
 So many people here have said so many great things about this startlingly original and innovative film that I 'll just simply echo it all . From the music , which fits this film better than any soundtrack ever has before -LRB- the visual to music rhythm sync job is incredible -RRB- , to the break all the rules camera work -LRB- not a single cross-cut or quick-cut was superfluous ! -RRB- , to the flawless performances by all concerned , this is not just the best foreign film of the year , but simply must be included in anybody 's Top Ten . For myself , I 'd say it 's easily among the top 25 of this decade . Yes , it 's that exciting , amazing , and original . I do n't have a DVD player yet , but this will almost assuredly be my first purchase , even before THE MATRIX .
 This movie had a killer soundtrack that just added to the wonderful character of Lola . Lola was portrayed by the excellent Franka Potente , who with wild flaming red hair captures your attention , and leaves you on edge through the entire movie .
 Concocted with a particularly 90s gunpowder mix of comic books , electronica , video games , animation , and MTV , this film explodes onto the screen with color , fury , and , surprisingly , intelligence . In fact , it never stops going off.The basic plot here is simple . Lola must get money to her boyfriend immediately or else he 's a corpse . The genius is having the plot twist back upon itself , stealing the video game convention starting the story over when Lola fails several times and giving her another chance to pull the task off . This should be a cute but shallow gimmick ; instead , it is utilized with an unusual cleverness and purpose.I sha n't give any of the twists or turns away ; suffice to say that each `` new life '' actually reveals more about the characters and their motivations than I would ever had imagined.A exciting collage of media , Run Lola Run offers extreme entertainment with hints of unsuspected substance .
 its the best , funny , romantic , artsy , super fast past , action . And its in German !! Dubbed is OK but the actors origonal language is the best
 This is one of the greatest films to have come out of Germany in a long time -LRB- subjectively speaking of course -RRB- . It is a unique film with a unique feel to it , and it is also one of the more daring films of the '90s - almost at the same level as Fight Club . The soundtrack is also an excellent buy.And if this is your initiation to German Film , may I also suggest these titles
 An adrenalin-charged movie that is sure to spank some new life into world cinema . The story is maybe Bonnie and Clyde , but retold in a fresh , different , young , hip , exciting , revolutionary way . Heart-pumping music , kinetic acting , fearless mix of photography styles , and a triple ending are guaranteed to leave us both shaken and stirred . Gen-somethings looking for a quintessential grrrl anti-heroine , need look no further than young Lola , mostly human , sometimes Toon , whose loyal heart and running stamina we cheer on even as we bemoan her poor judgment . This one deserves to live on as an alterna-series . Long run Lola !
 This is without a doubt one of the all time best films I have ever seen . If you are thinking about buying it just do so , you will not be disapointed .
 I rented this DVD online and was on the edge of my seat , glued to the screen and never blinked until the end ! I hit title repeat right away and went amazon to buy one and gift-click four more to web friends.I will remember this film forever!If Run Lola Run was up for a little golden man it would expose the others as impotent , unoriginal bits of trash .
 This film made my heart stop . I subconsciously held my breath in parts , for fear of disturbing its incredible movement and beauty . What an innovative succession of events ! Just when you think it 's over , Lola stuns you again . Watch this film ALONE . Pay attention . The first experience is key .
 This is one of the BEST movies I 've ever seen I saw it last fall and I still remember it . Usualy movies are forgoten after a few weeks but this one sticks on your mind . If you have n't seen this movie SEE it .
 Creative and innovating , very enjoyable for my preferrable viewing
 I have just watch the DVD and '' '' -LRB- COOL -RRB- '' '' is all i can say . A true classic in the making and well worth the dough . If you like something different to watch , and not the usual HOLLYWOOD pap , get this and enjoy ... !
 a really good movie and I would suggest it to all those with a taste for little less ordinary .
 This is fantastic ! One of the best films I have seen in a long time . Wonderfully directed -LRB- great angles great colours -RRB- , realistically acted -LRB- all the characters are so beliveable -RRB- and a brilliant and simple story . Suppose you had 20 minutes to save your boyfriend , what would you do ? And if it all went wrong ? The music is also brilliant -LRB- I have just bought the CD -RRB- ! I thought that I would be one of a few that liked it but look at all the stars . So forget the subtitles and buy this DVD -LRB- and learn some German at the same time -RRB- !
 It 's creative and fun , but a bit overrated by people . I ca n't see too deep a meaning from this `` music video with a plot '' . Admittedly it 's a must buy for it 's originality .
 I truly can not believe what I just saw . I promise that no American filmaker could do this film , and even if they could , they would not have the guts to try . I also found out how stalkers get there start
 It 's like an episode from the Twilight Zone . Three days , lived over sequentially -LRB- same day -RRB- and this lady has to RUN across the city looking for a way to keep her boyfriend from being killed by the mob . Each time it ends in his death , then the last time she dies and he 's the one who ` saves ' her . Their next day completely shifts their life for the better & they 're out of the perpetual loop.This actress literally RUNS for about half the movie , she 's in great shape ! Interesting premise . Fun watching the same people in the background in certain scenes where THEIR lives evidentally are very different each time around.I 'd recommend it .
 I loved this movie - went as Lola for Halloween that year !
 I recently saw Frank Potente in `` The Bourne Identity '' and I just had to learn more about her . Franka is amazing . I looked through the Internet to find out more about her and I came across `` Run Lola Run . '' Franka is amazing . In `` Run Lola Run '' she gives a great performance as a sexy young woman trying to save her boyfriend 's life by searching for 100,000 Marks in a twenty minute span . Franka is amazing . In an ever-so European manner , the film is a combination of techno and artistic brilliance , leaving the viewer entranced . Franka is amazing . The film is also a love story similar to `` Bonnie & Clyde . '' Franka is amazing . Though the animation part still leaves me puzzled , I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in European/techno films and/or anyone fascinated by Franka Potente . Franka is amazing .
 With shocking red hair , An industrial soundtrackLola goes running
 Luckily I caught this one on IFC today . I think I 'll buy the DVD . One fun ride from beginning to end , end , end . Run Lola reminds me of Magnolia but without the religious baggage . Lola offers what the disappointing Magnolia failed to provide . Magnolia 's problems were many among which were length , superfluous dialogue , and characters for whom I felt no sympathy . Lola , however , minimizes dialogue yet you are compelled to sympathize , and even root for , the otherwise despicable protagonists and the average bystanders whose time critical paths cross randomly . What if you hit the snooze button on your alarm just one more or one less time tomorrow morning ? What will happen ... or not ? Will it be a joyous or fatal decision ? Every moment is fleeting and life really is a roll on the roulette table , so enjoy it to the fullest . Take note Hollywood . Great filmmaking has nothing to do with big budgets . It starts with the script .
 I saw this film twice at the theater , a real rarity for me . I bought two copies of the DVD , -LRB- one for me and one for some family -RRB- . I have seen all the tracks , specials , trailers , and commentary . I love this film . I even prefer the German version with English sub-titles . This is great film-making that does n't take itself too seriously . The only gripe is the English dubbed soundtrack lacks emotion and intensity . The music is excellent ! The actors are great ! I feel like I took a trip to Germany for the small cost of the DVD . The two lead actors make this film . The director 's techniques pack alot of information into a few frames . On a scale of 1-10 it is definitely a 10 !
 I never seen this Film until Last NightThere are a Number of Things that Blow my mind about thisVery Unique Must See FilmFor one it was made in 1998 You can not tell everything about this film is So Bright , Slick and Screams Now.This Film is Solid Proof A Movie can go Beyond a Movie and Be True Art -LRB- You 'd think it was made maybe a year ago -RRB- Director/Writer Tom Tykwer is awesomeIt was made with a small 2million dollar Budget u ca n't tell!This Film does so much with so little it 's nothing sort than amazing ! Everyone involved put so much of there heart and soul into getting this Film made and put outIt 's so worthy to be a Cult Film!The Actors are Perfectly CastFranka Potente as Lola steels the Film -LRB- I wish her major Success and happiness -RRB- She really has that `` IT '' Factor that so many young American Actress do n't have these days!The soundtrack is also stunning it serves a major part of the Moving/Pacing of the film!The Best way to try 2 explain the Plot is SimpleTake The grittiness `` Real '' Feel of A Film like Reservoir Dogs mix it with Groundhog Day/Sliding Doors & Romeo and Julietand you 'll have Run Lola RunIt 's one of those Films That can evoke so many emotionsAnd you 'll watch it again and againI never saw this film on any other Format -LRB- LD , Vhs , DVD -RRB- But , as far as a HD Transfer it 's Great . Good Bright Colors , Plenty of Detail ... . In the Still Running 10Year Feature u do see SD Clips from the film those snippets will give u a Idea how good the HD transfer is!Without a Doubt a True Buried Treasure and a Must Own for any Film Collector who want the Best Print Version to DateI Highly recommend this BR 9.8 / 10
 The proof of a good movie is how long it remains in your thoughts . I 've thought of Lola Run ever since seeing it for the first time , in 1998 . It 's my favorite movie in the world . I 've watched it at least ten times . It convincingly proves that every action you take creates a ripple effect which affects the whole world . For the past ten years , every time something important happens to me I tell myself , That was a Lola moment . Lola runs past people on the street , and the director shows how her passing affects their lives differently -LRB- according to whether it 's at 12:00 , 12:01 , or 12:02 -RRB- by a quick-pace series of photographs of their lives , after this brief encounter . So owning this movie is a must because you 'll want to keep replaying the quick series of photographs which show their possible futures , depending on the time of day she brushes past them . Simply amazing . Brilliant acting and incredible filming . Great music and cartoony special effects . People rave about the Butterfly Effect and Sliding Doors but these two do n't come close .
 I first saw this movie when I lived in Germany with the US Army . The US release on DVd includes an english version , but really , I think its best with the subtitles . You may recognize the girl as `` Jason Bourne -LRB- Markie Mark -RRB- 's '' girlfriend from The Bourne movies.What makes this movie great , in my opinion , is how they use their obviously small budget to its greatest end , and it manages to successfully ask the question `` how do the choices I make influence or impact those around me `` If you like unconventional movies , you will really enjoy this one .
 ` Run Lola Run ' is like ` Groundhog Day ' on speed , with maybe a hit of ` Kill Bill , Vol . 1 ' in there for good measure . It follows Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- as she races to get 100,000 deutschemarks for her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Bleibtreu -RRB- who is in debt to a seedy gangster with no patience or mercy . She has twenty minutes to do so and what makes this film unique is that it is very time conscious . Tom Tykwer accurately takes twenty minutes -LRB- or VERY close to -RRB- with each of Lola 's attempts to save her boyfriend.Lola 's first attempt is to ask her father , a bank manager , for the money . This goes horribly wrong and Lola is forced to take another route . She makes a few attempts , and each one explores cause and affect in a strange way , showing the outcomes of everyone involved and all whom Lola interacts with until the film ends unexpectedly.The camera style here is great , fast paced and edgy , and it keeps you glued to the screen until the credits begin to roll . I was also very impressed with the acting on the parts of the two leads , Franka Potente in particular who embraced her character with pure panic and conveyed a very convincing and realistic portrayal of a woman fighting for the life of her lover . I have n't seen too many foreign films but after this one I 'm surely going to give them a try .
 RUN LOLA RUN is one of those films that actually delivers what it promises . In this case , a heart-pumping , action-filled flick with an excellent soundtrack , and plenty of artistic weirdness to boot.Clocking in at a mere 80 minutes , this German-made film is infused with a quality normally seen in the cars this country produces . Tom Tykwer wrote the script and directs -LRB- as well as contributing his voice and music to several songs/remixes -RRB- , and gives us a movie that contains more than just artsy material . He takes the viewer on a journey of existentialism thanks to the unusual abilities of its main character , Lola . She 's a dye-dipped redhead with a high-pitched , soprano voice that can shatter glass . And she has the ability to change her future . Problem is , though , every time she changes something , everything changes , not just the one thing she wants . So when her boyfriend , Manni , loses 100,000 Deutsche marks that are owed to a local mob boss , Lola has to save him . But she 's only got 20 minutes , and everything does n't go as planned ... the first time . Or the second . Or maybe even the third.Not being very familiar with German cinema , I 'd rarely watched anything from this country . But I 'd often heard people comment on Run Lola Run and how great it was , so I decided to check it out . And I 'm glad I did ! The film opens up with a bang and does n't stop until the final scene . Franka Potente stars as the hair-color-enhanced Lola , and her portrayal is believable , beautiful , and bizarre . In short , a great combination . Her boyfriend , Manni , is played by Moritz Bleibtreu , and his ridiculous behavior is pulled off well , especially when he loses the money and calls Lola in a blubbering panic.I loved , too , the incorporation of overlapping animation , something I enjoyed in the movie THE DANGEROUS LIVES OF ALTAR BOYS.Connections within connections is the main theme here , but one that is brought to life by a vivid script and excellent camera work -LRB- the dizzying slow-downs and speed-ups may drive some to distraction but are vital to the story -RRB- . I mentioned earlier the great soundtrack and that the director contributed his own voice and songs to it . And so did Franka Potente . The European beats mixed with old American titles were laid down in topnotch fashion.This is another foreign film gem , and one that wo n't take up much of your time . But it 's one you 'll be glad you visited .
 Rennt , Lola , Rennt is more than a passing fad and what once might have looked like a fast-paced gimmick , has turned to be a signature work of the unique new voice in the thriller genre . Tom Twyker continues to make great suspense flicks . I dare say he 's developed into a great stylist in fullest command of his craft . A Hitchcock in the making for our generation . -LRB- That would be the generation X in case someone asked . -RRB-
 Ever since MTV arrived on the scene back in the early 1980s , the attention span of Americans has dropped like a stone . The mindless superficiality of the programming has n't helped boost IQ scores , either , but I wo n't get into that here . MTV 's propensity for rapid-fire programming , replete with jump cuts and other fast editing techniques , eventually found a home in the moviemaking business . Unfortunately , the use of these methods became commonplace , often relegating if not downright replacing such tried and true formulas like plot , character development , and dialogue . Throw in a cut every few seconds , the reasoning must have went , and it gives the audience the impression that the action is more immediate and exciting . In more than a few cases these new techniques worked effectively , usually in films that still adhered to the old ideas of centering the film on the characters and the script . The first `` Matrix '' film comes to mind as an example of a movie that successfully fused the new editing with traditional film practices . Another film that works just as well is `` Run Lola Run , '' a low budget German film written and directed by Tom Tykwer and starring the amazing actress Franka Potente.The plot of `` Run Lola Run '' is surprisingly simple . Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- must find a way to come up with 100,000 deutsche marks in twenty minutes or her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- will have some serious explaining to do . He took a job for a big time crime boss involving the sale of a bunch of stolen cars but accidentally left the money on the train . A bum stumbled over the bag of cash and walked off with it before Manni could stop him . If Lola ca n't find a way to replace the bag of money , Manni tells her on the telephone , he will go across the street and rob a supermarket . Losing the money is that serious of a matter , apparently . Twenty minutes . With no time to lose , Lola dashes out of her apartment and runs across town to see her banker father , hoping against hope that he will somehow loan her the money . Yeah right . This guy has his own worries involving a female employee and he is n't about to drop everything to help his troublesome daughter . Lola dashes on , but through circumstances beyond her control arrives too late to stop Manni from committing a robbery . Will tragedy ensue because of her tardiness ? Will the crime lord arrive on the scene and bust her boyfriend up for his lackluster handling of the assignment ? `` Run Lola Run '' answers these questions in different ways because once Lola arrives at the supermarket , the movie starts over at the point when she hangs up the phone after finding out about Manni 's quandary . That 's right , we see the same event begin again with a slightly different variation and outcome . Once again , Lola dashes across town to visit her recalcitrant father in order to beg him for a loan . Once again , her father is dealing with his own problems concerning a female employee . But the encounter between father and daughter is slightly changed . So is the ultimate outcome of the eventual Lola/Manni reconciliation . Then the film STARTS AGAIN at the point where Lola hangs up the phone after learning about Manni 's predicament . Again , she dashes across town to visit her father in order to seek his assistance with the couple 's fiscal problems . And again , her father is dealing with his own issues . And again , many events change from the previous versions . Three separate times Lola dashes across town to save her boyfriend , with the ending of each variation differing significantly from the previous version of events . `` Run Lola Run '' uses everything from animation to fast editing to a thundering soundtrack in order to create a sense of dire urgency , and it works spectacularly . You 'll be sitting on the edge of your seat wondering how Lola will overcome the obstacles in her way , or even if she can overcome them . Tykwer gives the film additional depth by occasionally showing us , through a quick series of still photographs , what happens in the future to various people Lola runs into or passes by on her journey through town . A woman pushing a baby stroller and a lady walking down the hallway in the bank are just two examples of this interesting technique . Obviously , their fate changes in each version . The inclusion of intriguing concepts like this and others highlights the fickle connections between each living person on the planet . We 've all thought along these lines before , usually when something disastrous happens and we say something like `` If I had only turned left instead of right , I would n't have wrecked my car . '' `` Run Lola Run '' simply poses this question on a larger scale by showing how an event could change based on one or two minor variations in the actions of a character . If the movie 's existential ponderings prove too much for you , you can sit back and enjoy Franka Potente 's performance as the grungy , red headed Lola . She 's a real hoot , with a voice capable of shattering glass when she screams.Extras on the disc include an informative , fun commentary with Tykwer and Potente , a music video with a brunette Potente singing a song , cast biographies , and trailers for `` Run Lola Run , '' `` The Dreamlife of Angels , '' and `` Orlando . '' There are a few problems with the story , such as the nonsensical scene when the cops refuse to let Manni reenter the train to get his money . Why would they do that ? Because the script needs that bag of money out of Manni 's hands , that 's why . Yet despite a few logical problems , `` Run Lola Run '' is a heck of a film everyone can enjoy .
 Run Lola Run A Review by Ashley McBrideIn this film , Lola is a very un-stereotypical heroine who undergoes three nearly identical episodes in which to save her lover Manny from his mob boss.The character of Lola critiques the Hollywood mainstream heroine in many ways . She is not a contrived Hollywood beauty . She has bright orange/red hair and punk clothing which offer a disassociative affect for the viewer , allowing them to critique the mainstream heroine and the priorities of Hollywood to alter her into a commodity rather than a true hero . She also has superhuman ability , first to alter outcomes -LRB- chaos theory -RRB- and second , to see into the future -LRB- snapshots -RRB- . This also offers the viewer a chance to disassociate with her because she is unlike the viewer ; though she seems real , is she ? She is saving he . This is a main point because this allows the viewer to critique the `` damsel in distress '' role that females normally play . Lola takes control . This is prevalent especially when the exact translation of the German title is given `` Lola Runs . '' This title more accurately portrays Lola in control-a genuine hero who is motivated to succeed so much so that she risks her life in three episodes / tries . Lola remains a hero the whole way through the film , unlike most mainstream Hollywood heroines . Though she is unable to help Manny -LRB- because he ends up helping himself -RRB- she still gets there on time with the money retrieved -LRB- in a legitimate manner -RRB- in the last episode . She tried , tried again , and then succeeded-which makes her the hero of the story.The cinematic effects of camera angle , cartooning , and electronic weaving all serve to disassociate the viewer from the film , in order to step back and critique it . This film is fun because it challenges society to co-produce instead of just take in a film.Lola is objectified throughout the film , but not in a Hollywood manner . She is usually shown as an entire woman-not as fragments of one -LRB- Lola is not a breast , a leg , etc. -RRB- . Lola is the object of the panoptical gaze , but is unaffected in her cause . She runs not because she is told to and is being watched to ensure that she does , but runs because she wills herself to do so , and takes no care in anyone watching . This is proven when she robs a bank -LRB- laws do not matter -RRB- and goes into the casino with casual clothes -LRB- appearances do not matter -RRB- . Thus Lola breaks the objectification by the panopticon set by institutions because she could care less that they exist . Even when her father tells her she does not look good she is unaffected in her cause and ignores the comment . This is just another way Lola as a hero breaks Hollywood mainstream heroines who care very much in rules and appearances and therefore are affected by the way in which they are being watched.Lola Runs !
 The main formula for Run Lola Run is `` Time is Money . '' Time is arbitrary in the same way that space is - it means nothing if you do n't put anything in it . In this film , the viewers are confronted with a `` heroine '' that when not satisfied with the outcome , chooses to `` do-over '' her life , or only 20 minutes of her life . Lola is not the typical Hollywood heroin , always looking prim and proper ; she gives off the more realistic side when confronted with an intense situation . Lola shows that the smallest decision can change everything from then on . Throughout the film , she takes on the so-called masculine role and takes action rather than crying and waiting for someone else to take charge . But when those 20 minutes are up , it seems as though her female lead crumbles and she once again takes the feminine role in the relationship . It seems questionable that her heroic attributes are only due to the framing and digital weaving of the film rather than the actual character . Overall , it was interesting to see a different side of femininity and the effects in which it had on the viewers .
 In Tom Tykwer 's film , Run Lola Run , we are confronted with a main character that struggles to find her place between the two distinctions of feminist and feminine . The film , which is segmented into three different scenarios , starts off by portraying Lola as a female hero . She breaks the stereotypes , and does not reflect the Hollywood ideal of a female heroine . Her clothes are ragged , her hair is a mess , and worst of all , she does not glisten but actually sweats . The Hollywood heroine , on the other hand , would be wearing high heels in all of the fight scenes , never break a sweat , and always be sexy and perfectly put together . The cinematic gaze , as refered to by film theorist , John Berger , depicts her as a super human action hero . She can see the future , run far distances in almost no time , and she has the power to change certain events in time . The cinematic gaze is usually used to objectify women . In Run Lola Run , however , it is used to set Lola apart , and show what a woman can be capable of . Tykwer 's progressive feminist representation of Lola falls prey to stereotypical femininity in the last scenario . Mani , her small time crook of a boyfriend , whose life she is trying to save , comes through in the clutch . He does not even think of what Lola has gone through in an attempt to help him . Tywker ends the film with the man saving the day . This strays from his critique of `` the Hollywood heroine '' that had been a blaring message in the first two scenarios . All of Lola 's efforts have been trivialized and she is shown as powerless and speechless . Mani acts as if he had the entire situation under control the entire time , and reduces Lola 's role to that of merely a supportive and concerned girlfriend . The film ends with a segmented shot of Mani and Lola 's interlocked hands . This is a perfect example of Foucault 's idea of the micro physics of power . Ingeborg Majer O'Sickey includes this idea in her discussion of Barbie Magazine . It refers to the manner in which a body can be fragmented into discrete parts in order to display power . In this last scene in Run Lola Run , the fragmented shot of their clasped hands , turns Lola into a powerless and submissive girlfriend . She no longer is able to be defined independently . Mani does not need her , he simply has her a a trophy to be displayed . This movie shows us that as far as we think we are progressing as an equal society whith women who are respected , we have a lot of work to do .
 Run Lola Run is an interesting film about a girl and her boyfriend and their struggles to survive the most grueling twenty minutes of their lives . Manni , the boyfriend , somehow forgot 100,000 marks on a subway train and is in a lot of trouble unless Lola shows up with 100,000 marks to pay off the men Manni was supposed to meet . The movie plot is based around the chaos effect , which is the idea that every action one makes effects the lives of everyone else . The twenty minutes is shown in 3 different ways because each time it is restarted , Lola takes different paths in order to get Manni the money that he needs to stay alive.In a way , Lola is a panopticon during her struggle to find Manni 's money . Manni is always watching over Lola , making sure that she gets to him on time . Lola knows this and will take any measure possible in order to get the 100,000 marks to Manni on time . Whether she has to lie , cheat , or steal , she will get the money . She acts under pressure and runs everywhere she goes just to keep Manni safe . Manni is depending on Lola to be the hero of the day and show up with what he needs.Lola plays the role of the strong independent woman during the movie . Manni is helplessly waiting for Lola to show up with the money . Lola shows her strengths by not being afraid to do anything in order to save the day . She 'll rob her father 's bank , she 'll help rob a grocery store , and she 'll take big risks in a casino just to save Manni . The story is played out three times in three different ways because of the chaos factor . Sadly , the movie ends with Manni saving himself because he finds the money himself . Lola is once again the stereotypical dependent woman . She struggles so much to get Manni the money he needs , but it turns out that he never needed her help at all . She accepts this fact and walks off with him as if nothing happened to her during the 20 minute struggle .
 Phone call from her boyfriend - he needs 100,000 marks in 20 minutes -LRB- because he lost it -RRB- . They argue , but bottom line , she 's going to help him . From the second Lola throws down the phone the clock is ticking.The theory of this movie seems to be based on that everything we do -LRB- or do n't do -RRB- , every action effects someone . For good or bad . If she 's a minute later - 30 seconds earlier - whatever - there is a different outcome . People that she runs into on the street - a pause in their actions ... it changes their fate.She goes thru the day 3x . Different days for everyone.The way it 's shot is somewhat different and reminds me vaguely of QTarantino 's Kill Bill flicks . Just the openness of it - structually - not so much the dialogue.All in all a good movie .
 Another of my favorite movies , Run Lola Run -LRB- or , `` Lola Rennt '' in German -RRB- has all the right stuff
 Run Lola Run is one of my all time favorite movies ever ! The imagery , music and story all fit together so well . I would deffinately recomend this movie to anyone thinking of buying or even renting it .
 Excellent ! A must buy for all you movie gors out there . Why is it so great ? The story is pretty plainly written , but the innovation truly makes it a must see movie . If i could rate higher than five , i would .
 Yeah , its a foreign movie , but dont let that fool you . It was a good movie . Very different too .
 An exhilarating fast-paced action movie from start to finish . This movie has excellent cinematography with a story that is as strong as the filming and the acting.Lola receives a phone call from her wanna-be crook boyfriend , Manni . He complains to her that because she was late from picking him up , he mistakenly lost 100,000 deutsche marks meant to be given to Ronni , a big-time crook . If Ronni does not receive his 100,000 deutche marks within 20 minutes , he will kill Manni . This phone call starts this movie on an action-packed , fast-paced movie where Lola tries to get his money and catch up with Manni before it is too late.Tom Tykwer does an excellent job at showing us what cause and effect really means . He shows Lola bumping into people on her way to Manni , and how life for that individual turns out with a show of photographs.There is even an animation part where Lola 's mother is talking on the phone while her television is on , and on the TV is an animated Lola running down the stairs of their apartment to get outside , as she is actually doing it.Tom Tykwer keeps you visually stimulated , as well as audibly intrigued with the background tech music.The acting by Franka Potente is great . She actively portrays a girlfriend distressed that her boyfriend may be killed , yet determined to do what she can to prevent this . Franka Potente has recently been seen in an American blockbuster , The Bourne Identity with Matt Damon.Moritz Bleibtreu also does a great job being a not-too-smart crook . He does a great job portraying how desperate his character is when he calls Lola.This movie is pretty interesting , as the movie is the whole 20 minutes it takes for Lola to try to figure out how to come up with that kind of money , as well as the obstacles she encounters along the way . So , as you may wonder , as I did , how can a feature-length movie drag 20 minutes out to be so long ? Well , the first time through ... yes , you read that right , the ending is not what Lola wanted , so the movie starts over again , and this time when she encounters her obstacles , she handles them differently , until the next outcome happens . In the end , we see her try three times to get to Manni in time.This IS a must-see movie . It is one of the best movies out at this time , and you will want to see this , as you know Hollywood will be doing a re-make on this in the future !
 Run Lola run is a movie full of startling movements of camera , bright cinematogrophy and a wonderful soundtrack to follow it all up . This director has surely made his mark on the American movie scene with a new and highly different movie . There are three episodes , all different scenarios of fate . Very worth watching , very worthy of all the great reviews it has gotten . This director has done a new movie , `` Winter Sleepers '' which is also wonderful .
 Get the German Version with the English Subtitles . Yes , the techo music gets annoying but it 's a really good movie . You 'll see lots of recurring themes of this in the near future . How everything you do , regardless of how small , has some impact on the rest of the world . There 's a show on the Discovery channel called Connections with James Burke that details how everything is related to everything else . Yet it all appears to be a big mess of chaos . It 's beautiful in it 's insanity .
 Its a great movie but get the US DVD . I just bougth the Canadian Version do n't make the same mistakeThe Canadian Version only has the Full Screen Version , No Dolby5 .1 only 2 channel , No english dubbing - not an issue for me , No Commentary.It does have one more music video `` Wish '' and French Dubbing but not even french subtitles . Identify it by its different Cover
 The most frenetic and energized movie since `` Pulp Fiction . '' Tom Tykwer 's German import features a potent Franka Potente as Lola , a young woman with 20 minutes to come up with big money to save her boyfriend 's life . The film , a technical marvel , spins this tale in real-time three times over , with slight plot alterations resulting in drastically different conclusions each time . `` Run Lola Run '' may signal the future of renegade action cinema , as shocking and unmissable as Lola 's fire-red hair .
 The theme of this movie is primarily philosophical . Do n't be put off , it is n't at all hard to understand and its far from boring . The idea is like the butterfly effect . One miniscule change will gernerally lead to huge differences . This may remind you of `` Sliding Doors '' , a movie which took the same theme and portrayed it in a very different way which I found rather disapointing.The other theme is the techno music and action -LRB- running -RRB- which makes this come off a bit like a music video . I found the music very good and the vocals complemented it nicely . The important thing is how well it works with the visual imagery and I found it did that very well . In fact , if I had a treadmill I 'd buy the soundtrack to this movie and run to it . Someone told me the actress who played Lola and the director wrote and sang all the music together . I ca n't confirm this , its just something I heard . If so , wow . Muchos kudos and afterlife points to them.The final theme is the plot , which keeps you interested . Its a simple plot . Lola must come up with 100 thousand marks and get it to her boyfriend in 20 minutes.While it would seem action techno and philosophy are quite different , they are put together with amazing success in this film from Germany . I recommend this movie to people who like unique , thought provoking , fun filled movies.Oh one final warning
 Tom Tykwer 's `` Run Lola Run '' is an extremely exciting , entertaining film to watch . I first saw the film 7 years ago , and it 's now a lot of fun to re-watch it and see how much of the German I can understand . This film stands out not only as a great foreign film , but as an excellent action/adventure film as well . If you have any friends that you want to introduce to foreign films , this would be a great one for them to start with , even if they are a little resistant to the idea of reading a film . Besides the brilliant and highly athletic performance from Franka Potente , who has since gone one to make many well-known films in the U.S. , `` Run Lola Run '' also boasts excellent editing , a great visual style and of course , a really catchy German techno soundtrack . I just read a review on here that suggested there should be an American version made , and I 'm all for that , if it 's done well . I would agree with having Scarlett Johansen play Lola , too . I 've made `` Run Lola Run '' part of my personal DVD collection , and you would be wise to make it part of yours as well .
 ... Run Lola Run is an AMAZING movie - amazing ! It virtually embodies the metaphysical concept of `` eternal recurrence '' within the SAME ONE LIFETIME , and within the same 20 minutes of time OF that SAME ONE LIFETIME ! ... Whew ! ... INTENSE is an understatement ! ... I wonder if the creators of this film ever studied the writings of Gurdjieff , Ouspensky , Orage , or John Godolphin Bennett - because it is right out of the `` eternal return '' concept that is talked about by people involved in `` 4TH Way Work '' . The mythic and archetypal meanings hit you right in the face
 I have seen this movie at 3 times now and I am not tired of it yet . I enjoy foreign films and alternative camera work . I especially liked the snapshots depicting the `` and then '' lives of the passerbys that Lola encounters . The fact that this film is in German should not be a deterrent in any way from viewing it . Most of the action is universal in any language and dubbing is frankly very annoying . You do n't want anything to distract you from the great soundtrack either which is also worth a buy .
 ... is awsome ! If you liked the `` Matrix '' you love this movie . The soundtrack is just as good too !
 The most exciting , pulse pounding , loud and thrilling movie I have ever seen ... i rented it , luved it and bought it on dvd ... perfect film ...
 What a great movie ? I 've loved it since the first time I saw it ... eight years ago or so . The sound track gets repepetitive at times . . but it 's still a wonderful film .
 just incredible ... The acting , directing , and pacing are all perfect ! Watching this with the volume up is a surreal experience.Buy it ! ; -RRB-
 This is an amazing movie . Originally called Lola Rennt in German , it is a neat view as to what can happen in a day if different scenarios were to take place . I highly recommend it and enjoy watching it again and again .
 This is a great movie . It is best viewed in German with -LRB- or if you can without -RRB- the English subtitles ; if you watch to listen to the English audio the movie is less intense and less enjoyable .
 This DVD has been reviewed nearly 500 times so there 's not too much that you can say that has n't been said . One repeating theme is the movie 's comparison to the `` investment projects '' of Hollywood . That Hollywood has the best technique , stars , cinematography , $ s , and gimmicks is all true . What it often does n't have is that sense of taking a chance . Lola does.The presence of a basic problem , lovers on a downward spiral , need not be examined . The consequences of THE ACT is ignored and in its place is the examination of the details of the turns and twists we make each day which brings us to THE ACT.We probably can not alter what has happened , Tykwer theorizes . But what occurs to Lola and Manni is perhaps a lesson for the future . How small changes , doing small things differently can impact the result drastically . The ` inadvertant ripple in the pond theory . ' I found it to be a smart movie , smarter than most created on the West Coast , provocative , out of the box , with an eye towards embracing ` the what if we make just one change ' question . It 's no wonder it has become an international cult film with an enormous truly diverse following . 5 stars . Larry Scantlebury
 I saw this German movie almost two years ago . However , I can remember this movie clearly , because it really impressed me . It is very philosophical and also exciting movie . Moreover , it is only 80 minutes movie , but I assure you will be fluttered through the entire movie.To sum up this movie simply , heroine Lola have to arrange a hundred thousand dollars in order to save her boy-friend Monni and she manage to arrange it . Monni had to deliver a bag with 100 thousand dollars to the boss of the gangster , but he left it to a train and a homeless man took it away . If they fail to deliver the money , he is likely to be killed by the gangster ... From the beginning , as title goes , she is running and running.The movie is made of three short scenarios . They are slightly different with each other at the beginning , but the difference become larger and larger as the scenario proceeds . So the scenarios end up very differently at the end . The style of the movie is fresh and its basic concept is nice . Smaller changes become bigger changes . It is not so special when we see it as words , but I think you will be surprised by this concept in the movie . To people who dissatisfy with the movie of just acrobatic action and seek for philosophical implication , I recommend this movie !
 ` Run Lola Run ' is not only entertaining , but also brings up questions about our current assumption that time is linear , that what we do stays in the past.After the three scenes depicting the butterfly effect , I was left to wonder , what if time really is circular ? What if the things that we do today have a dramatic impact on someone else 's tomorrow ? Can there be multiple realities ocurring at one time , and when coinciding resulting in a form of de ja vu ? ` Run Lola Run ' was very interesting , and is a great movie if you 're in a philosophical mood !
 The beginning of Run Lola Run has a narrator stating how countless questions result in answers which in turn gives rise to other questions , and so on , in a chain of answers followed by questions . `` But in the end , is n't it always the same question , and always the same answer ? '' The main question might be , will anything I do differently have any consequences ? Or why did this happen?Lola 's boyfriend Manni has just botched a drug deal , losing 100,000 marks . He has to turn over the money to his connection , a nasty and forbidding bald guy , who will kill him in twenty minutes if he does n't deliver the goods . Lola , calm , usually on time , and loyal as ever , does what she can to help out her man , who increasingly desperate as time runs out , considers holding up the local supermarket to get the money . She 's running a race against time , encountering all sorts of people , including a bicycle courier , a Mr. Meyer who 's a colleague of her father , and her father , a humorless , ice-in-his-veins banker who 's carrying on with one of his female colleagues , who is pregnant.This portrays three different scenarios of Lola running to save Manni , and demonstrates how one small action or variation can have enormous consequences on other people . An example is the blonde woman walking with the baby carriage . Each time she responds differently to Lola dashing by her . We then see in a series of quick still photo montages what would later happen to her . In one version , she ends up injured from an attack ; in another , she ends up winning the lottery . Another is how long the conversation between Lola 's father and his lover has progressed before Lola bursts in on them , asking her father for money . Each time , the outcome is different , affecting her father 's attitude to her and what Lola does.Another interesting aspect is Lola 's piercing glass-shattering scream , which becomes the emanation of her desperation , whether it to be telling her boyfriend to shut up so he can calm down , or her anger at her father refusing to help her.Franka Potente 's Lola really lifts the film up , her bright vermilion hair , cyan tank top , and blue jeans nearly mirroring the primary colours of light . She gives credibility in a character who is so much more with it than her boyfriend , whose over-reliance on her makes him incompetent , pathetic , and lacking direction.Director Tom Tykwer must have been influenced by music videos as the swift jump cuts in scenes , nothing that requires a bottle of Dramamine by the TV set , mind you , as the pulsing techno score , matching Lola 's frantic running , attest to . An interesting piece of cinema from Germany , great in style and structure .
 From the opening credits where a swinging pendulum sets the pace , we hear a clock ticking , the beat of the music starts , and this movie never stops with its frenetic and frantic pace . It 's a visual cacophony of different and exciting images that run at you around every corner to build in your brain faster and faster until the end of the movie . Phew . Then your heart is still racing from the experience and you want to see it again.Run Lola Run is three films in one , yet , it 's the same film time and time again , but it 's vastly different that only the characters are the same . The story hit 's you repeatedly and builds without repetition . Like each time Lola runs past a person in the street , you learn something new , sometimes funny and perhaps quirky about that person , and all within a few seconds , so by the end of the film it has been a complete encounter.She is running to stop her boy friend from committing a crime . I 'm sure I lost pounds just watching this girl run . She 's beautiful and compelling . She 's also hip and fit with red hair flying in the wind , a tight blue top revels a white bra underneath and her tight green pants flair at the bottom over black boots , definitely not running shoes.This is a film like no other . It 's so original that I would recommend it to literally anybody who is willing to suspend his or her belief in a liner world.Run Lola Run is in German with subtitles but you hardly need to read much dialogue before the images tell the story for you .
 This is one of the most original movies I have seen in quite some time . The idea of showing 3 different versions of what could have happened is very creative . Somewhat like `` Sliding Doors '' in that respect , it explores the notion that if something had happened just a little bit differently , everything following could have turned out a completely different way . The performances are very good , the filming style is great , the plot and all its twists are completely original , and the rapid-fire pacing ensures that you 'll never get bored . Thoroughly entertaining and recommended !
 An amazing movie , not as fast and furious as people would have you believe , but breathtaking and suspenseful . Franka Potente is absolutely hypnotizing as Lola and the overall feel of the movie is romantic and fun . The dvd includes some fun extras , like Franka Potente 's music video ' I Believe ' and audio commentary by Franka and the director . Although translation is cumbersome sometimes , I would definately recommend the subtitled version over the dubbed -LRB- both are included on the dvd -RRB- . In a word , astounding !
 Not a single complaint . This movie was great . I do n't want to spoil it for anyone , but the idea for the format of the movie was just plain FUN . The camera work was great . I ca n't say enough . Usually , I 'm not fond of subtitled movies , but I really liked this one . Run out to get it NOW ! You ca n't miss this movie ! It just would n't be right .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is fast-paced , suspenseful , and exciting . I went to my local indie theater to see it because I wanted to see how much my German improved , not expecting I 'd be absolutely blown away by a fabulous film . Even the two friends I dragged along to the theater -LRB- who do n't speak German -RRB- loved it .
 I loved the movie , largely due to the incredible music . This is a movie to own because you can sit down and watch as a regular movie or you can play it on your DVD and watch casually , similar to watching MTV -LRB- when it actually plays videos -RRB- , and enjoy the great music accompanied by the interesting visuals .
 This was one of the best movies I have seen in years . It was fast pace and very entertaining . I really enjoy the `` ending . '' The lead character Lola is awesome she is tough and also very feminine at the same time . I would highly recommend this film .
 Run Lola Run was a wonderful movie . It has all the elements that make a summer blockbuster movie -LRB- adrenaline pumping tempo , awesome music - i bought the soundtrack too - and flat out kick butt camera angles -RRB- with elements of an intellectual film -LRB- philisophical interludes , underlying themes -RRB- . Whichever movie style you are looking for when you watch it , you will find it . If you 're looking for action , that 's what you 'll find . If you 're looking for the philosophy on destiny , however , you 'll find that . The movie flat out rocks !
 There are very few films that become instant cult classics such as Godard 's 1960 Breathless and the less-than-brilliant Pulp Fiction by Tarantino . Run Lola Run in many aspects tops both these movies in its ability to take an incredibly simple plot and turn it into an exgtravaganza of motion , sound and film-making showmanship that redefines filmography and becomes a genre of its own.Run Lola Run is a brilliant combination of a very talented cast , extremely creative writing and masterful video and sound editing , which results in one of the greatest masterpieces in modern moviemaking history . I am not getting carried away!Although the movie is sparse with words , it does an incredible job at providing a unique perspective into the characters lives , sometimes with a single sentence or even just a sequence of camera snapshots : Lola 's mother 's only sentence in the movie while holding a glass of wine , talking on the phone from home
 To the beat of an incessant techno/deephouse soundtrack , Lola runs , and then runs some more . I could n't possibly think of another movie with such sheer cinematic buzz , it 's cut like an MTV video
 I watched the version that is not dubbed . I know many people who refuse to watch foreign films if they 're not dubbed in English but this is such a huge mistake . One reviewer for this movie said `` he did n't speak Kraut '' and that he fell asleep . I find it hard to believe anyone could fall asleep with this film . Not only is the action non-stop , but the main character is such a good actress , as well as extremely attractive that only someone with an extrememly limited attention span could fall asleep on this one . Great story , original idea , cinematography , etc. . If you 've shied away from foreign films thinking that it 's too hard to read subtitles , try this one . You 'll find after awhile that you do n't realize you 're reading them at all .
 The commentary by the director and Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- is entertaining but not so informative about the movie itself . They recalled many shooting details , but neglect to really talk about the movie in depth . Oh , they speak in perfect English , so do n't worry about reading subtitles !
 The best film of 1999 in my opinion . It made me think , it held me spellbound , it leaped off the screen , and it was totally fresh . I was very disapointed when it was not nominated for best foreign film by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
 Run to your neighborhood rental house and rent it ! What a wonderful contemporary film .
 I can not wait to get this on Blu-ray . I originally saw this flick in a little art-house theater -LRB- seated on a folding chair -RRB- during grad school and was amazed . I had it on DVD until I mistakenly loaned it out and never got it back . I 've been holding out hope to see in in HD and ca n't wait until I do . I 'll be counting the days . My Denon 2808 is going to make it all the much better .
 Lola needs to get hold of 100,000 Deutschmarks because her boyfriend Manni left a bag of money on the subway -LRB- or light rail -RRB- . If she does n't get it in 20 minutes , he will rob the store near the phone booth where he called her . The money belongs to a gangster who will kill Manni if he does n't get the cash.There are three different scenarios on Lola 's mad dash to rescue her boyfriend . It shows how each encounter with people changed their lives.I liked it because it was different from any movie I 've seen . It got a little too far out with the very brief moments she brushed by people . But the main parts of the story was good.Well , great idea for a script . Just needed a little tweaking .
 Franka Potente is wonderful in this film . The direction is superb and the driving score is very cool . Sliding Doors this is not .
 For me , this movie got off on the wrong foot when it posed a question and left us hanging for the answer . It basically asked us what the one question in life is , and what that answer is , then suggested that both the question and answer were obvious , and left it there without providing its answers . I could have done without that bit of annoying stupidity.The annoyance factor from that nonsense was strong enough to detract from my enjoyment of the next few minutes of colorful cartoons.To my surprise , the movie got better . After a dismal beginning it became absorbing.The main characters are Lola -LRB- young German girl with vivid red hair -RRB- , her worthless , immature and moronic boyfriend Manni -LRB- who you hope will die -RRB- , and her rich and philandering father . You kind of root for Lola to achieve her goal of saving her boyfriend from execution , but then again , you 'd kind of like to kill her boyfriend yourself.Manni was entrusted with a wonderful opportunity in life , the opportunity to complete a drug deal and give the proceeds to the boss . This will help him climb the ladder of success in crime . What an enterprising young man . He does complete the deal , but then he stupidly leaves the fortune on a train because he sees some cops entering the train and he stupidly just gets up from his seat , without the money bag , and leaves . Dumb bunny.He then telephones Lola and whines and panics to her . She swears she will help him . His solution is to rob a supermarket and get the money that way , to avoid being executed for not producing the drug money . He gives her a narrow time frame to show up and help him , because he is on a narrow time schedule himself , due to meet up with the drug boss.That is the background of the film . Lola wants to get the money from her father , but that does n't work . Her attempts to help the witless and extremely annoying Manni do not succeed , and we have a sad ending for our two heroes.Next thing you know , the happy couple is in bed together , and alive . None of this happened . Was it all a dream ? Lola is asking questions about Manni 's love for her . They are idiotic questions , but he is patient with them.Presto . The scene starts to play out again . Lola has another chance to help her idiot boyfriend out of the same jam . This time she does it a little differently and the outcome is also different , but still not very satisfying if you are actually rooting for Manni , which I was not.Once again , the happy couple are alive and well , despite the ending to episode two , and they are in bed having another philosophical discussion . This time it is Manni with the questions . Guess what . The scene is redone for us . Take three . Can Lola make things work this time?Other reviews on this site say that we are shown `` cause and effect '' based on different strategies and decisions that Lola makes . No we 're not . We 're just shown different stories . It 's a little like the tv series Quantum Leap , if you remember that one . There was more cause and effect in Quantum Leap than there is here . In Run Lola Run , freak accident or dumb luck determine the outcome as much as any cause and effect.The fact that the third outcome is happier for the dubious couple than the first two outcomes seems to be telling us that Lola finally got it right , but if you use even half your brain you will realize that some very improbable things were happening all along and this is just a fantasy with no moral , no cause and effect , just an interesting story.So , what is that one question that everything boils down to , and what is its answer ? The question seems to be , umm , that life gives you the opportunity to interact with your environment , and it 's up to you how it all comes out . Maybe not . I do n't know what the hell the question and answer are , that are supposed to be so obvious that they do n't even have to be told to us.In the end , the script writer needs to get hit over the head with a frying pan for that idiocy at the beginning , and Manni needs to be whipped with a wet noodle to knock some sense into him . I 'm sure that torturing him appropriately would help his maturity and character development.This is the only movie I can think of where the idealized happy ending would include the successful completion of an illegal drug deal , followed by a warm pat on the back given by the drug dealer to his brain dead protege.Lola is actually playing Manni 's mommy . Manni is a crying , whining , stupid baby getting himself into a jam and then putting it all on mommy to fix , and demanding that she fix it within a specified very limited time frame , and she has to run to do so , to save her idiot baby , and he petulantly blames her if she does n't perform the miracle , or at least show up , in the allotted time . Being stupid and amoral , Manni is a waste of skin and bone . But mommy helps him and loves him anyway . That 's what mommies are for.Oh , and if there is a cause and effect to this movie , the moral would be that you need to ask a higher power for help , and you need to not rob supermarkets . Gamble instead . Get lucky instead , one way or another . The moral is - get lucky ! Do n't you know that if you just ask the heavens for help you will win the lottery ? But if you try to rob a supermarket you will not be happy . Thank you for that wonderful bit of philosophy . Very deep . At least an inch and a quarter deep .
 You know when you see some special effect or style choice in a movie or tv show or commercial that you like ? Well , take all of those and put them in one movie and this is what Run Lola Run is - and they made it almost 10 years ago ! If you have n't seen this , treat yourself and get it .
 If you do n't like this movie there is something wrong with you . It was easy to follow , and it had the perfect mix of action , drama , and suspence . For an added bonus they threw in some sweet techno music that you have to love .
 Just what I expected from the DVD cover alone . Lola , with her flaming , bright red hair and tender , spunky , and clever wit , makes this film one of the most unforgettable and exciting foreign films that I 've ever seen . For such a simple plot , the film is pure creativity and originality to its fullest . It 's a rollercoaster that has many twists and turns as the journey of Lola , who 's trying to retrieve money for her boyfriend in distress , Manni , is retold THREE times . Each one is re-enacted in a clever , spontaneous , and yes , even believable way . One thing that Lola , or Manni , could have done changes the whole courses of events completely . Yes , the film is confusing . It makes you wonder if any of those events really happened , or if it 's in the imagination of one of the characters . Hell , near the end it feels as if the whole movie was just a dream . That 's what makes this film so fun and entertaining . Not only that , but all the suspense and action does n't take away the affective and well-written dialogue that 's absent from 95 % of action films . Lola is not just a character with flaming red hair who runs , runs , and runs , and screams so loud that she breaks glass . She has a heart and plenty of spunk that makes her a character worth watching , not just a pretty face to look at . I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to watch a fun and entertaining movie that has a bit of a twist , a sense of a humor , and some touchy moments .
 Thinking outside the box is challenging . Creating life and movement outside the box in a way that someone else can easily interpret and appreciate is masterful . Visually , the film could not be better , capturing both action and intense emotional moments with unmatched creativity . Along with expert camera work , editing and superb acting , this film becomes a roller coaster ride for the senses . A work of art , it deserves more than 5 stars .
 This has to be one of my favorites ! Rarely do we see the portrayal of a complex concept done so beautifully , in a movie ! This is all about using intense focus and trance to change a timeline . Lola runs and runs -LRB- the art direction is stunning -RRB- , putting herself into a trance state which allows her to accomplish her mission . It is a brilliant example of how the mind can be used to change a timeline in a moment . I like how the different timelines or parallel realities are portrayed , and it is a great depiction of the quantum field in action . This film is beautifully art directed in the finest flavor of European filmmaking . Whether one has an understanding of quantum physics or not , it is entertaining and thought provoking . Definitely one for the library !
 This film was brought to my attention during English class . Since , I have added it to my own collection . `` Run Lola Run '' is an exciting , upbeat movie that keeps you on the edge of your seat.Mannie and Lola are the main characters . They are the German Bonnie and Clyde . Lola is driven by loyalty-Mannie by money . Each plays a vital role in the film . However , the story centers on Lola 's ordeal , hence the title , with brief interjections into Mannie 's experience.The director carefully sequences three , very possible , scenarios that lead you to yearn for the criminals to succeed . Each scenario contains events that are particular to that version of the story . So , do not blink because some changes are subtle yet intricate to the story line.Music sets the pace . Techno sounds blare in the background , forcing you to keep up with the scenes smearing by . The music controls you-you are but putty in the director 's hands-as you hang on every note . `` Run Lola Run '' was better that I ever anticipated . It was very enjoyable and addictive . Each time I watch the film I see something new ; I am now going on my fourth viewing .
 While watching Run Lola Run , I was thinking , this movie is either going to be terrible or outstanding , and nowhere in between . As it turns out , this is an outstanding film ! It all came together for me in the end , where the real driving point of the film came through
 I loved this movie . It is quirky , but that appealed to me . I found the diversions interesting . The format of running the story over three times did n't seem odd to me . I found it a new way to look at a film without feeling like it was an `` ART '' film . I ca n't say that making another movie like this would work , but it worked for this movie.This is also the first and only commentary I have watched immediately after seening the movie for the first time . After the movie ended , I turned on the commentary and watched again . I thought Franka Potente and Tom Tykwer give great added information to the movie . They do n't take it too seriously but rather take you along as they reminense about how the movie was made.I realize people have different tastes in movies , but I recommend this movie for EVERYONE over 18 . A friend of mine watched this and HATED the fact that it went over the same story three times . I do n't know how to counter that other than to say , open your mind and give this movie a try .
 The only thing upon which I can agree with the previous viewer is that the character of Manni is indeed a bit annoying -- not too bright , and all too willing to blame Lola for his own predicament . This film is so taught , however , that it hardly matters.Run Lola Run is imaginative , mesmerizing , and take-your-breath-away exciting . The amazing visuals work perfectly with an outstanding soundtrack and a highly engaging storyline to create a truly exquisite film experience . Highly , highly recommended !
 I 've watched `` Run Lola Run '' three times now -- once at an arthouse theatre when it first opened , again after purchasing the DVD about a year ago , and again this past week.The first time I watched the DVD , I had n't realized that there were two different versions -- dubbed and subtitled -- on the disk . My wife and I watched the dubbed version and we were both VERY disappointed . Even if you do n't understand a lick of German -LRB- and we do n't -RRB- , the subtitled one allows you to better gauge the emotions of the original performance . Actors dubbing in the dialogue after-the-fact , rarely , if ever , can match the impact of the original.Last week , I watched it again with a friend -- but only after having turned the disk over to the subtitled side.Lola has received a frantic phone call from her boyfriend , Manni . He had left a sack containing 100,000 German Marks on a train ... money that he was going to be turning over to his mobster boss in 20 minutes . If he does n't have the money when he meets his boss , he 's dead.Lola dashes out of her apartment with no general idea of how she 's going to come up with 100,000 Marks , and interacts with a number of people along the way.As for the lesson in -LRB- anti -RRB- theology ... -LRB- from my perspective , anyway -RRB- The anti-theological point of RLR is that the most minute change in any event has a cascading effect where the resulting outcome may bear no resemblance to the events that would occur had the minor changes not taken place . In other words , this film is going to disturb the `` events are pre-ordained by God '' crowd.Early in each of her three runs , Lola encounters a nasty old woman , but with the * slightest * variation between the encounters . The first time , they clip shoulders as she runs past ... the woman sneers and calls Lola a name , and then the film offers about a dozen `` snapshots '' of the events that follow in the woman 's life . -LRB- Something involving the government taking her children ... or perhaps she had kidnapped them in the first place . I ca n't say for certain . -RRB- The second encounter with the woman results in a much bigger bump ... almost knocking the woman over . The woman turns and calls Lola a VERY bad name , but this time the forward-flash snapshots show the woman winning the lottery.In their final encounter , Lola has left the apartment without tripping , and therefore breezes past the old woman because she gets to the same spot about a second earlier . The woman STILL sneers at her , -LRB- but does not call her a name ! -RRB- , and this time we witness the next events in her life
 Tykwer 's `` Lola Rennt '' artfully demonstrates the temporal placement of an ontological progression . Lola moves through time -LRB- twenty minutes -RRB- and in doing so calls attention to the arbitrary nature of the lives she passes . We are distanced from the characterizations -LRB- which are shallow and undeveloped at best -RRB- instead focusing on the nature of her running , and the points in which she comes to friction with the society she is running through.Lola is unkempt . She is garishly attired , with the stop sign red hair that marks the film , defying Hollywood as she trundles along the streets in each of the three segments . She is an atypical female character , tentatively called heroine because there is no way to articulate how she acts for the benefit of herself and her man , and callously moves the world through which she runs . Lola is at odds with the world that regards her through the eyes of complacent security guards and non-believing SWAT-ish teams.The film critiques the stereotypes of relationships and women through its interludes . The relationship between Lola and Manni thematizes the their gender roles , and it is of note in which run the movie is ended , and how it seemingly reaffirms the status quo.In summary , the film is immensely entertaining and services an articulation of a deeper understanding of time and space and the ways in which humans react within said partitioning of being .
 I just watched this film on IFC and I ca n't believe it ! The whole thing is just brilliant . I rarely review films because I love them so much I usually have too much to say about this or that , but I will try to keep it to a minimum : The concept is is one people have seen before
 This is the second film by the director . His first film although interesting was rather static . This film is full of energy and never stops for a minute.The basis of the plot is fairly simple . The heroine 's boyfriend has lost a large amount of money belonging to gangsters . Lola has a very short time to get the money or her boyfriend will be killed in an unpleasant way . She has to run from her flat and work out some scheme to raise the cash.The film intertwines a series of different plots and endings which could have arisen from that one scenario . Each is in its own way amusing although some are grim.As Lola desperately searches for ways to raise the cash there is a grinding techno beat soundtrack which pulsates with energy . Lola herself is played by an actress with total charisma and screen prescence . The only slight negative to the film is that one wonders how she could end up with such a jerk . The film also uses animated sequences and still photography and is quite inovative in style.Not only do Lola and her boyfriend face different fates in each scenario but so do the bit players that they meet . One of the more interesting and dynamic films in years .
 This film is unique , energetic , exciting , and enthralling . It presents a deep viewpoint in an outrageous way . The film is about a woman who , in an attempt to save her boyfriend 's life , runs around trying to find alot of money . When I heard this description , I was a little hesitant about the quality of the film ; when I say it though , I was amazed . The themes and situations that occur are truly unique . I would definitely recommend this film
 Every now and then , a great foreign film makes its way across the pond . And films like `` Run Lola Run '' makes me wonder how many other great foreign films we 're missing out on because Hollywood is unwilling to distribute them to American audiences . Of course , there 's also the minor fact that , until recently , few Americans were willing to give subtitled films a chance . `` Run Lola Run '' is a masterpiece . Combine the look of Madonna 's `` Ray of Light '' music video , and the inter-twined subplots of `` Pulp Fiction '' and you get a basic feel of what to expect from Lola . The soundtrack fits the film like a glove , doing for Lola what say , a John Williams soundtrack does for a Spielberg film . You owe it to yourself to run , not walk , and check this film out in its original German -LRB- down with dubbing ! -RRB- ... wide screen if possible .
 Run Lola Run is absolutly one of the best movies i have seen . The art concepts and character is amazing . Just the way the video is created using narative , live action , simple animation , series photography , and various video techniques -LRB- including
 This movie is about interactions . What you say and do , what others say and do , influence what we do . Action and reaction with a smidgen of chance mixed in . That 's it folks , in a nut shell .
 This is one of my favorite movies , and if you have n't seen it yet , do so . It 's a highly energized , inventive movie about fate , love , and coincidence -LRB- a theme so many directors have embraced recently -RRB- . Everything in his movie is expertly and effectively done
 When I first started watching the movie , I thought it was gon na bore me . But was I wrong ! The movie is awesome and gets really interesting . And , I loved Lola 's hair .
 I LOVED IT ! My mom loved it . My high school classmates loved it -LRB- which surprised me -RRB- . Come on people , it 's just a fun film . Why the heck does every film have to have some artsy - fartsy deep meaning ? -LRB- I 'm talking to you 1 and 2 star reviewers ! -RRB- Why does it have to be a smashing hit with an epiphany that makes you spill your latte on the floor of your overpriced arthouse in order for you to enjoy it ? Why does it have to rival other German directors simply because it 's German?Well , I suppose the same people who said such nasty things about such a cool movie think that techno/drum n ' bass is mindless simply because it is n't written and performed by a self - centered , barefoot wannabe gen - X hippie with a pretentious hypocritical attitude.Well guess what -- SOME PEOPLE LOVED THE SOUNDTRACK ! Maybe it 's just a generation gap here , maybe not ... my aging hippie -LRB- genuine 1960s/1970s -RRB- mom is n't a techno/dnb fanatic , and she even liked the soundtrack . -LRB- I love you mommy ! -RRB- I guess everyone to their own ... * sob *
 This movie is great entertainment that has not much to do with the high budget Hollywood flicks ; it is very interesting and well done . The language is not the most important part of the movie so I would suggest to watch it in its original , German ; but for those who want the english version , you can change the language preferences on the DVD . The mix of `` the real '' with the surreal is not only achieved through the action of the actors and through the repetition of the possible variations of the same 15 minutes , but also through smooth passages in and out of a cartoon world where the action continues . At the end I was left with thoughts of randomness of life .
 I 'm usually a big fan of Moritz Bleibtreu , anyway , but he was totally overshadowed by the dazzling perfomance of Franka Potente in this film . As a friend said , `` I could watch that red hair in the wind for days '' . This is a beautiful film .
 This movie had everything you could hope for in a suspense film . Action , romance , music , crazed psycho mob boss . Before seeing the film I wondered how 20 minutes of time could be played out in an 80 minute film . You have to see it to understand it . My only complaint about the movie is some of the translations . At one point Lola screams , `` Papa , '' and it 's translated as `` Wait ! '' All in all a great movie . I recommend everyone see it . It 's even better if you know a little German , but that does n't matter too much . See it .
 About once or twice a year a movie comes along that renews movie lover 's faith in the genre and keeps them going to the theatre hoping to relive the experience . Run Lola Run is one such movie . Just when you think you 've seen everything , German director Tom Tykwer takes you on a frenetic `` Run '' quite unlike anything seen before . The only thing that comes close to it visually are the post Wall Street Oliver Stone movies and none of them are as entertaining as this . The music is great in the way it matches both the fast paced moments and the slower ones in which the characters are sharing their thoughts . Part of the originality lies in the unlikeliest of heroines Lola . Her red hair could very well be fire the way she runs in three separate episodes which all focus on her getting to her boyfriend Manni in twenty minutes to help save him from an unforgiving drug dealer whom he owes money to but which he 's lost . One would think early on that there would not be much time in this kind of framework to really come to care about Lola and her dilemma . The director Tykwer however , seems gifted in his ability to show only that which is essential and present it in a way that makes you not only care about Lola but makes you root her on as well . Finally , there is an element of magic in the story that rather than make the film seem unlikely has the effect of making one more resolute that the future is indeed in our hands . It 's this magic engineered by Tykwer that makes this film not only one of the best foreign pictures of the year but one of the best pictures of the year period .
 this movie is the best movie i 've seen in a long time -LRB- keep in mind i have n't seen `` american beauty '' -RRB- it was just great.I did n't even mind reading subtitles -LRB- on the dvd they can put it in english , but NEVER be dumb enough to watch the movie with that ! , it is AWFUL!The voices did n't even sound anything like them ! -RRB- I loved how smart it was , especially every time in each story when every time she passed a person it has quick snapshots of the person 's future.If you are debating whether to see this movie or not , i STRONGLY recommend you watch it as soon as possible , and trust me you will not regret it . P.S. if music is an issue for you , you do n't have to worry , the music is unbeleivable ! -LRB- and i was pleasantly surprised to see that on the dvd there is a music video and whats even more mazing is that Franka Potente sings most of the songs , if you do n't know who she is , she 's lola . -RRB-
 `` Lola rennt '' is definately one of my favourite films ever made . I especially love it because it is none of the typical German Hollywood imitations which have flood the video market for years . Indeed I have never watched a similar film . It spreads hope and makes us realise that we ourselves are responsible for our own destiny and that we always should think before we act .
 This is one of the most creative and exciting films I have seen . The English track is a little cheesy , Manni sounds odd and the words are different than the subtitles . No complaints about the film , any fan of cinema will appreciate the camera shots , soundtrack , action , and humor . Highly recommended .
 I have seen this movie more than ten times . It still sets my heart to pounding and makes my breath catch . Genius .
 This fast-paced , innovative and extremely entertaining German film features an inspired techno soundtrack and great use of editing , camera and sound to tell the story of Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- who must figure a way to get 100,000 marks in 20 minutes . This is the excellent premise that shoots off an extremely clever and modern piece of foreign cinema . Great performance , great story , kinetic pace , excellent techno soundtrack and attentive direction make this film and it 's filmmaker one of the most promising things to come out of Germany in the 90 's . Highly Recommended . From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8 !
 I am a Dutch Girl who used to live in Germany , I am married to a US Soldier and lived in the States for a while before being stationed again in Germany now . While in the US I am sorry I missed this movie which was a great hit over here in Germany . I caught this one on TV here and had to order the DVD . Germany rarely makes great flicks , but this is definetely one of their successes . Fast , intelligent , visually exciting with a great pounding soundtrack is what this movie is all about . You get the plot from reading all the other reviews . Being a European I usually am on top of exciting new european avantgarde movies . It took me 2 years to discover this gem , and I am glad I did . If you are young at heart and like to be visually stimulated and have a cosmopolitan mind you will like this one . This is not the movie for your average american joe -LRB- sorry I do not want to insult anybody , but there are people in the States that do n't even know where the hell Germany is and think there are still tanks rolling around Berlin -RRB- . Europe has come a long way in filmmaking and they do not compare to the Hollywood dreamfactory , however this is a rare exception . Enjoy , kick back and watch LOLA RUN !!
 The movie is about the story of Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- who promised her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Maritz Bleibtreu -RRB- that she would find him 10000 DMs in 20 minutes , and if she failed to appear he would go rob the supermarket . Its not the greatest storyline in the world and the characters in the movie have the amazing capacity to do the most stupid , impulsive things without thinking first , but I must say that I enjoyed the whole movie from start to end and watched it twice , first by myself then with my husband . The comic quality of this movie is dry but good , and its pace is fast which means that you hardly have time to think or predict what the character is going to do next before they do it . The soundtrack is the style of authentic German trance-techno music ... which pleased my husband a great deal because he 's a German trance-techno fan . This is definitely no quiet , emotional drama ... the characters are brash and act and say whatever they want . If you watch the DVD version you can choose to watch the movie in its original German version with English subtitles , or you can choose to watch it in an English-dubbed version . My personal preference is the original German version with English subtitles . The other English-dubbed version I find really irritating because they do n't even dub it word for word ... original swear-words in German are substituted by tame and ridiculously stupid English words which many of us do n't even use in our daily life for swearing or expressing anger . Not only that , the dubbing is unemotional -LRB- sounds like the English-dubbers they use to dub Japanese cartoons into English -RRB- and it sounds plastic and lacks the real depth of feeling that the original German version contains .
 I fell completely in love with this brilliant artistic film from the first moment that I laid eyes on it . I got to say I 'm pretty surprised I have not heard of it until now , in my English class . There is more action and emotion in the first 30 minutes of this movie than in BraveHeart , Matrix , and any Schwartzenegger film put together . It is a film rich with color , sound , creativity , and non-stop exhilaration!The plot is this girl named Lola has 20 minutes to get to her boyfriend and get him $ 100,000 before he is killed for screwing up a job . There is no time wasted on subplot , the subplot develops as the story moves on . The cool thing about this movie is that we not only see what happens as Lola scrambles to get the money , but we see it happen three times . Each time Lola 's 20 minutes are up , we start fresh with a few things learned and try all over again . What is admirable about Lola is her strong determination to succeed and conquer the obstacles . She fights for what she believes , for what she trusts , and for what she loves.To me , the movie Run Lola Run is also a story of the little intricacies that you , me , and every other person in the world take for granted as we pass each other on the street and pass each other by and how those little meaningless nuances can change our entire lives . The difference between a person running into you and running by you is the difference between you being a baby-stealer and being a lottery winner . The plot may have been simple but the acting was solid , charismatic and charming . The film is so captivating in every aspect ; it almost made me forget that this is a German film with English subtitles .
 Have you ever had a dream where , perhaps you did not like the way the dream was evolving , so you manipulated the events in some sort of re-do/start-over variation , and tried again ? Well , this is ` Run Lola Run ' ... a heart-thumping , high adrenaline romp of a wild ride.Lola is a young woman who is supposed to pick up her boyfriend , Manni , from the train station . Manni - - who is kind of incompetent and obviously dependant on Lola for guidance - - works for criminal-types , and he was to make a delivery of 100,000 deutsche marks to his boss . Due to circumstances beyond Lola 's control , she is unable to pick up Manni at the designated time , and he , in his confusion , misplaces the bag which contains the money . Manni is convinced that his boss will kill him if he does n't have the money ; Lola insists she can come up with the money , and Manni agrees to wait just twenty minutes for her , or else he will rob a large retail store nearby to get it . The key here is the twenty minutes . This frantic phone conversation sets everything in motion , and Lola 's mad dash commences . As the first twenty minutes winds down unsuccessfully , in that almost dream-like method , Lola is able to re-do the twenty minutes with similar but variant results , and then again a third time . It is the variant results that make the scenes so fascinating . Not only is this girl running with everything she 's got , the director strafes you with fast-paced shots , and the pulsing techno-music feels like an aerobic workout in your brain . Each person she comes across causes us to catch a small but interesting glimpse into the effects we all unknowingly have upon each other . And , remarkably , for as little time you get with the lesser characters -LRB- her mother , father , people in the street -RRB- , you are able to develop a much broader characterization and even a better understanding of who Lola is - - independent and confident.The only flaw in this story involves logic . I could n't help wondering why Lola just did n't go back and change the one thing that would 've solved the whole situation - - get to the train station to pick up Manni on time ! But , all in all , I think ` Run Lola Run ' is a very enjoyable film , and is visually pleasing as well as refreshingly original , story-wise . I am just hoping it does not garner so much attention as to warrant an American copy , starring J-Lo !
 I just sit and watch it without question , i never heard of it before but i love this movie . Im ready to rent it too . Excelent techno-trance music .
 This movie is unlike anything you 've ever seen or will ever see again . Lola has 20 minutes to find 100,000 marks to save her boyfriend from the mob . The movie shows three different scenarios and how the smallest thing , such as tripping on the way down the stairs , can effect your entire life . Very cool . Its the only movie I 've seen that I can say I notice something new each and every time I watch it . You will not be bored by this movie . Its one of the few movies I 've ever seen that can combine action and suspense with an intelligent plot . A must see !!
 I watched `` Run Lola Run '' for the first time in a film class my Senior year in college . I was completely surprised and impressed by this film . I had heard about it when it was first released , but I never knew what all the excitement was about . Well , I soon discovered it!This film follows a young woman and her boyfriend as they try to come up with a large sum of money in 20 minutes that is owed to a gangster . What is really cool about this film is that it goes through numerous paths that each person could have taken . Once one storyline is finished , the story starts all over again in a different way . It 's very exciting and that excitement is complimented by a pounding techno beat.I would highly suggest this film to everyone and not just those who study film or are into indie films . I think anyone can enjoy this film because it 's filled with so many things that make movies great
 As soon as I heard about this movie I had to go out and rent it ... this turned out to be a great decision . I watched it 3 times in one weekend and it is now one of the crowning jewels in my DVD collection.Lola is an amazing chacter , who is very easy to empathize with . with one phone call at the beginning of the movie she is thrown into a dizzying situation which requires her to act entirely based on wit and instinct ; she has 20 minutes to get 100,000 marks or her boyfriend , Manie , is a dead man.the short time frame evicts raw emotion from Lola , and she goes thru every obsticle presented to her quickly with no time or patience for anything that gets in her way . the things we get to see are Lola 's split second reactions , along with how small differences in her encounters -LRB- down to what words a woman uses to curse at Lola -RRB- affect not only her outcome , but the future of the other people in the encounter . the use of flash forward still frames gives you a glimpse into these character 's changed lives , and does so effectively while not slowing down the movie . There are some scenes , not in the 20 minute timeline , that give an in depth look at the characters . My favorite of these is a scene with Lola and Manie where they have a `` how do you know you love me '' conversation that establishes the depth of their relationship without being over the top or weakening the characters . the movie is WONDERFUL.Personal recomendation
 To me the most interesting philisophical aspect of this film is n't the obvious one presented . That of `` small seemingly insignifigant events can alter our destinies '' -LRB- or the flapping of a butterflies wings can cause a hurricane -RRB- . Rather than focus on that I found myself enthralled by Lola 's physical plight through the streets of Berlin . It seemed as a microcosm for life itself . It was a road movie with an overexerted heartbeat . If you do n't think this movie was deep I think you may have to take a closer look.The part that set my head spinning was during the third story when Lola has absolutely zero solutions for her situation and asks herself `` what should I do now ? ... Keep Running . '' Do n't we tell ourselves that in some form everyday of our lives . Motion making us cancel out the fact that we may be on infinite auto pilot . Motion cancelling out the fact that at the end of the day we are all going to die anyway.Some people have said that the running became dull or redundant but honestly those are the parts of the film that challanged me to go inside of myself most of all . On top of that this film is truly cinematic -LRB- unlike most made these days -RRB- and has a driving techno soundtrack.Sometimes actions speak louder than words . . and in this case that is proved to the 110th degree .
 A photographer 's film . Absolute art . Color , composition , story & soundtrack combine to make this an A + film .
 A great , fast-paced movie with intelligent social commentary . Not only is this movie an adrenaline rush , but it 's also a visual delight . There are little visual cues to pick up here and there , for example the roadway that forms infin -- the Greek symbol for infinity -- in the opening sequence.The actors are clearly talented , particularly the two leads . Even though Manni and Lola have very litte screen time together , their chemistry is evident throughout . Somehow , Potente and Bleibtreu make is incredibly easy to see why Lola would risk so much for her boyfriend.But , having watched the movie I was left thinking
 Very fast movie , too many things happen in just seconds , few moments to breathe . It 's absolutely non-boring and takes your heartbeats to the top . The music is also very fast , it makes an excellent complement . Lola 's anxiety to get the money and meet her boyfriend before 20 minutes is transmitted to the viewer . Many elements are found in the movie , for example
 Great film ! In fact , it 's pretty scary how many times in the past couple of years it 's been -LSB- copied -RSB- . When I watched the first episode of `` Alias '' , I could n't believe how blatantly they were stealing from `` Run Lola Run '' . It 's fun , it 's fast-paced , it has a great soundtrack and it 's worthy of some respect . Plus , I think Franka Potente is remarkably sexy in this movie.The DVD has some okay extras . If you 're not into reading your films , then you can access the english overdub . And for fans of the soundtrack there 's a music video for the single . But the real reason to but this DVD is re-watch-ability .
 In this German movie , a young girl named Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- must get 20,000 marks to her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Bleibtreu -RRB- in 20 minutes or he will die . The premise sounds kind of dumb , but the execution is phenomenal . In the great tradition of Bill Murray in Groundhog Day , Lola is given multiple chances to get things right . Lola 's first attempts , which end in tragedy , place her right back where she started . All along the way , the audience gets to see how the smallest and seemingly insignificant actions can have the largest consequences . This film speaks volumes about the potential that each human being has to change their life and the lives of others . When I first saw this movie , I could n't help but become completely engrossed in the film . In some movies , the simplest plots produce the most complex and interesting story lines . This is definitely one of those . Through the simple and seemingly silly premise , the characters bring up very interesting questions about love , family , society , and human needs . Like the other movies I have listed , I recommend this one full heartedly to anyone who is looking for a unique film . I recommend you watch this movie in German dubbing and English subtitles for the full effect however , rather than simply English dubbing .
 This has to be one of the finest foreign action films I have ever seen . Kudos to the Germans on making this a fast paced , edge of your seat fantasy-action , soon to be cult - classic masterpiece . It puts forth intruiging circumstances . What if you did n't miss the bus or what if you bought that lottery ticket ? In this film Lola and her boyfriend get to play out three different outcomes to almost identical situations . The dubbing to English is annoying at first but you get used to it . It is slightly off emotion . This is a great addition to your DVD collection .
 Run Lola Run is a visually stunning film . It is a fast paced heart pounder which leaves you lterally breathless afterwards . The film is set to the backdrop of Berlin which the director shoots beautifully . The idea is fresh and unique and the effect is achieved quite well . The soundtrack is apporpriate , and the scenes well coreographed . this is definetely one of the best movies of 1999 . Run Lola Run is a superb movie putting Germany back on the map of exquisite filmmaking countries . i hope to see more great exports soon !
 I would give this film ten stars if I could . I loved this movie . It was a fast-paced , non-stop , emotional romp that captured the gamut of emotions from A to Z ! I can tell whether a movie is truly excellent if it can make me cheer for the characters -- I was jumping up and down in excitement for these characters ! Lola has one hefty set of lungs which she regularly uses to her advantage , and I would have screamed along with her . One important aspect of this movie was definitely the soundtrack . The driving rhythms of the techno beat really added a certain nuance to the movie . There definitely would have been a lot missing from the movie had the techno music not been a major part . Another very important part of the movie was the inclusion of excerpts from Charles Ives ' `` The Unanswered Question , '' a monumental piece of classical music . It added a very nice existential touch to the movie , referring to the unanswered question of life . In a way , `` The Unanswered Question '' was the heart of the film , acting as an interlude between life and death for Lola and Manni and making them re-evaluate themselves and each other , finding out what is most important to both of them . The other characters in the film serve as ordinary people that either play major or minor parts to the cacophony that surrounds Lola and Manni . Lola 's father plays the indifferent , two-timing parent perfectly , and everyone else is cast very strong as well . Franka Potente is superb , enough said , and Moritz Bleibtreu is effective as well , portraying a confused and desperate man caught in a bad situation . Wonderful acting , wonderful dialogue , wonderful action , and wonderful music combine for a wonderful movie !
 When her boyfriend Manni , in a panic , absent-mindedly leaves a bag of crime money on a subway in an effort to evade the police , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- comes to the rescue , knowing that Manni 's crime boss will suspect a double-cross if the 100,000 marks is not found or replaced . She does so in three separate sequences a la Rashomon or Jackie Brown -LRB- two imaginary , one apparently real -RRB- with varying degrees of success.Tight , exhilarating film which starts with way too many MTV-like gimmicks -LRB- animation , under-cranking , over-cranking , video , film , black and white , color -RRB- but eventually settles into its own beautiful pace and never lets up . Potente delivers an excellent performance as the frantic redhead , running running running -LRB- for what seems to be a quarter of the film -RRB- , her bright mane of flames crackling behind her as she sets the streets afire in her single-minded quest.With all this rushing , it 's a small miracle that director/writer Tom Tykwer is able to build these characters as well as he does . Even more amazing , though , is that in under 80 minutes they become one of the most believable on-screen romantic couples of the year , enough to make this one of the year 's best films .
 Tom Tykwer must 've been hopped up on seven pots of Cuban coffee when he wrote the screenplay to RUN LOLA RUN . It 's a nervy , jolting 1998 German thriller that hurtles like a runaway train . It 's packed with urgent , kinetic moments . It 's goaded by a pulsing techno score . It ambushes you with an unusual plot twist a third into it . It won the 1999 Sundance Film Festival Audience Award and plenty of other awards , so it can shout that from the rooftops.What ever happened to Franka Potente ? She 'd amassed so much cachet after her electrifying performance here , I 'm surprised I have n't seen her more on-screen since . RUN LOLA RUN does n't ef around . It right away establishes the two leads and the story 's central conflict . Potente plays `` Lola , '' a redheaded whirling dervish of a girl who dashes off to rescue her frantic boyfriend Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- who only has 20 minutes left to recover the 100,000 German marks that he 'd lost , and then hand that over to his boss ... his very testy mob boss . You wonder what an ordinary girl like Lola can do . I mean , besides run really fast and with arm-pumping abandon . One third thru the film , when things seem at its bleakest , maybe she 'll surprise you . Because the thing that happens , I think she wills it into happening . *** Hey now , SPOILERS alert for this paragraph !! *** Some say that this film is comprised of three parallel realities that showcase the same characters . Me , I prefer to regard RUN LOLA RUN as a time travel story , because it 's cooler that way and it presents a stronger connective tissue . Sort of more12 :01 than , say , Sliding Doors . RUN LOLA RUN tweaks your senses with some metaphysical themes
 I saw this movie for the first time whilst visiting Germany - it was playing on TV and in original German -LRB- with no subtitles , of course . -RRB- Have I mentioned I do n't speak German , apart from `` bitte '' and `` danke '' ? I actually understood most of the movie ! The basic plot of the movie does n't revolve around the dialogue , but having seen it later with English subtitles was a much richer experience . I was so blown away by `` Lola Rennt '' in Germany , I went on a mission to buy the soundtrack before I left the country ! -LRB- As an aside , it 's AWESOME workout music ! -RRB- I 'm re-purchasing today in DVD format to replace the VHS I bought when I returned to the states in 2000 . Watch this movie - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I watched `` Run , Lola , Run '' without any real insight on what to expect . I had gotten the idea that it would probably be of more interest to young adults but I can attest that us older folks can enjoy it too . I admit that I was initially wondering if I was going to be watching a movie or a cartoon but I got to like the animated version of Lola running down the stairs . The lifestyles on display leave a lot to be desired but I let myself glide past that once I realized what a multi-facetted movie this is . `` Run , Lola , Run '' is a movie that shows us a lot of stories within the stories and a lot of alternate scenarios . If you 're one of those `` if only '' second-guessers , this is your chance to find out `` what if '' . I liked the variables and I thought that the movie was quite unique in that regard . I wo n't give anything away although that , itself , may be misleading . This film challenges our expectations and , in doing so , might be giving us a glimpse of the future . I recalled a pavillion at the World 's Fair Expo '67 in Montreal . It was , I believe , the Czech pavillion and they showed a movie that stopped at different points in the film when there was a major development . There was a `` time-out '' and the audience was asked to vote for one of several directional options that they were given and the movie proceeded with the requested option . `` Run , Lola , Run '' looks like a movie in which the production staff got several chances to vote on their options and decided to include them all . It works !
 I saw this movie in my college film class and was immediately hooked . It is one of the few orginial movies I have seen in years .
 Good movie , a heart pumping punky kinda movie , with fun techno music to thread it all together , and fantastic acting!This is a movie for independent film lovers , for sure . I love this movie , but I would not watch this in the english dubbed version , the voice overs are so bad it 's comical -- well ok -- watch that version if you want a good laugh . I did n't even know they had a dubbed version till I bought this on DVD to replace my VHS .
 REALLY GOOD . This one demonstrates how fate and split second timing can make all the difference in the outcome of any event.Although the final outcome was a bit of a reach , I forgave that tiny misstep because the movie as a whole was exciting and extremely original.Not for everyone , but if you have an open mind , Run Lola Run is a must-see . This is a plot -LRB- or multiple plots -RRB- that I can honestly say I have never seen before.Because Run Lola Run is not to everyone 's tastes , I suggest you rent it first before buying . I did rent it , and I am going to buy Run Lola Run this week . I want Run Lola Run in my blu-ray collection .
 This is a FANTASTIC movie especially for people who are interested in exploring alternate realities and having serious discussions related to how one single split-second decision can change everything ! I 've watched this movie several times and it still WOWS me . The star , Franka Potente , who also played the girlfriend in The Bourne Identity , is amazing.The comic relief in the ` cartoon ' segments makes this movie lots of fun to watch as well . Viewers will also want to hit the slow motion button to see all the details of the lesser characters life changes . This movie is stunning and is a ` must see ' for all thinking movie buffs as well as people who enjoy pondering the wonders of `` what if ? '' .
 I saw this one Friday night and soon after bought the dvd . The other reviews give you a plot breakdown , but I will mention a few things I really like . Filmed in Germany -LRB- West Berlin -RRB- maybe , and lots of outdoor city locations . I have only viewed the sub-titled version , and it works great . A couple dialogue - heavy scenes which require some reading , but not too taxing . I do have a thing for most things German , so I like hearing the language . Also a fine soundtrack in this film ! Techno and pulsing , watch this on a home theatre or with a high quality audio system . It really adds to the experience imho . Plus I enjoyed the little `` snapshot '' stills that Twyker throws in along the way . Very cool.Some negative reviewers say they did n't get the film and it was repetitive . Just go along for the ride and enjoy the sights and sound . In my opinion this is a real good way to spend an hour and a half . Try it out ! Thanks for reading my sort of disjointed review .
 this is a movie you can watch again and again and discover new things every time . I use it in my German high school classroom and the students like the fast pace and the music . The actress , Franka Potente , went on to play in several well known hollywood productions after Run Lola Run . She 's the girlfriend in Bourne Identity . She 's great in this movie !
 This is an awesome movie . Franka Potente is quite hot and such a good actress . Her story in this film is so powerful and believeable . As long as you do n't mind subtitles -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- . The soundtrack is also amazing and should be checked out as well . Enjoy !
 When the film first started , I have to say I was ready to write the film off . I notice a lot of films who use wild filmmaking techniques to cover up the lack of substance in the film . With this it seemed as if anything and everything was used to tell the story for wild , fast-paced editing to animated sequences to split-screen . But whereas Requiem for a Dream also had a myriad of visual tricks to make up for the lack of substance , this film is a rollercoaster and knows it and uses it because it needs it . This was not meant to be some tearjerking drama ; it 's just good energetic stuff.Manni is in trouble because he lost 100,000 of a mobster 's money and he is n't happy and he gives him 20 minutes to find it or else . His girlfriend Lola is n't going to just sit around and has to run all over the place in order to help find it before Manni robs a supermarket . But this 20 minutes is told a couple of times over as possible alternatives . Instead of not knowing what will happen but rather where the same story will branch off into different outcomes.Now I should mention the opening sequence which is as kinetic and obvious MTV influenced than anything . By this time I was thinking `` I do n't think I 'm going to be into this very much '' . That is until the film jettisoned that idea and it becomes more energetic and it works better . One of my favorite ideas is at times Lola will bump into someone in a scenario and a series of photographs will show you where that person 's life will lead with different outcomes . Example
 ` Run Lola Run ' is a fast-paced film with a philosophical message . Lola has 20 minutes to find a huge sum of money or her boyfriend is going to have to answer to some very angry gangsters.We are given three differenct scenarios about what choices Lola could have made , and how those choices play out for good or bad . This is all done at a breathless pace filled with dark humor .
 Loud enough to shatter glass.There are three keys to the success of this remarkable German language film -LRB- with English subtitles -RRB-
 This is never a dull moment in this movie . It looks and sounds great in Blu-ray as well .
 While the film is excellent and a worthwhile addition to nearly any library , I find it somewhat problematic that this release does not include subtitles in German . Seeing as those preparing this disk saw fit to include a wide array of subtitle options and spoken languages , it would seem natural to include subtitles for the language that the folks on screen are speaking . This is not a problem specific to this release , as the DVD version did the same thing , as do other German releases such as the excellent `` The Lives of Others '' DVD.All other aspects of this release are pretty spiffy , as the picture and sound quality is excellent , and the special features are interesting.This disk is surely worth picking up for cinema fans .
 A T.S. Eliot quote . A swinging pendulum and spinning hands on a monstrous clock . Countless faded figures moving quickly by.And in the center of the crush , a man in a cop uniform says -LRB- in German -RRB- , `` The ball is round . The game lasts 90 minutes . That 's a fact . Everything else is pure theory . '' He kicks it into the sky.Well , Tom Tykwer certainly knows how to get our attention . And it 's only a few minutes in the kinetic , high-octane , colourful world of `` Run Lola Run '' -- a wild action/romance that studies the ripple effect of our lives , and the changes we can make in the name of love.Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- receives a call from her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , a drug courier . Because Lola 's moped was stolen , Manni had to take the subway home -- and he accidentally left behind a bag of money . Now he has twenty minutes to somehow get 100,000 marks , or his boss Ronnie is going to kill him.Lola races across Berlin to her father 's bank -- only to find him with his mistress , and hear that he 's leaving his other family . Desperate , she runs to where Manni is waiting , and helps him rob a convenience store . But as they flee , the police catch up to them -- and Lola is shot . `` But I do n't want to . I do n't want to leave , '' she mutters . And time rewinds to where she left her apartment -- and this time , Lola 's determined to do things differently . As she runs from one end of Berlin to another , she sends ripples through the lives of those she passes -- and she 'll keep running until she finds a hundred thousand marks to save herself and Manni . `` Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt -RRB- '' was what propelled Tom Tykwer to international fame . And given that his other movies tend to be slower and more dreamlike -- though no less striking visually -- this movie is striking not only for its speed , but the sweet romance and the lesson about the old `` butterfly 's wings '' adage . -LRB- Also see
 This fast-paced film with an unusual narrative structure is an edgy , witty exploration of cause-and-effect , coincidence , and the proliferation of meaning . To say too much would be to spoil all the fun surprises . Just see it and enjoy !
 Tykwer created a cinematic monster when he shot Run Lola Run . The director had a limited budget and time , so the choice of shooting with a digital camera made this opus possible . Tykwer had limitless possibilities with this media , and made full use of the surreal capabilities of his camera . The viewer is dragged on a journey through time and space , and s/he is left wanting more . The simple intense dialogue grounds this film in its setting and the thumping techno beats of the soundtrack keeps the viewers heart racing . This film is not only useful for modern German cultural studies , it is ideal for the German language classroom . Run Lola Run is a memoir of a moment in history . The red haired heroine races to unite the once divided city of Berlin , and in doing so tries to find an identity for herself and the German people . Entertaining and heart wrenching , this film stands the test of time . Run Lola Run is a masterwork of post-unification German cinema . Whether it be the digital shots , the pulsing soundtrack , or the repeating storylines , this film takes the viewer on a journey that s/he will never forget .
 I do n't think this movie was really so much about the untypical heroine versus hero . I think it was more about the what-ifs situations.This movie is an interesting take on public perception with a heavy emphasis on the Butterfly effect . Lola has 20 minutes to produce 100,000 Marks or her boyfriend Manni gets killed . As she 's running through the streets of Berlin figuring out how to come up with the cash , she bumps into people along the way who see this red-headed stranger in a hurry . No one really knows why she 's in such a hurry nor is she aware of what 's going on in their lives . Lola bumps into a woman with a baby carriage ; what little importance she has for this woman as she struggles to save another life . The feelings are mutal from the woman , yet , three times we get a glimpse into her three possible futures . The uniqueness of the movie is depicted in three alternate endings based on different choices Lola makes in her desparation to get the cash for her boyfriend.Lola does n't make discoveries about people until she stops for more than a minute to realize what is going on around her , and vice versa . Had she never gone to her father for money , she never would have found out he was having an affair . Had she stopped to talk to the woman with the baby carriage she might have found out she was buying a lottery ticket she would later win or was beaten or which ever scenario panned out . But then she would have missed the chance to meet her father . Etc. . Etc. . Etc. . Questions leading to more questions to more questions.The butterfly effect is seen throughout the movie even in the beginning when Manni blames the loss of the money on Lola not showing up on time to pick him up after the drug deal which caused him to take the train to bump into the homeless man who distracted him from the sack of money he was supposed deliver and leaving it on the train . At first you scoff at the boyfriend 's irresponsibility for blaming Lola for his own mess up , but that 's where the butterfly effect really begins and , like it or not , Lola started it all.In the final scenario , Lola makes a different choice ... she stops running lon enought to spend a few minutes with a dying man in an ambulance as he recovers . In the end , the running was for nought . Her boyfriend ends up solving his own problem . Lola wass useful in one man 's life but useless in helping another . Is it all inconsequential ? Just a passer by ? Probably not.If you 're not into alternative films then this might not be for you . Even I was left a little confused . Yet , it 's a worthwhile movie taking on a curious angle on how in some form or another our actions affect others just in the nature of our being .
 Wird sie es schaffen ? In diesem tollen Film haben wir Lola , rothaerrig und laut . Frueher im Tag wurde ihr Rad geklaut und deshalb konnte sie ihren festen Freund , Manni nicht abholen.Manni hatte DM 100.000 in einer U-Bahn verloren . Ein Penner hat das Geld jetzt aber Manni hat gar keine Ahnung , wo er ist . Jetzt kommt ein Mann fuers Geld . Wenn Manni es nicht hat , wird er erschossen werden . Er hat zwanzig Minuten aber kein Geld.Am Anfang des Filmes sehen wir ein Telefongespraech zwischen Manni und Lola . Sie verspricht , in 20 Minuten da zu sein und mit dem Geld . Wie , weiss sie noch nicht . Sie legt auf und beginnt , dahin zu rennen.Der Film gibt uns drei moegliche Endungen . Jede ist ganz anders . Es kommt darauf an , wie schnell sie ist , mit wem sie spricht , und wann . Ihr Vater , ein Mann in einem Auto , und sogar ein Junge mit Hund auf der Treppe spielen eine grosse Rolle.Man soll diesen Film sehen . Ich bin Deutschlehrer und ich habe ihn meiner Klasse gezeigt . Sie haben ihn geliebt , hoffentlich wird es auch Dir gefallen.By the way , I teach German and thought it appropriate to write the review in German . Basically I loved the movie because of its originality and fun . I recommend it highly .
 I 'm going to keep this short and sweet
 This German masterpiece puts US films to shame . It 's like Sliding Doors for the rave set . Franka P. is totally awesome ! She should be eligible to compete for track events in Sydney :-RRB- This film is creative , innovative and totally rockin ' ! one of my favorites ! The fact that it is in German only makes it cooler . I 've seen it in subtitles AND dubbed and in it 's native tongue it 's SO much better!P.S . The soundtrack is awesome too , good to exercise to , but do not drive to it ! It causes speeding !
 It 's a pity that Hollywood can not produce films that rival foreign movies of the genre of Run Lola Run . It 's powerful soundtrack , the brilliant photography , witty direction and above all , fine pieces of acting , combines together to deliver a masterpiece.Run Lola Run is about the uncertainty in how things ` could have been ' had ` this ' happened . Upon viewing , one is immediately led to place themselves in the shoes of Lola , do n't be surprised if you find yourself screaming - ohh , I wish I had read the newspaper earlier in the morning , I would n't have missed out on the deal they had down at the Mall , ... or conversely , romantically recollecting - If I had n't missed the bus the day I met Jerry we would have never been such good friends , ... - everything that we do , our actions , even the subtlemost of events changes every following event - that is the main theme . The director does a brilliant work of explaining how every action shapes the future in a cleverly crafted movie with a very apt soundtrack . This is one movie you wo n't forget too soon , if you want to see a title with productive context , yet not drab as a documentary , or fast-paced and context-less as most Hollywood Action productions , watch this . It never drags even for a moment , provides the viewer with food for thought , while at the same time produce a brilliant work of visualizaion and above all , a novel and absorbing unpredictable storyline .
 Run Lola Run is Groundhog Day done right . What would you do if you only had twenty minutes to reset your life ? This film is a modern-day faery-tale retelling , embellishing on the `` three wishes '' motif.Everyone the psychically-powerful Lola meets has their fates changed by the encounter . I think the tragicomic effects of Lola are absolutely hilarious!The movie is very fast-paced -LRB- duh ! -RRB- with an excellent and oh ! - so-appropriate soundtrack . Cartoons are interspersed with the live-action bits which are all covered over by driving techno tunes and dotted with freeze-frame photography , creating a perfect panacea for the tv generation . And let 's face it , most of us belong to that generation , even if we 've traded in our tellies for the Internet ...
 1 . The most original directing I have seen in years . Oliver Stone tried to make this kind of movie when he made Natural Born Killers , but failed miserably . Tom Tykwer succeeds triumphantly .2 . One of the best soundtracks in film history . The next time you watch this -LRB- and believe me , you will want to watch it over and over -RRB- , just listen to the music , and watch the visuals - do n't pay attention to the dialogue . Amazing , is n't it ? 3 . Franka Potente is one of the most mezmerizing women I have ever seen on screen . You could watch this movie over and over and only look at her face the whole time .4 . This movie has the unique ability to make things that you might normally perceive as boring so hypnotic that you ca n't take your eyes off of it . For example , who would have that a running woman could be so interesting ? In the hands of Franka Potente and Tom Tykwer , it is absolutely riveting.For all these reasons and more , see this movie . I love this movie so much , and I 've probably seen it well over 10 times , but at the same time it 's hard to describe WHY I love it . I 've tried to do that here , but I really ca n't . You are just going to have to see it to believe it .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is beyond description . You just have to see it . Very fast paced and exciting , but a great sense of character development for such a short movie . This is one you will want to watch over and over again . Very well done , and the music is great .
 My only complaint about this movie ... it was too short . I could have watched another hour if the quality stayed the same . It was unfortunate that Run Lola Run did n't have move exposure in the US . It was the perfect fusion of form and function . I 'm not sure what played a more important role , the music , the story , or the red hair . They were all intertwined so perfectly that I found myself drawn in more than I 've found with almost any other movie.This movie is driven by a pulsating , drving beat . I found myself unable to keep from moving with it . But , it 's more than just a music video . The story behind this movie , similar to Sliding Doors , is one of `` What if ... '' It takes you through three different scenarios showing how everything is affected by everything else . The slightest change can cause an entire day to go differently for everyone . The metaphysical ramifications are astounding . The future 's not fixed . Our lives are n't predetermined . It 's also frightening . One small change can alter the entire course of history.Of course , this is completely unnecessary to enjoy the movie . What this movie lacks is tedium . It never lets you down and is always engaging . It also has very red hair .
 Wow ... this is less like watching a movie than it is experiencing a movie ... . This is one not to be missed ! and the DVD rocks , with the choice for subtitled or dubbed ... this is what DVD is great for , everyone is happy with one edition ... buy this DVD today !
 Some have remarked on the originality of the film 's concept . In fact , this is one of the science fiction genre 's more cliched premises . What makes it novel , perhaps , is that it 's applied to a non-science fiction setting . But , as interesting as the concept is , it does other films and television shows an injustice to regard _ Run Lola Run _ as an entire innovation.What separates _ Run Lola Run _ from other films is not the story itself so much as the way the story is told . Director Tom Tykwer is an auteur run amuck . From the opening sequence , we are completely at the mercy of Twyker 's powerful vision . _ Run Lola Run _ is the collision of German expressionism , Czech animation , and MTV . So much of this film is told though this blend of visual styles , in fact , that one could turn off the subtitles and understand most of what was going on.This is not to say that the film is a vacuous visual metaphor . Far from it . Tykwer has crafted a genuine story here , with a great moral center . It 's just that that morality is not exposed through pages of dialogue . Tykwer , instead , uses so many techniques , so well-edited together , that the characters are largely defined visually before you even know what 's happening.Clearly , this is a must-have film for anyone seriously interested in the craft of filmmaking . Not only will you learn a lot from the cacophony on display in the film itself , but the commentary -LRB- only in English -RRB- is especially enlightening . This is one of the very few secondary audio commentaries on DVD in which the lead actress plays a part , and her insight is invaluable . It 's extremely intriguing to hear scenes relived from both sides of the camera . More interestingly , though , Tykwer 's explanation of how he pulled off his vision is something that will energize even the most casual filmmaker .
 I loved the film . There is not much more that I can add to what has been already said of the content of the film by many of my co-reviewers . I had to say that the audio commentary by the film 's writer/director
 I do n't need to explain . It 's a great movie , among my top 10 . Buy it and watch it over and over , because thats the kind of movie it is . Oh yeah , watch the German version with English Text . It does n't add words and bad Grammar . . Like the English dubbed version does .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is a masterpiece so unlike a movie - a movie in the traditional sense , that is , that it 's difficult to follow at first . On second and later viewings , it can be viewed for the marvel that it is . It is ingenious in its subtle nuances of passing characters and seemingly throwaway moments that turn out to be so much more , and build the suspense and anticipation , as well as the opprtunity for brilliant twists , throughout the movie . The pulsating sound-track is a stroke of genius , and falls right in step with the relentless pacing of the movie . If you are intolerant of unusual or innovative filmmaking , do not see this movie . But if you have a genuine taste for the bizzare , the creative , the attention-grabbing , and the deviously intelligent , `` Run Lola Run '' is a movie for you .
 to those who are praising this movie . It is fun , it is profound , it is whimsical , it is confrontational -- everything that Hollywood movies are not . It is the kind of movie that demands repeated viewings . A MUST BUY !
 I steped out of the theater after seeing this movie and walked right across the street to a music store to buy the soundtrack . It was sold out and I was n't suprised . Everything about this movie rocks , from the the surrealistic concept of the film to the dynamic cinematography and the driving , relentless music . Some criticize this film as a movie-length music video , but I am unapologetic about my enthusiasm for the quick pace and exciting camerawork of this movie . I do n't have a DVD player yet , but I 'm definately going to get one before December when this movie comes out . I want to experience this movie again with image and sound quality as high as possible . See this movie in a theater if you can . If not , get the DVD .
 Tom Tykwer 's creative , avant-garde flick `` Run Lola Run '' is a hectic action fantasy filmed with some unusual cinematography in the streets of Berlin . Using a formula as seen in Kurosawa 's classic `` Rashomon '' the story postulates three possible plot scenarios , aided by some clever cartoon segments.The crux of the story involves Lola played by Franka Potente from `` The Bourne Identity '' and her boyfriend Manni played by Moritz Bleibtreu . Manni , a low level criminal and certainly not the sharpest knife in the draw , is acting as a courier for 100,000 deutsch marks the proceeds from a deal . Due to a foul up in plans he witlessly leaves the funds he is to deliver to a dangerous gangster on a subway where they are scooped up by a bum . He desperately calls up Lola telling her that they must come up with the 100,000 within 20 minutes or he 's dead meat.Lola implores him to wait , assuring him that she 'll get the money . However Manni has rashly threatened to rob a large nearby supermarket to procure the money.The plot continues as we see Potente running wildly through Berlin attempting to get the dough . Three separate possible scenarios play out as she rushes to her dad , who is a bank manager , to try and get the funds . Fate has a large part in determining how each possibility will turn out .
 This German film is a fascinating exposition in how events in our lives that my seem trivial can actually have a huge effect in the long run . Much like Ray Bradbury 's butterfly , who 's death in prehistoric times forever changed how the English language was written , this movie explores the domino effect . By exploring three different outcomes from the same triggered event , it successfully reminds us that every moment of our lives is important . Through the film , some of the differences between the three versions are very obvious , and some are quite subtle . I enjoy such subtlety , as it allows me to watch the film more than once and see new things each time.Beyond the philosophy and creativity of the storyline , this film is also very well shot . Bright colors and eye candy fill the 80 minute showing , complimented with heart-racing fast-paced editing and manic visual effects . By the end of the film , one might be just as exhausted as Lola.I have not seen a lot of German cinema , myself , but after seeing this film , I think its time I explored their exports more .
 Run Lola Run is a wonderful movie . It keeps the viewer interested because there are three different endings to the movie . Just when you think it 's over , new obstacles are presented in the plot and the suspense keeps you on the edge of your seat . Franka Potente is excellent in the role of Lola . Her determination to help her boyfriend , Manny , is inspiring . I consider this film one of my favorites and I suggest that everyone , males and females , see Run Lola Run .
 This film from German director Twyker is a real treat . In it we follow Lola try to raise 100,000 marks for her boyfriend Manni to pay back some gangsters , the only catch being that she has to do this in only twenty minutes ! And so the audience is treated to three different ways in which Lola gets the money.This film has several things going for it - a pulse-pounding techno soundtrack -LRB- with Franka Potente who plays Lola on vocals -RRB- , stunning visuals and a fast story that you really get caught up in . All of this makes for a very flashy movie that will completely draw you in . However , what gives it that extra twist is the way in which the movie shows that the slightest thing can set the course of our future , demonstrated by snapshots of people that Lola meets in her travels through their lives . Plus there 's some extraordinary acting from the two main characters that makes you really care for their plight.What 's also different is the fact that the movie manages to be sad , funny and gripping . And film that can achieve that has to be recognised . There are also some highly interesting scenes in between each story in which the young couple discuss love , the future and other such topics . It 's little wonder that this was so highly acclaimed , and is likely to become a cult classic in years to come .
 In today 's world of big-budget , formula movies , it is refreshing to come across a movie that tries to be a little different . Run , Lola , Run starts with slow music and a quote from TS Eliot . Almost immediately , the beat kicks in and a techno soundtrack envelopes the viewer . And once the techno starts , so does the action . Lola receives a desperate phone call from her boyfriend , Manni , who is working on a shadowy business deal . All he has left to do is pay 100,000 marks to an associate , but he 's lost the money . In a panic , he tells Lola that he has twenty minutes to pay or he 's dead . Lola then panics and tells Manni to stay put . She does n't know how , but she 'll bring him the money . And thus , Lola begins running.From this point on , the movie becomes three slightly different stories , each telling how Lola gets the money for Manni and each with a different ending . All three stories have many common elements , used to emphasize how a few moments difference can change an outcome . The first two stories are great and well executed ; but the third story is a little far-fetched and somewhat slower in pace . Still , the energy of all three is overwhelming.This movie has several great qualities
 What if you turned right instead of left ? What if you went out instead of stayed home?Must see movie for those who believe in fate and that the inconsequential things in everyday life really do make a difference .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is an example of the sort of experimental storytelling you just ca n't get out of most American studios these days . In a nutshell , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000 marks or her boyfriend will be killed by his mob boss . This film follows three potential outcomes for this situation , and it does it in a smart , entertaining fashion.The only problem I have comes with a lot of the promotional material and the hype -- before I saw this movie , everything I read about it said it was about how `` choices '' can affect the way your life unfolds . This is n't exactly what the movie is about.While Lola certainly does make different choices in each of the three scenarios presented , the crux , the starting point , NEVER changes -- Lola makes the same FIRST decision and the metaphorical snowballs are sent in three different directions originally because of accidents of timing and fate rather than any choice she makes.Still , this is a highly entertaining film and well worth picking up -- just do n't be fooled .
 Run Lola Run is alot like `` Sliding Doors '' only extremely better.It features three different scenarios all following the same girl Lola , who must get 100,000 marks for her boyfriend Manni in 20 minutes , or else he will be killed . As Lola runs through the streets of Berlin to an amazing techno soundtrack -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- she passes by people in brief moments , which show a short series of shots describing the rest of their lifes with no words . In the first two scenarios , in which the outcome is tragic , both Lola and Manni seemingly freeze time , then it starts all over again . The film explains how things could happen differently , depending on what a person does , this proven by how the outcome of each scenario is different , and how the people Lola ecounters ' lifes are different in each scenario . Some of the best parts are when Lola screams , shattering glass , and silencing everyone around her . The last scenario , which has the best outcome , is obviously the one people would choose to end the movie , however a question remains . Which scenario really did happen and which two are simply theory ? The film also gives a good example of the multiple worlds theory , which suggests that everytime a person makes a choice , a new world is created where everything is the same , except the choice the made and its consequences . This proposes that all the scenarios did happen , except in different places with different outcomes , judging Lola 's and those around her 's choices . The film has a very interesting beginning , with shadowy figures walking around in a crowd , while a mysterious voice asks philisophical questions along with appearences by the people Lola runs by in the movie At first it does not make sense , but after the movie is over , one gains a better understanding of how the beginning fits into the rest of the movie . The greatest German movie I 've ever seen , any fan of good films should see it , and if they like it as much as I did , buy it .
 There 's something about some of those European action movies . Instead of creating intensity by adding a lot of shooting , car chases and people dying like flies , they make it by original filming , use of colors , use of great fitting music , making frequent unexpected and twisting turns and coming up with things that just have n't been done before.Run Lola Run or `` Lola Rennt '' is one of the best movies like that . Based on a dream the director had about a girl with bright red hair running , it is about just that . Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- is running for the life of her boyfriend and for their life together , to save everything she holds important in life.By playing the story three times , with three different outcomes and with several different short side-track stories , the movie makes you realize how much our lives and faiths are controlled by those little details that happen every day.If you want an alternative to the standard Hollywood action movie where the good guy has to kill several bad guys and the bad guys kill even more insignificant good guys , this definately is a movie for you .
 This movie does n't need a long review . All you need to know is that the movie packs a punch of feminine power and 3 endings that will make anyone happy . It is my belief that the music defines the movie . As each scenario begins , it setd the tone for the whole thing by the music . After watching this a third time , it occured to me that there was either a major or minor key in the music , depending on the ending . All in all this movie is brilliant peice gives everyone a thrill with bright colors , a beautiful plot , and incredible music . And I LOVE the city it was filmed in . ; -RRB-
 This IS your bag : If you like action , fun , stunts , thrillIf you want to see something completely uniqueIf you are not afraid of timeblendsIf you like fabulous music from some of the hippest german people -LRB- that make look the far too streamlined usual scores look veeeery old -RRB- If you like cartoonsIf you like to rather sit and hold than to stop the vcr and go to toiletIf you like to experience sheer SPEEDSo , what are you waiting for ? Run to get it!One funny sidenote
 Without a doubt this is the best movie released in 1999 . I am tempted to compare this movie to Akira Kurosawa 's Rashomon . Both retell the same story several times with variations , but there the comparison ends . Kurosawa uses Rashomon to explore how truth is in the eye of the beholder , while Run Lola Run , with its breathless pace , uses a video game conceit to illustrate a metaphysical debate along the lines of if a butterfly flaps its wings in China , will it rain in New York . In this case , when something goes wrong , the character has the chance to hit the `` reset '' button & get a another chance to make it right , bumping into people or narrowly missing them in her quest & causing different fates for them every time as well . Something that should be able to satisfy both art-house buffs & action fans . The extras on the DVD are fun . I have watched it subtitled mostly , but also dubbed , and , one night where I felt a little silly , both dubbed & subtitled . Good commentary & music video , too .
 Hello readers , Just last week I saw this movie in my English class ! I believe it 's the best movie I 've ever seen . Even though it 's a subtitle movie it 's easy to follow . It 's filled with adventure and suspense . I 'm sure everyone has had that feeling of `` deja-vu '' or if you asked yourself `` If I only did it this way , what would happen now ? '' well , that 's basically what the movie is about ! It 's unpredictable and it 's worth watching !
 This is the best action movie I 've ever seen . I 've never been a big fan of techno music before , but it is used so effectively in this movie that I found myself drawn to the soundtrack afterward . If you can appreciate cinematography like a fast-paced music video , you will absolutely love this film - guaranteed .
 If you have seen Black Mask and Run Lola Run , then you will know where they got the ideas for The Matrix ; and both movies were made before The Matrix . I rented the DVD and I 'm going to buy both the CD Soundtrack and the movie !
 I saw this movie this summer , and I was absolutely blown away . Not only is the acting fantastic -LRB- especially by Franka Potente -RRB- but the subject matter was enthralling . Think `` Sliding Doors '' with an overdose of adrenaline . The concept of the movie -LRB- how would life be different if I had n't run into that person ? -RRB- encouraged hours of discussion among my friends . Besides the intellectual part , this movie is highly entertaining and there is n't enough dialogue for the subtitles to detract from the action . A must-see !
 This film is one of the best films I have seen , in many ways , you ca n't describe it , but it is fast-paced and you will not be bored . The German language in the movie actually adds to the movie , it would not be so good if it was in English . This movie is so innovative . 5 stars from me .
 In this film , the director , Tom Tykwer challenges to Hollywood movies , which is to break the female role . In `` Run Lola Run '' , Lola is a hero . Making a heroin into a hero is the new way . Also , how Lola dresses is challenging to the cinematic male gaze . The typical Hollywood heroin is skinny , having a long hair , wearing high heels and smiling . However , Lora does n't have any of these elements . Tywker 's challenge leaves us a question . Is Lora a hero all the way in the film ? Although Lola is trying to be a hero to save Manni , Tykwer makes the last scene close to what traditional endings in Hollywood movies . The close up shot of Lola and Minni holding hands is ironic because it seems like it is a happy ending . This ending asks audiences that `` Is Lola really happy ? '' . Lola wants to save Manni but he solves the problem himself . Even though Lola breaks the gender role , her lover Manni is in control of a situation.However , by making the ironic ending , the third part is stood out from first two parts . The third part is more realistic than other two parts because Lora 's situation is similar to what female positions in Hollywood and everyday lives . Therefore , I think Tykwer is asking that how we think about Lora 's situation which is familiar to us .
 Run Lola Run , directed by Tom Tykwer , confronts stereotypes produced by Hollywood , with its unique graphic and audial representation as well as plot technique . Lola , our heroine , has 20 minutes to reach boyfriend Mani with a replacment for the money which he has been placed in charge of and lost . Lola is far from our average American female lead . Her hair is bright red , she 's loud , and is imbued with superhuman powers . Not only is she able to sprint all-out for thirty minutes , she also is able to make it accross Berlin in this amount of time , and appears briefly as a cartoon character . Despite all this , in all of the scenarios , Lola never succeeds . Tykwer employs the use of three different senarios that play upon the butterfly effect and illustrate situations that Lola may or may not have experienced on her journey to Mani . The film is very contrary to stereotypes perpetuated by American cinema . Lola is everything but a heroine ; she does not possess extraordinary beauty , has no control over her situation , and is unable to succeed in any area of her life it seems . She is unemployed -LRB- depicted by her low quality clothing -RRB- and so is her boyfriend Mani , apparently.Tykwer 's use of unusual graphic depiction -LRB- cartoons -RRB- , techno ambience -LRB- created by the musical track , which does not allow the viewer to rest -RRB- , and portrayal of Lola as the anti-heroine all create such an unrealistic combination as to contrast and expose the lack of reality in traditional female heroines and movies.The original tital Lola Rennt -LRB- Lola Runs -RRB- , was translated into Run Lola Run . Lola , who was originally running of her own volition , is now being told to run , presumably by Mani , a source of patriarchy in Lola 's life . Lola runs to her father in the scenarios , requesting money from him . She represents the low class female , seeking help from the privileged , wealthy patriarchy . In one scenario , Lola dies , leaving Mani to gaze upon her devastated , unattractive body . Mani comments upon her appearance , leaving Lola once again in the role of the surveyed . In the final scenario , Lola comes to the rescue only to find that Mani has solved his problem , and that her help was unneccesary . Where before Lola has taken charge and responsibility , she is now powerless and useless , again in contrast to the heroine stereotype . The film closes with this thought and is emphasized by the shot of Mani and Lola interlocking hands . Lola is no longer seperate , equal , or powerful , and Mani does not need her .
 filled with fast paced camera work blended together with the racing of Franka Potente 's movement . exciting and bloody great . a must see for anyone . one of the best movies of 1999
 This is an edge of your sit thriller . I almost dropped my pop corn . A okay with me .
 One story with three different endings almost as bizarre as the next with a pulse racing soundtrack . Franka Potente gives a riveting performance and her screams can shatter glass . One of Europe 's more brillian entrees from director Tom Twyker . Strangely , the soundtrack and the movie as just inseparable . Without the music , it would be just a good movie . With it , it is defying imagination . A must see . After you see her in the Bourne Identity , you 'll want to see why Matt Damon refused the role unless Franka Potente got the part . You might have been a little disappointed in the Bourne Identity 's near lack of believeable story , but you wo n't be in Run Lola Run . ... And , she did it way better than Forest . :-RRB- - Felecia Constance Rowe , Chairwoman , Felecia Constance Rowe , Inc. .
 this movie is simply the best i have ever seen . i am very into film , but this is simply great because of its wonderful story line , a great art direction , and wonderful camera work ... all out A + + + + movie ... everyone should have it !
 There are some movies which you need to see more than once to really know how much you liked it . Sometimes there is so much going on that seeing it for the second time ties it together for you . Some of the movies that come to mind are Magnolia , the usual suspects , etc. . Run Lola Run is also one of those movies . I cant believe any one would give it a bad review or say it was boring . Its a great fast paced movie and the plot is not that far fetched to understand . The repetitive scenes are forgivable and needed at the risk of loosing the reality of the movie and with such a good soundtrack , its not painstaking to sit through a few seconds of repetition . Every person I have turned on to this movie loved it ! I suggest you see it twice at least .
 I have watched many foreign movies , & this would have to be one of the very best I have ever seen . The music is fast and suits the movie perfectly . The whole movie is shot from wierd angles , like in a music video . Overall , its well written , funny , spine-tingling , fast-paced , and highly unpredictable . I especially likes the `` And then ... '' parts in the movie , which show you what happens to some of the people that Lola encounters.The one and only thing I can say that I did n't like about this movie was that it was way too short .
 I saw the VHS version , which led me to Amazon to check for the existence of a DVD version . This is a must own . I ca n't wait for my copy to arrive . Fast-paced , amazing soundtrack , beautiful , touching premise , this movie had it all ...
 This film was simply amazing . The suspense is both surreal and totally real . The techno soundtrack is a seemless part of the story . Lola is both sexy and liberating . A truely stunning german film .
 This is an amazing film . Very German . I also highly recommend the soundtrack -LRB- which is even better if you drive a German car -RRB- . This is a great film to watch over and over again . It 's also really good to show to a friend whose never seen it before ... The quality of the sound is very good ; and the commentary track is enjoyable .
 What can you say about this creative and exciting movie?I was enthralled from the start . I have to put it in my top tenlist perhaps of all time?Everything about it was awesome and unpredictable -LRB- I hate Hollywoood predictable trash that is pumped out for the mindless masses whe drone in line like helpless sheep -RRB- . I ordered the cool soudtrack also .
 Besides having great camera angles , and an original techno music it explains life and the concept of pre - destination , that we ca n't control opur lives . The time period is re runned three times , and in each time something trivial happens to Lola , in this case falling down , getting scared and jumping , and that trivial event changes her life , and the life of strangers -LRB- which very cleverly the director portrays as she runs -RRB- Well it is a movie definately worth seeing , hearing and thinking about .
 I just had the pleasure of renting and watching this movie on DVD . What makes this film great is basically the hip , stylistic camera work . It had the style of a short film but was carried wonderfully into a simple yet engrossing feature length film . Throughout the film the director plays little head games with the viewer by starting the story over but it never gets confusing or boring . Some may say that this is a film directed to the dumbed down `` MTV Generation '' but what i saw was just a hip , entertaining movie . The english dub on the DVD is my only minor complaint . The english language track seemed to be a little less offensive making the film lose a little of its intended edge . This is a very well done german film with a great soundtrack that should n't be missed .
 This is the greatest film out of Germany - BOTTOM LINE ! This film is already making it 's way to the top of my favorite films ever list . Franka Potente gives a heart stopping performance as Lola and does n't stop till the bitter end . Kudos to Tom Twyker , he has done it again . If you havent seen this movie-SEE IT NOW ! i promise you , you have never seen a better piece of German Cinema ever ! Best movie of the year !
 Great ! A cool ` Goundhog Day ' meets ` Sprockets ' . But not to be misleading , this is not a comedy ; this is a serious German art film . Excellent techo soundtrack . . a little repetitive , but that keeps it in theme with the movie .
 `` Most German film critics did not valorize as a fresh idea the concept that the decisions we make in life , no matter how minute , have snowball effects on the rest of our lives -LRB- and on the lives of those crossing our path -RRB- . '' -LRB- Unknown -RRB- Though I wish I had said this line it is not mine , but what a way to express the underlying theme of this film . On top of that , it is wildly entertaining showing the hot fashion and music of this Berlin crowd . So while we may not have the opportunity to replay situations in our own lives , it should be remembered that every action we take can drastically effect the next and the next and the next ...
 This movie was just way too much fun!This film owes a deliciously quirky debt to Chaos Theory and Quantum Mechanics . Chaos Theory includes the Butterfly Effect which describes causal equations whose outcome are susceptible to very fine changes of input . -LRB- e.g. the air currents stirred by a butterfly flapping its wings in Brazil starts a chain of atmospheric changes that effect whether or not it rains in New York . -RRB- In quantum mechanics , the Many Worlds Theory explains temporal paradoxes by proposing that for every possible variation of every event , a parallel universe is spawned which continues a particular chain of events.Our butterfly Lola flaps her wings over here and people meet , get married , age , and die over there . She flaps her wings a little differently and cars crash , people fight , Manni lives.The story is propelled by a brilliant pulse-quickening techno-dance soundtrack produced in part by the director . The movie , as a whole , works , hurling the audience towards the mutable , uncertain conclusion.Unfortunately , all is not perfect . The dubbed English dialog , at best , features uninspired performances and , at worst , completely discolors the movie . Fortunately , the art shines through this detracting artifact and the film still rates a `` five . ''
 Jean-Paul Sartre preferred the movie above all other art forms because of this medium 's ability to express temporal movement . Run Lola Run is clearly a postmodern expression of this temporality ; the positivist notion of a universally-accessible , knowable universe is up for grabs ; as well as the secular question of fate to boot ! All under 2 hours ! With minimal dialogue , this is a philosophically astute piece of work.I was unprepared for this movie
 This movie could have ended after 30min . Instead it repeats the first 30 min 2 more times , but with different outcomes . It shows how the little things in life may affect the bigger picture and course of one 's life . A bit philosophical of a movie , but it is fast paced . Lola does run a lot !
 Good movie . Well-paced . Great music . But try watching it as a cross between Groundhog 's Day and X-Men . Seriously . Consider Lola as a super hero - time manipulation , sonic powers -LRB- a la Banshee -RRB- , healing powers.Lola is a super hero .
 Lola receives a frantic phone call form her boyfriend . He will be killed by his gangster bosses in twenty minutes if he does n't come up with one hundred thousand deutsche marks , the amount he lost in a botched money transfer . So Lola runs , literally , into the streets of Germany , hoping to find means to the money in twenty minute 's time.Lola is sweet , worldly and young and so is her boyfriend . They need be , to gain our sympathy against the common but evil financier status quo of Europe . Their attempt to beat the clock against an impossible task , is the one and only subject matter of the film . The story , or idea , is told in a fast paced , rock video style narrative , part light humor , part sharp suspense , with lightning strike synonymous time frames of the same characters and situations , projecting Lola 's stressed mental state of adrenaline rushed physical endurance and high powered decision making.By the time Lola starts out on her third attempt to save the day , -LRB- it 's the charmer -RRB- , you might begin to wonder how the film will pull itself out of it 's self-imposed infinity , as it flails deep into a hole of pretense tempting filmmaking and already dated Euro-trash musical score . But it does , as happily as an adult , lust rewarding fairy tale . While we view a detailed visual feast of a gothic German metropolis as backdrop , it is the sight of the shapely , but not particularly athletic Lola running that captures our attention . Indeed , there is a lady or a tiger at the end of this road , or in this case , a pot o ' eurodollars or certain death . Like a modern day ` Diana and the Golden Apples ' , our heroine radiates stamina and endurance and beauty as she runs down yet another crooked path . So run , Lola , run . You 'll shed those few extra pounds yet .
 Great movie ! I finaly watched it . Premise
 It was more the style of the film which intrigued me , than the typical things one looks for in a film.The relentless pounding tempo , reinforced with the running and music score . Nothing really complicated , just plenty of time to let the mind drift and contemplate how seemingly insignificant moments in time can alter one 's whole life.The film , `` Sliding Doors '' , also broached this subject , and I liked that film even better than this , ranking it 5 stars , but `` Run Lola Run '' was darn good , too .
 Run Lola Run was a great illustration of how life is about decision making . The director Tom Tykwer did a great job at writing and directing this film.The movie is about Lola , Franka Potente , trying to save boyfriend Manni , Moritz Bleibtreu , by finding one hundred thousand marks with in a twenty minute time span . The marks are for his boss , which will not forgive Manni , for not having money on time.The movie starts out with one scenario , which she starts out by hanging up her phone thinking where to start to get the money . After she leaves she passes the roommate , the dog , nuns , an old lady , and the biker . Getting to her destination everything fails and the story fades away with her and Manni talking . Then the story starts all over again.The movie plays out three different outcomes in Lola 's life . The title Run Lola Run is the perfect name for this incredible movie . Lola is running through her life the entire time to save her boyfriend.There are not too many movies like this movie . This movie is very unique in its own ways .
 Think in this simple proposal
 Lola receives a frantic phone call from her boyfriend Manni who lost a small fortune . Now it 's up to Lola to retrieve the money somehow.A fast-paced , edge-of-your-seat adventure ; `` Run Lola Run '' is like Viagra for the eyeballs . There are two alternative endings built right into the movie to show different outlooks , and if there were no extra endings the movie would be like 30 minutes long .
 Watching an European film shows an abismal difference when compared with Hollywoodesque movies . This one is fast paced , exciting and surprising . You must see it .
 If you can understand the German dialogue then buy this cool German Dvd it also has english . . I had no problems playing it on my Dvd player ! I would Recommend this cool hard to explain type of flick but it is really a shock in your face movie
 I liked it . I wo n't be overly snobish like many of the reviewers , so I will just say this
 I usually do n't like foreign films but this one is great ! This is a fast paced , high energy film . Interesting plot and 3 surprise endings . -LRB- Side note : It 's nice to see Germany from a everyday person 's perspective and not a travel brochure . -RRB-
 You must see this film with a loud sound system.Run Lola Run is high impact on every level . The plot is easy enough
 i had to buy it once i saw RUN LOLA RUN was available on blu-ray ; it is a great movie at a great price .
 I wo n't get into the details why this movie should be considered a great movie . 500 + reviews out there with 4.5 average star rating is hard to beat . I just want to stop at one of the greatness of this movie , even if that means giving out some spoilers . If you 're like me , you may be interested in reading reviews of a movie even after watching it - just in case you missed something important . In that case , you wo n't mind the spoilers.What I really like about this movie is how the three stories rate on the scale of being believable in contrast to our own aspirations and hopes . They all look pretty unbelievable at one point or another . Yet nothing seems less probable than the one with the happy ending , considering it involves winning at the casino 100 % of the time , a 1 in a Million chance of some of the encounters . Yet we all prefer the happy ending over the other two stories . It 's in our nature - to hope and have faith for the best . And when the movie ends , we 're left with the happy ending feeling , even though that 's only one third of what 's portrayed here . Ironic - is n't it ?
 Since I first saw RUN LOLA RUN right aroung the same time as I did Michael Haneke 's 1997 FUNNY GAMES , the two remain linked in my mind . Odd in a way , since I love this movie -- and have watched it several times -- and had quite the opposite reaction to the Haneke film , to the point where I refused to consider seeing the American re-make from 2008 . But there was one significant aspect these two late-90s films shared
 We all know that Germans make great stuff . -LRB- and I quote the guy from Shamwow who beat up a hooker . yes , I went there ! -RRB- This film was nothing short of excellent . We watched it in my theater 7B class and I just HAD to own it on dvd . Next to films like The Cabinet of Dr.Caligari and Das Boot , this film is surely a great piece that should grace every collector and movie buff 's dvd rack . Franka Potente -LRB- Bourne Identity -RRB- is just amazing in this film , one of her best roles in my opinion . The storyline will have you hooked from the very beginning , and the ending just blew me away ! It was such a fun film to watch , you 'll get in on the excitement as well !
 This is one of the more inventive movies of the last 10 years , I would think . It was new , fresh and very different when it came out in the late '90s and still is unique and enjoyable as of this review in early 2009 . The Blu-Ray edition , by the way , is terrific and worth the money . It looks tremendous.The movie is short - 81 minutes - but plenty long when you consider it 's three versions of the same story , each version about 25 minutes after an opening introduction.That may sound too repetitive or boring for those who have n't seen this , but it is anything but overplayed thanks to the innovative camera-work and interesting angles on the same story . Watching it on DVD was better than the theater because the 5.1 sound is superior , plus you have the option of a good dubbed version or the original German with English subtitles . I use either , depending on my mood but I lean toward the German with subtitles.Franke Potente , who has since gone on to become better known around the world from the `` Bourne '' films , is the centerpiece of this film and very , very interesting . The looks of shock on her face , her flaming red hair and wild general appearance and the crazy things that happen to her are always fun to watch and hear.Added to the unique cinematography , which includes tricks here and there , is a pulsating electronic soundtrack that brings added life to this already kinetic , involving film.The high rating I give this film could really be summed up in two words
 Ah , the 1990 's , before cell phones were ubiquitous and people still used phone cards . A great action movie , not too much violence and not predictable . Keeps you thinking too . The only criticism I have of the Bluray version is that you can see some of the scratches on the film , it seems this was n't digitally remastered .
 This heart-pumping , frantic , postmodern German film models itself after a video game , where different choices lead down different paths , to different conclusions , all within the control of the player . And yet , this film is so much more than that.Franka Potente plays clown-haired Lola , a young woman in love with bumbling Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- and who finds herself racing against the clock to scrounge up the vast sum of 100,000 marks to save Manni 's life . As she runs through Berlin , she bumps into various people , whose fates are shown in flashes of slideshows , who may help or hinder her . The soundtrack is thumping , almost minimalist , with a voice droning over Lola 's high-stakes sprint , and it keeps the viewer as breathless as Lola herself.Because this film messes with the viewer 's mind , the plot can not be fully described without revealing spoilers . Suffice it to say that viewers will have their expectations changed at every step . The production standards are not Hollywood-slick , but director Twyker adeptly portrays both the desperate and the sweet in this story , with brilliant cinematography that takes this film to a high level . As the depth of Lola 's and Manni 's relationship is revealed , the character form the heart of this surprising , thought-provoking film.Watch this more than once . You 'll love it .
 Quite honestly , I was n't impressed at the first 20 minutes , but my lovely wife had warned me that it starts slow but turns into a movie worth watching , so I did n't hit the eject button.She was right.Wow.The beginning has very stylish music and visuals , along with a breakneck pace and a very difficult problem to solve , but what you do n't know is that you 're being set up for something you probably wo n't expect . I did n't . And I wo n't say any more because I do n't want to spoil the surprise.Note my rating . I 'm quite impressed .
 this movie is like art . well-planned scenes and very sofisticated camera shots makes it a very beautiful movie . this is one of those must-have 's that should belong among those classic movies that never fade with time .
 Unlike most of the other reviewers here , I do not feel the need to regurgitate all the details of this film . Suffice it to say , `` Run Lola Run '' is number one on my list of recommendations ! I usually opt for the extremes
 One of my favorite films ! I love it 's energy and it 's just plain fun to watch . It has great replay value as I 've shown it to family and friends who 've all been impressed by it . You can literally sense the excitement the director must have had making this film ... and it makes me want to get up and run ! I like how it shows how one person , one star-crossed heartbeat can run into different lives , setting off an explosion of events and consequences . Also a tip , while viewing this DVD DO NOT watch the optional English Audio version unless you are up for a good laugh . The original German audio with English subtitles is so much better . The film evokes humor , excitment , and mabye a tear in a few scenes . A great all around film , fast-paced and exciting , do n't miss it .
 I thoroughly enjoy movies that handle their multidimensionality with casual grace . Run Lola Run is in every way wonderful without in any way seeming to try . The plot is engaging , fast paced , well written , and packed with enough detail to bring you back again and again . While a viewer might easily enjoy the film simoply on the basis of the staccato story line , it might also be savored for its thorough and precise treatment of Nietzche 's concept of eternal return . Triggering thoughts in me similar to those experienced while reading Milan Kundera 's `` Unbearable Lightness of Being '' I was pleasingly surprised by the true exactitude of the plot . Not a word , a shot , an image , or a second is wasted .
 Ever wonder `` What If '' ? What if you had done things just a little differently , or what if you had done it a second earlier ? What would the outcome be ? How would it change ? Find out just how much change there can be in Run Lola Run , where our heroine relives the same high-paced , action packed 20 minutes three times , each with a different outcome . Awesome heavy German dance music - great soundtrack . Available in both English dubbed , and original German format with subtitles . I love this movie !
 I am ashamed to admit that this is the first forgien film I have ever seen . As a Store Manager in a BLockbuster video , as well as a movie buff , I know thats hard to believe , but it 's true . A co-worker suggested I watch Run Lola Run , claiming it was the best film he 'd ever seen . I did n't want to see it because I figured I would be too busy reading the subtitles to even notice the action . I was so wrong . This movie was fast paced and fun . I did n't even notice the subtitles after a while . It put Sliding Doors to shame . The lead , Lola -LRB- who was brilliantly cast -RRB- has 20 minutes to get her boyfriend money he owes some notorious thug . The movie takes us through the twists and turns of everyday life . It was a little artsy , but not to the point that it will turn you off . You will find yourself rooting for Lola , and feeling just about as breathless as she does . It is an incredable movie and it will not let you down .
 After watching Lola Rennt for the fifth time , its safe to say that this is an excellently written ; an excellently directed ; and an excellently acted movie . All of these aspects of the movie come together , fit perfectly , work perfectly together to make a excellent movie . This fast paced German masterpeice should be the one movie in ' 99/00 you should not miss out . The movie was recently released on Video , so if you were not fortunate enough to see it in theatres , be sure to go down to your local video store to pick it up.The movie is based around Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- who must save her boyfriend from certain death , and do it in twenty minutes while picking up 20 000 marks on the way there . As I do n't want to go too deeply into the plot , I will stop there , if you want to learn more please read the spoiler section of the reviews.Not too go to deeply into it again , the movie is of Lola running througout a German city to get from place to place to collect money in time . THe camera work on the running scene 's is fast paced . Different and interesting camera angles and perspectives make this movie a sight to see.The story itself , simple enough , is helped out by the use of symbolism thoughout the movie . While watching try to pick up on some of these symbols in it . Even after watching it five times there are still things that can be missed . I 've talked to many fans of the movie that have pointed out some of these aspects of them film . It really is something you must see for yourself .
 I saw this movie when it first came out in L.A. I remember driving to work everyday and seeing a line of people wrapped around the one screen theater waiting to see Run Lola Run . Being a curious person I went to see the movie and was blown away . The movie is a truly spellbinding flick , well worth seeing and owning . If you have n't seen this movie and are tired of the same old hollywood blockbuster , bubble-gum-factory produced movies , check this one out . It 's fast paced , fun and well worth every cent !
 How many of us would n't want to have the chance to re-live a part of our life , to make it better , to alter its course to a differant outcome ? `` Run Lola Run '' is a film that uniquely explores this universal and very human fantasy . This is a unique action-adventure as well as a good love story .
 Excellent movie . Very surreal . You really do n't know what is going on in exactly until about half way through the movie , and for once that 's a good thing !
 Best action movie i 've ever seen ! It just does n't stop and drags you in with its music and story . Both are original and thrilling . See it immediately because time is running out -LRB- you 'll know why after you see it -RRB- !
 This is an awsome german flick with an even better soundtrack . a real independent film favourite , the best way to describe it is this
 An entertaining , high-energy film in which characters crash off each other like balls in a pinball game , spinning each other 's lives into new trajectories . This film tackles some serious issues but refuses to take itself seriously , thereby remaining light and entertaining at all times . To what extent are our lives ruled by chance , and to what extent are our fates determined by personality ? Watching the different versions of Lola 's run through town , we can see that the lives of various secondary characters take dramatically different turns depending on such apparently innocuous details as whether Lola runs by at a certain point in time or five seconds later . Yet the fate of Lola and her boyfriend , Manni , always seem to be the same . This is a rewarding film whether you or in the mood to ponder such issues or just to be entertained .
 A nice break from the average boring flick . Simple , and easy to watch , even for non-native English speakers . I originally saw it subtitled in Japanese , which mine is far from perfect , but still thoroughly enjoyed this film . A nice look at the random nature of life , and how one event can change many others . Soundtrack is top notch as well .
 Every year I see countless flicks that pass for entertainment . I see too many people going to see crap and liking it , but every year I also find something out there that brings back my faith in talented filmmakers making good movies . Run LOLA RUN is a really incredible film . While not preying on petty emotions and cheap plot devices to involve the audience director Tykwer relies on something more important , he gives his film a vitality I rarely see in American film . This move has a pulse . We feel it in every seen and then there 's that red hair . I love this movie and I try to get everyone I know to see it . Do n't miss it .
 I originally was forced to see this movie in my High School German class ... Since the first time I saw it i was hooked . I even rented it and made my boyfriend watch it . Just because it 's in German does n't mean you have to know german to see it ! I , personally , would recomend the subtitle version . That way you can really tell what they feel through their voices . I have heard it compared to Groundhog 's Day and i consider that a crime . Groundhog 's Day was a meaningless , horribly boring movie that had no feeling . Run , Lola , Run is actually interesting . Lola must help her boyfriend , Manni , somehow get 100,000 marks in 20 minutes before he has to meet his boss . If he does n't show up with the money he will get killed . After the first try the movie suddenly goes back to the beginning and Lola deals with a totally different outcome . After the second try , again the movie goes back to the beginning and the movie finally ends with a happy medium , after 2 shots at one extreme or the other . The techno background music helps with the excitement of the plot . This is a movie I definately recommend , even if you just rent it the first time ... I promise you , you will regret it if you pass it over !
 Run Lola Run was recommeded to me when someone found out I was a German teacher . I rented it right away and was taken on a thrill ride ! This movie is fast-paced , including a great soundtrack . Lola 's character overcomes a lot in just twenty minutes and you get a sense of her life as you live out three different scenarios with her . As a German teacher I would love to show this movie to my students simply to point out countless aspects of German culture . The only downside for non-German speaking viewers is having to keep up with some quick subtitles from time to time when things get really fast paced ! All in all , an excellent movie !
 The first time I saw this movie I had the same feeling as after I saw the Matrix . I was confused and did n't know what I thought of it , for sure . The next couple of times I watched it , it became better and better - more and more interesting ! This movie is brilliant and awe-inspiring . Even if you hate reading subtitles , you will probably enjoy this movie anyway . I 'm glad I own this DVD .
 Wild , exciting , spectacular indie foreign film ! Glorious cinematography , heart pouding musical score , and great performances make RUN LOLA RUN , the one to run out an buy ! No , I do n't think this film would 've worked if it was english , but it was n't , so who cares ? Smartly made , Run Lola Run collaborates many different ways of filmmaking and creates an acid trip goulash with a heart of gold . Odd , intelligent , funky fun !
 I first wanted to see this movie from reviews in the newspaper . Once I saw it , I experienced true movie bliss . It 's a fast paced high adrenaline joy ride . Franka Potente shines as the gorgeous Lola , who has 20 minutes to save her boyfriend . The movie plays in actual time and unfolds beautifully . This movie is in German , but you quickly adjust to the subtitles . I could pontificate forever on the genius of this movie , but that would n't benefit anyone , so I wo n't .
 This is a movie about two lovers who only have 15 minutes to change the course of their lives forever . Lola recieves a frantic phone call from her boyfriend , Manni , telling her that he 's lost a small fortune belonging to his mobster boss . If Lola does n't help him replace it in the next 15 minutes , he 's dead . The movie takes you through half a dozen different scenarios - what if Lola robs a bank ? What will happen ? What if Lola borrows the money from her father ? What will happen ? - It 's a great movie that enforces the law of nature that every action has a reaction and every step in life that we take affects the next . I really enjoyed this film . If you do n't like watching subtitled films , the dvd comes with English audio - so you can actually watch the film instead of trying to watch and read at the same time . Go watch it .
 I ca n't believe that there are some bad reviews for this film . After watching it , I ca n't seem to imagine enjoying another movie as much as I enjoyed watching Run Lola Run . It was thrilling , visually appealing , wonderfully crafted , and pitch perfect techno score . I mean there 's nothing I could really ask for.The plot of the movie was repeated thrice because the director is telling us how much a second of each of our time counts . This is basically it . If you 're so philosophically gifted and old , then probably this movie is not for you . This movie is so much ahead of its time and definitely a one of a kind . Definitely a must see .
 I have not seen too many forign films . I had to watch this for my video class . I was amazed of how intense this film is . The camera angles are great and the music just makes it more exciting . Even though it stinks to read the subtitles , by the first scene you are -LSB- drawn -RSB- in and forget that it is in another language . A GREAT FILM
 This film took me by surprise years ago and has remained on my `` Most Favorite '' list . The music is great as it keeps time with the action . Whether you have a great sound system or not , Lola is outstanding both visually -LRB- with director Twyker 's interesting use of colors -RRB- AND audibly -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . Usually I do n't care for foreign films , but I 'll watch this one over and over again !
 A heart racing , pulse surging and foot stomping ride of a movie that is adventurous in its filming and reverberating in its effects.A pleasure to watch .
 This is my absolute favorite movie . I first saw this on the Bravo channel and was intrigued by the concept . I rented it and fell in love with this movie . The actors Franka Potente and Moritz Blietzbleu -LRB- I can not spell today -RRB- were so human in their emotions and motivation . This movie was extremely refreshing in comparison to all but a few American movies today . I loved all of the characters in this movie and the idea and reality of someone 's fate being affected by time and the smallest actions of others is genius of the director . This film is a landmark in all modern cinema.Also Reccomended
 Take one plot multiply three possible outcomes , and you have the wonderful innovative `` Run Lola Run . '' Each version of the plot will have you on the edge of your seat as Lola runs through the city to save her criminal boyfriend .
 This is a great german movie . The main character , Lola , has to get 100,000 . oo marks in 20 minutes for her boyfriend , Manni . She will do it one way and there will be a different endding . Three times she does it . Each time it starts over and she makes different choices . All the time she is running . It shows just one little choice you make will change the out come .
 This is one of the most exciting films I have seen in a long , long time . It 's a story that could only be told in this medium , and it uses the medium in the telling.Got that ? I know it 's become cliche to say that a film has broken new ground , but this one really has . It 's so fun to watch you 'll find yourself on the edge of your seat , palms sweaty , pulse racing.An amazing film . I loved it .
 This film is dificult to describe and do it justice . I found myself surprised to find it a refreshing story of love and comitment . Among the see of poor , sappy , shortsighted love stories this is an original , well paced impecibly directed , acted , etc. film that demonstrates the main characters devotion to the man she loves . However this devotion is not forced down the viewer 's throat and most of the movie you believe you are watching a suspense drama when really you are watching diferent fates of a woman in love . A must have for anyone who loves good cinema , foreign films , love stories , suspense , or just a plain good flick .
 I ca n't wait to get the DVD so I can see this film again . I managed to catch it at the cinema in Seattle a couple of months back and I was blown away by its originality and general awesomeness . I 'd say it 's the best German film I 've ever seen , but it does n't have much competition since it 's pretty much the * only * German film I 've ever seen . The story revolves around Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- , a spiky-haired teenage tearaway , who needs to scrape together 100,000 DM in twenty minutes in order to save her waster boyfriend 's life . The structure the director uses to present Lola 's hectic adventures is really original - we see her attempting the same task three different times , each time with a few events differing and resulting in hugely varying eventual outcomes . I wo n't spoil it by giving the plot -LRB- s -RRB- away , but the end result is an excellent film . The soundtrack is very cool too - lots of suitably high-speed techno , in the style of Underworld .
 This movie is one of the more stylish movies I have ever seen . and unlike other movies that try to be stylish , this one has an orignal concept and is very very interesting and well written . It 's easy to follow and just a great fast paced movie . It 's a must see !
 This movie is the fasted paced movie I 've ever seen ! Tom Tykwer does n't miss a beat . He did an amazing job of creating an unrelenting drive that does n't let up until the final shot . The movie is full of stunning pans and great color contrasts . It is a movie that I would recommend to anyone .
 I originally saw Lola 3 times in the theater in the summer of ninety nine . I have watched it 11 more times on the VHS -LRB- I have the DVD but no player yet -RRB- . This is my favorite all-time movie . It is enjoyable on many levels . The Soundtrack kicks . Rent , buy , and enjoy . I also enjoy the many Lola Rennt message boards on the net .
 This film is a refreshing and euphoric look at 20 minutes in Lola and Mannis ' life . If you do not try to overanalyze this film , you will enjoy it . The key here is to sit back , relax , and absorb yourself in this fantastic piece of work .
 Okay , you have just recieved a phonecall from your lover and discovered that he has lost a lot of a mobster 's money and he only has twenty minutes to get the money back ... what do you do ? That is the problem our red headed heroine faces in RUN LOLA RUN . This is one of the best films I have seen . It is fast paced -LRB- in fact there are only a few moments where the film slows down and allows you to catch your breath -RRB- , and with each run that we see , the world is affected differently . It is truely a work of art when you see how director Tykwer makes Lola 's run affect people differently . In one scene , Lola is nearly hit by a car but manages to roll on top of the hood and avoids being hurt -LRB- however the car then runs into another car . -RRB- But the next time , Lola does n't make it over the car and stops the driver , who then misses running into the same car . RUN LOLA RUN the DVD is loaded with features that can greatly affect a person 's outlook on the film . The commontary is superb and explanes one what the signifigance of one of the quotes that opens the film . There is also a music video from the song that is the basis for the film , Believe . I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves film .
 Do n't like the german language , but it do n't mather couse it is ezze to understand . Love the id&eacute;a of the movie . I ` ts good that the director has done the music to.If you have DTS this is a must.Every body that hates the perfect symphonies of Hollywood this is a must .
 I went out and bought this movie without seeing hoping I would like it and i was blown away ! Great Movie ! Good acting , Great story , and wonderful direction . This is a must buy movie ! Surely one you can watch overand over .
 Three movies in one . They contain what I like about good european movies . The originality and freshness , that you maybe find in some independent features in North America . When I went to see this movie , I thought it could be about a runaway Lola , or Lola being chased for her life . But I found a more interesting and original argument . When you think that everything is done , then surprise strike again . This is like going to the gym , now that you run with her , your heart ends beating like hers , because of the action and plot of this excellent movie .
 this is not the perfect film , however it is engagingly inventive and intelligent . the reality bending techniques -LRB- animated scenes , split second montages , and three separated sequences -RRB- expand the dimensions of cinema . no film in recent history has been able to break the norms of standard film so gracefully . if anything , it 's worth renting , however it 's not for everyone . it has a distinct taste that wo n't appeal to everyone . which is part of it 's magic , it does n't pander to what audiences want , it gives the audience what it needs
 This was the first foreign-language film I 've gone to see in the theatre , and it certainly did n't shy me away from seeing more . Tom Tykwer 's unique writing and direction made this bizarre , pulse-pounding movie thoroughly enjoyable.Yes , the plot is pretty simplistic . But the trick is taking a step back from the plot to see what the movie is really about
 The DVD of RLR has the best secondary commentary track I have heard . It is refreshing to hear an intelligent director and actor discuss the movie as it unfolds instead of a monologue from some hack who says `` This was real cool . Actor X is awesome to work with . '' The movie itself is fast paced and stylistically stunning , and it holds up to multiple viewings .
 Two things make this a very good movie - well made and extremely well acted by Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- . The music is fantastic , if you like electronica and techno you 'll love it , and the action is fast . Franka makes the movie work however , she completely sells you on the urgency of her situation , she is great to watch . A bonus part of the DVD is a music video with her in it - minus the red hair - it is worth watching . The DVD also offers up different subtitle choices , stick with the German language version and rely on the English subtitles , it 's much better that way . One last cool feature is commentary provided by the director , Tom Tykwer , and Franka but it gets a little annoying after awhile - you really have to be a detailed fan to really enjoy it -LRB- a interview with them would have been cooler -RRB- . If you have n't seen it already - rent it first , you 'll probably end up buying it if you like something a little different . Enjoy !
 `` Run Lola Run '' is unlike any other recent movie that 's been made in several years -LRB- that 's a good thing by the way -RCB- . However the movie is not different just for the sake of being different . This movie is a completely original and well structured piece of work.The story centers on a small time criminal name Manni who must have 100,000 marks -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- in 20 minutes or he will die . He contacts his loving girlfriend Lola and as soon as she leaves the door to the apartment the movie rarely slows down . The movie then shows us three alternate and equally entertaining results to the situation.One of the more interesting innovation was the fact that the movie shows us how the lives of seemingly insignificant characters are affected by their run-ins with Lola . By the third time , since these characters are significant , you just do n't care . Techno music never sounded more appropriate -LRB- I 'm not sure that 's a good thing -RRB- as it is a good companion to the fast and sometimes exhausting pace of the movie.The movie had style to spare and enough substance so that 's why I liked it very much .
 If you have n't seen this movie , I highly recommend it . It 's fast paced with a great techno soundtrack . It will keep you on the edge of your seat with its captivating story line and built-in love story .
 I bought the film as i enjoy foreign films -LRB- hollywoods handling of films is quite typical so foreign films add the something extra -RRB- - we saw this film as a family -LRB- with 2 teens -RRB- - i loved it but the kids groaned at times when they had to see the same scene repeated 3 times with difference . It was memorable and loved the direction and raciness
 It was good . It is good . and the next I watch it , it will still be good . It 's a what if i can go back a hour or two and change events before time run out .
 Loved this movie when I first saw it and decided it should become part of my permanent video library . Highly recommended for those who love non-stop action . This movie gallops from start to finish ; never pausing an instant .
 I had searched for this particular version of tgw movie fir years . The movie had a price tag of $ 19.95 . I received it for about $ 7 including shipping . It arrived four days earlier than I thought . Sealed in package . Plays perfect . I was a first time buyer for Amazon and skeptical . I could n't be happier !
 Francois Truffaut , the great Frech director once said , `` I demand that a film express either the joy of making cinema or the agony of making cinema . I am not interested in anything in between ; I am not interested in all those films that do not pulse . '' Tom Tykwer , the director of Run!Lola!Run ! , knows exactly what Truffault was getting at . His 88 minute landmark film from Germany does what most movies fail to do . That is , ASTONISH US ! I have not seen another film this year -LRB- or for several previous years -RRB- where the director 's love of filmaking is revealed in each shot . In brief , the film centers around a young woman trying to come up with 100 , 000 marks in twenty minutes to try to save her boyfriend who messed up a drug deal . The film gives three versions of the execution and outcome . But to mention `` the plot '' only does this movie injustice . Like with all movies , a film is not juged good or bad on what it is about . It is judged on how it is about what it is about . Tykwer does not use the three different scenario technique as a ploy . Each new version of the story makes us think about the past actions of its characters while , at the same time , revealing something new about them . What makes Run!Lola!Run ! special , of course , is its style . In a way , this is the perfect movie to end the century . It looks back to a tradition -LRB- i.e-pulp plot , `` love conquers all theme '' -RRB- while looking to the future -LRB- i.e-fast-forward freeze-frame , animation -RRB- . Furthermore , the director uses music the same way Scorsese , Tarantino , and Kenneth Anger do . Not to drown the images on the screen , but to heighten and enhance them . Run!Lola!Run ! is by a filmaker who is in love with filmaking . I can not wait for his next movie . Unfortunately , Hollywood directors will try to copy and follow Tom Tykwer . However , like Pauline Keal said -LRB- when referring to director Jean-Luc Godard -RRB- they ca n't walk behind him because he has already `` burned up the ground . ''
 Lola Rennt -LRB- as it is correctly titled in German -RRB- is one of the most entertaining films I 've ever run across . It 's got a pulse pumping soundtrack , three pulpy creative endings , and a leading lady with some serious hair . Not to be missed !
 The people here have already summed it up quite well , but I must chime in anyhow . I went to see this movie in the theater twice -LRB- the FIRST time I have EVER done so with ANY MOVIE -RRB- . Needles to say I loved it and am awaiting the dvd release.BUY THIS MOVIE YOU WILL LOVE TO WATCH IT AGAIN AND AGAIN.Don ' t let the German language version scare you the subtitles are easy to read and it makes you feel as if you are running through Berlin yourself !!!!!!!
 See Lola Run , Run Lola Run . And Run ... and run . You ca n't miss her , Flame-red hair and all . In a `` Sliding Doors '' type choose your own adventure scenario set in the time span of twenty minutes , Lola and her boyfriend Mannie are on a quest for money , and fast . Fast action , humor and wonderful camera techniques help make this foreign film hit a little closer to home .
 i saw this movie when it was in the theaters with my father who can count the amount of foreign films he 's seen on one hand . we were both amazed . the cinematography , the use of still photography , video , film , black and white , color . it is an amazing film that clocks in at under 90 minutes . it is funny and touching at the same time . i heard the director and the girl who played lola are now a couple !!! i ca n't wait to get the dvd .
 Like an extended music video , Run Lola Run is one of those visceral movies that can be watched passively for while but before long it gets under your skin making your heart pound your lungs heave and your mind race . Tom Tykwer 's direction and writing turned out a fantastic film that is pure action . This is a foreign film but its concept and style are close to home . Using the universal appeal of driving beats , as well as techno tunes and fast action photography this film is one that immediately grabs hold of teens and young adults and older people too ! Franka Potente is powerful in this film . She is aesthetically pleasing -LRB- as always -RRB- and really makes the film enjoyable to watch . The dialogue is quite simple and you need not know a lick of German except maybe die tasche -LRB- the bag -RRB- which is a line used often throughout.The film is centered on a young arty couple who are in need of money to pay off a loan after getting the . I am not going to give away a single plot detail because it may make the movie less enjoyable . However the movie is in fact three different scenarios of what happens in their pursuit of get back the money . Not all of these scenarios end happily . I have always imagined the movie as the imaginings of the couple as they plan and go through the contingencies of getting money.Stylistically this movie is shot a lot like a music video and is more emotionally stimulating than is an intellectual one.Its adrenalizing driving feel is refreshing especially considering it is a foreign film . So often foreign films are intellectual or just quaint . Not here . The only omission I would have made was the use of the animations that run in a few parts . They are n't bad and do not heavily detract but they are a little bit like something out of the ` 80 's . But overall , the heavy use of high energy volume fast action shots , aggressive dialogue against a relatively austere urban German backdrop that accentuates the action makes this such a fun film to watch.Beware when watching this movie you will probably want to do some cardio and this makes a great one to watch while on the treadmill if you have such a set up . This movie is pumped with energy and is a great point of entry into foreign film . It is one that is highly accessible very stimulating and good for a wide audience . I highly recommend you see this one
 Tom Tykwer has truly proven himself as the filmmaker to watch . The little known German director has produced a modern-day masterpiece ; a dazzling technical film about how life consists of the decisions we make.Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- receives a phone call from her boyfriend , Manni . -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreii -RRB- Manni accidentally leaves a bag carrying $ 100 000 on a train , which is picked up by a homeless man . This leaves Manni in quite a predicament . He is supposed to deliver the money to a gangster by noon , if he fails , then he is likely to be killed . Lola has twenty - minutes to save his boyfriend . Twenty short minutes to somehow find the money and get it to him.Run Lola Run is a film you expect to see at a Independent film festival , or in a Professor 's office at a film school . In no way do I mean that in a negative way , I mean not to intend that the film is of a lower standard with lower production values , rather that the film is a beautifully mastered technical film that uses every filmmaking technique in the book . It is refreshing to see a film like this in the midst of the commercialised , dry-cut , ` traditional ' filmmaking that we see on the silver screen so regularly.As stated before , the film attempts to use a wide range of filmmaking techniques to help get the director 's meaning and vision across to the audience . Some of these include speed-up , instant replay , black and white , and even animation in some parts.It may sound strange , but the film is twenty-minutes long . Well , not really , but it is in context . Tykwer focuses on the twenty-minutes that Lola has , and shows that twenty-minutes three times over , each time with small differences will affect the outcome of the characters . The danger with this kind of technique is that it can threaten to be repetitive . However , the new additions added by Tykwer are very clever and link in perfectly , which will have you gasping for more.Tykwer wrote and directed this film , and while doing this , he never lost sight of his meaning . His meaning that he is trying to express is that life consists of the decisions we make . While watching the film , this becomes increasingly evident . He also likes to emphasise that time is against Lola during the film . This can be seen when a young woman walks past and Lola asks her for the time , the next shot shows a much older woman answering her question , hence showing the importance of time.Franka Potente gave a good performance as Lola . Yet , it is hard to say that she was fantastic , because it is a role that requires a great deal of physical acting and we did n't get to know a lot about Lola , hence the film was n't overly-focusing on her issues , rather her boyfriend 's problem . The real standout performance from my point of view came from Moritz Bleibtreii . He actually took on a quite challenging role and pulls it off successfully . He achieves his objective of getting the audience to feel sympathy for the position that he is in.Run Lola Run is without a doubt , one of the best technical films ever made . A profound , exciting , new age masterpiece that has well and truly left its mark on the film industry .
 Run Lola Run is a fun , fast paced , and uniquely styled movie.The plot centers around Lola frantically trying to get money and deliver it to her boyfriend within 20 minutes.The movie repeats three such attempts , all with Lola starting at the same place , but with very different results each time -- not only for her , but for others in her wake.The plot sounds basic but is actually fast paced with lots of interesting and , after the first pass , familiar scenes with twists , how bystanders in the background are affected by her passing , etc.Imagine if today at breakfast you spilled some milk , which delayed you by 30 seconds in leaving your house , which placed you in an intersection in your car 30 seconds later , which caused you to narrowly avoid a collision ... Now reset the day , do n't spill the milk ... What happens now?Each of the three Run Lola Run sequences is off just a little , but then you see the differences to Lola -LRB- and passers in the street -RRB- created by these subtle changes ... Fascinating to watch and insightful into how much each of us can ultimately -LRB- and unknowingly -RRB- affect each others lives.The soundtrack to the movie is excellent and maintains the fast pace of the movie superbly.I liked the start of each of the three sequences when Lola starts running down the hall of her house . The camera view follows her and then spins off away from her path into the living room where her mother is sitting -- analogous to a wind vortex spinning off the edge of an airplanes wing and affecting passing bird -- sets the stage nicely for the scenes to follow.Run Lola Run is an excellent cause and effect movie . It does n't get hung up in time travel , sci-fi , or even why this is happening . It is just a fun ride , great visuals , music , and a little food for thought along the way.The movie is best watched in the original language -LRB- German -RRB- with subtitles turned on as necessary . The subtitles were clear and easy to read at all times.Definitely worth watching .
 The plot is simple
 Hi ! I am a 13 year old girl and I just recently saw run lola run . I loved it ! The way they show Lola running is really inspiring and because of that I love running now ! I also want to travel to Berlin now and maybe learn the german language . The names of the characters and the characters themselves are really cool and unique . Mannie is really cute and Lola 's hair is so cool ! They are both amazing actors . The movie is soo great ! I do n't know what else to tell you to make you see it ! I reccomend you watch it with subtitles so that you can hear emotion and the german language . . The beginning is really fascinating and the animation is unique . From the beginning you will be hooked and will not be able to look away till the end . This movie will stay with you always ! The film is just amazing ! See it , you will not be disappointed !
 Interesting time shift concept for a movie . I liked it enough to buy it for my collection .
 I had never seen it but heard about , bought it anyway and watched it and loved it !
 I thought this product was awsome , a classic , cheaply priced , and I recieved item way before the delivery date . Recommend buying movies from this seller . This movie was creative -LRB- although it was in subtitles -RRB- , and equally unique from any of the other movies I found over the internet .
 Lola is a girl stuck in a dilemna
 This is a good movie for learning German , since phrases are repeated from scenario to scenario . As for the plot : Supposedly , the third and final scenario is the true one . However , this is the most unlikely one . Somehow , in a city the size of Berlin , Manni is able to find the same homeless man who has his bag of money , and Lola gambles and wins 100 thousand DM , all in less than 20 minutes . The first two scenarios , in which Lola or Manni resorts to robbery and Manni or Lola is injured , are actually the more likely ones . Perhaps RUN LOLA RUN is poking fun at how neatly things usually turn out in movies .
 This film moves very fast , and it confused me the first time I saw it for a minute or two . 20 minutes may not seem like much , and you may wonder how can a 20 minute section of time take nearly an hour and a half , but it does , and it does it very well . I highly recommend this film . An outstanding piece of work in any language .
 I do n't know how the comparison got started , but Groundhog Day resembles Lola Rennt -LRB- its original German title -RRB- about as much as much as cooking sherry resembles a good merlot . Both will get you drunk , and how you get there is up to you -- but the low-rent route may not agree with your stomach all that well . This may sound as if I 'm getting ready to slam Groundhog Day -- not at all . It was a good movie , though not great , but there was a certain amount of formula to it -- i.e. , Bill Murray plays one of his stock cynical jerk characters , who because of an extraordinary series of circumstances , undergoes a complete personality facelift by the movie 's end . This is all well and good , and it makes for a fun movie -- but nobody will ever confuse it with a really classic comedy like It Happened One Night.Okay , so how does all this blathering relate to Lola Rennt ? Well , as I said , the comparison is absurd , a true case of apples and oranges if ever I 've seen one . GD was a comedy which pretended to have serious overtones ; Lola on the other hand is a serious , experimental film which refuses to take itself all that seriously . It has a definite sense of humor about itself , and even seems to parody itself at certain points . Also , Groundhog Day is about a man trapped in repeating the same day over and over again -- whereas Lola -LRB- and this is where the confusion started , I think -RRB- is about a woman faced with a difficult choice , who runs through possible scenarios of how her choices will work out -- but -LRB- and I wish I could use italics here to emphasize this -RRB- only the last of these occurs in real life ! The first two are Lola running through these possible events in her own mind , speculating on how it will go -- will I get killed , will my boyfriend get killed , etc. ? This is a small but crucial point that a lot of people seem to miss , and it 's also the biggest reason why Lola Rennt is cut from a completely different cloth than Groundhog Day.So , having said all that , let me now talk about the movie . The plot is simple
 Fast paced and intense Run Lola Run is exactly what you would expect of film with its title . I 'm not going to waste time on a synopsis but I was completely sucked in to the high speed drama the repititive premise induces and was left intrigued and pretty much blown away by its exploration of actions and their corresponding reactions . A great length and great soundtrack for techno lovers Run Lola Run is a must see .
 the movie is great . i never new the bourne identity girl was the same actress in this movie . it 's a great movie , every unique.run lola run .
 My daughter was watching this video when I stuck my head in the door to ask her a question . Over an hour later , I 'd forgotten the question but asked her how she 'd heard about this incredible movie.Word of mouth - she told me . Everyone was raving about it . `` Run Lola Run '' moves so fast you 're afraid to blink . Every brief part has an important element in the film 's plot.As the prior reviewer said , she has to solve what seems to be an impossible conundrum . Yet the resolution that she arrives at is itself quite a twist.The problem with reviewing a film like this is that it is near impossible to discuss substantive elements of the flick without giving away the plot!The acting is very good . The music is fantastic and captures the essence of intrigue . And the plot leaves you thinking those deep thoughts for some time.I loved it . And I do n't even like foreign films !
 I watched this movie in German with English Subtitles on Direct Ticket 3 times . I then bought the DVD and have watched it 6 more times . It is excellent the way they show you how one little thing can change your future . Every time I have watched this film -LRB- English dub over on DVD helps -RRB- I have picked up things I missed before . Some details are so subtle you just do n't see them . Watching the dub-over allows you to take in so much more . I do not like a-lot of movies , Groundhogs Day being one of them . When I watched this movie the first time , I thought Great , Groundhogs Day revisited . But when a little art and thought goes into it , instead of humor , it makes for a great film . I could go on forever about this movie , but the music is an added bonus to this great feature ! PS
 I liked it . It was real fast paced , the actress was sexy and interesting to look at , the camera angles were cool , the director employed just a hint of animation , the production was artsy yet gutsy , there were cool plot twists and manipulations and the story was good . Most of all , with all of this innovative filmmaking , the ending was satisfying.I give this a big thumbs up !
 I really enjoyed this film . It was so hip and fast paced that there was never a dull moment . I think Franka Potente is an awesome actress and I hope to see some more of her work . Do check this film out - it 's a ca n't miss Indie flick .
 This movie was introduced to me in my German class . From the first frame I was very much interested in the film 's artistic qualities . This piece is truly original and should be watched again and again . The director of this film is a genious because of its cast and technical qualities . Great soundtrack , as well ! Watch this film ... you will like it .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is the first german film in years , that became a huge hit outside the teutonic territory , and rightly so . `` Lola rennt '' -LRB- original title -RRB- is an enormously entertaining fun ride that starts at full speed and never lets up.Unlike most films , this one tells a story of 20 minutes in 80 minutes . The normal approach in movies is just vice versa . The film can do this by telling the same story three times . Each time , small details vary and that leads to an entirely different conclusion of the story . This gives the film some weight in the intelectual arena as well and makes it more than a technical triumph . The cast is another plus . Franka Potente is now something of a star in Germany , as is director Tom Tykwer . The media is already hailing him as a possible saviour of the german film , which puts a lot of pressure on him . `` Lola '' is a picture that succeeds in being entertaining and thought-provoking . There is little more one can expect from a movie . Gut gemacht , Herr Tykwer !
 This movie bring new-age problems in a symbolic sense . this should be viewed by every person who goes though a tough moment in life .
 I just ordered this movie online . You know why ? I LOVE IT ! This movie combines almost hilarious pure luck with amazing risk-taking in a wonderful and thrilling film!Taking place in a run-down Berlin slum , this movie is about a German drug dealer 's incredibly loyal girlfriend , and her dash through the city to find some way to get 100,000 duetsch marks to her boyfriend 's drug-dealing gangster boss . And if he does n't get the money ... I HIGHLY recommend this to anyone , especially all you Germany lovers out there ! -LRB- Hey , I 'm only 12 , but I still like it ! -RRB- So , overall , my opinion is BUY IT RIGHT NOW !
 The film RUN LOLA RUN starring Franka Potente , Moritz Bleibtreu , Herbert Knaup and Armin Rhode and directed by Tom Tykwer is my favorite film that I have ever seen . Some of it 's outstanding features are it 's wild cinematography , flashy editing and high-tech techno-pop album.Lola is a young hip punk with some serious bright-red hair who smokes and uses her moped to go around and do tasks for her amateur gangster boyfriend , Manni . One day as Lola stops at a liquer store to buy some cigarettes , some idiot steals her transportation and therefor is unable to pick up Manni outside the border from a drug deal . After waiting a while , he takes the subway home but realizing he had forgot the bag on the seat . So Manni calls Lola begging her ta help him before his boss will find that he had bothed the trade . Lola has twenty minutes to find 100,000 DM and deliver it to him before he is penalized.Riveting , heart pounding , flashy concept film ! A must see ! 1998/81 minutes/Rated R , for language and some violence .
 There are already enough reviews of the excellent film and the acting Franka Potente , so I 'm going to focus on the DVD itself.And that said , this is a DVD that is worth owning . The transfer is of very high quality . And considering that the film is running at such a fast pace with images being thrown in and out of the camera 's view , the high quality transfer really is essential to the film . Even if the film was bad -LRB- and I think the other reviews can convince you that it is n't -RRB- , the transfer is done so well that it allows you to marvel at the wonders of DVD -LRB- and make you happy that you have n't used that old VCR in quite some time -RRB- . But the transfer quality pales in comparison to the sound in Run Lola Run . And whomever made Run Lola Run onto DVD was kind enough to take into consideration that not everybody has a full surround sound setup just yet . So the film is made in both 2.0 and 5.1 for both English and German . It 's amazing how many films do n't do this . The 2.0 sound is actually good enough to sound better than some poorly made DVD 's with 5.1 . But Run Lola Run 's 5.1 sound is excellent . I 'd imagine you 'd have to be a fan of the techno beats in Run Lola Run to really appreciate it , but if you 're at least a little bit into the music , you 'll love being right in the middle of the sound as it does take advantage of the rear speakers quite a bit . I 'd strongly recomend using the subtitles and listening to the German 5.1 over the English 5.1 . The English 5.1 sounds just fine , but the German is clearly better.The special features are good , but not great . The commentary with director Tykwer and Potente is better than most . At least it is for an American not fully familiar with German cinema -- the commentary gives you some insight as to how films are made on the other side of the pond . The music video is neat , but I ca n't imagine watching it more than a couple of times.When my friends look at my collection of DVD 's and ask me why I 'm `` wasting '' my money on them when I have several of the movies on tape , Run Lola Run is one of the DVD 's that I 'll pop in to show them what DVD can really do . A strongly recommended purchase -- especially for those who own high quality systems .
 This movie is pure genius and as such will not appeal to everyone . The driving force of this movie is choices . Little choices and big choices can have untold effects on one 's life and the lives of others . That is what this movie is about.To get these ideas across , we meet Lola and her current boyfriend . They are shady characters in that they are involved in illegal activities . Lola is the real thinker and the one who maintains control . Lola is late and the boyfriend gets in trouble . He gets scared and loses the money he is supposed to deliver to a drug lord . He has twenty minutes until delivery time . He turns to Lola . She has twenty minutes to come up with the money and get to him.Lola runs . She runs and runs . Her mind races for solutions even as her feet race across the city . She interacts with a number of characters . Some of these are affected by her and we get glimpses of their futures . There are two pauses in the film where Lola and her boyfriend are discussing important issues . In the first , Lola asks if he loves her . In the second he asks what she would do if he dies . While these at first seem strange ways of dividing the film 's three separate sections , they give great insight into the characters.As the film progresses , we also get to see what can happen when some of the choices that were made are changed . What new paths can occur . Who get affected . All in all , it is simply brilliant .
 I have always tried very hard not to say a movie was awesome , but I feel compelled to say that this German gem from 1999 is as awesome as awesome can be . I 've never seen anything like Run , Lola , Run ; it 's a film that does n't sound as if it should really work , yet its presentation is dazzling and mesmerizing . Franka Potente gives an incredible performance , her talents as visible as her bright pink hair . There 's nothing misleading about the title . Lola runs and runs some more ; Franka Potente could probably have tried out for the German Olympic team after all the running she had to do here.The strengths of this movie are its unique vision , stunning cinematography , and pulse-pounding soundtrack , but here 's a breakdown of the plot . Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- and Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- are in love , and like most couples in love we find the man doing something really stupid and blaming the woman . Manni does a little work for a mafia-type fellow , and his latest job involves the delivery of one hundred thousand marks to his boss . Lola was supposed to meet him in town , but she was late , and Manni ended up accidentally -LRB- yet still very stupidly -RRB- leaving his bag o ' cash on a train for a bum to pick up and run off with . Now he has twenty minutes to come up with one hundred thousand marks before having to face Mr. Big . Lola was late because her bike was stolen , yet of course the whole mess is her fault , according to Manni . I 'll cut the guy some slack here , though ; knowing you are about to be rubbed out tends to put a little stress on the system . Lola takes off , trying to come up with the money and get it to Manni before the top of the hour . Lest you think the film can not last longer than thirty minutes tops , just know that there is something a little bit different about Lola ; the old saw `` if you do n't succeed , try , try again '' takes on special meaning with this girl , and the transitions of what might be considered silly by some are handled very , very well.Run , Lola , Run does much to show us how our decisions impact both ourselves and those around us , even strangers , in a big , big way . The movie provides us with a quick series of revealing snapshots of the future lives of several individuals who cross Lola 's path , and it is really quite fascinating to see how these peeks at the future differ under slightly different circumstances . One may not be able to say that fate is kind or unkind , but she -LRB- fate -RRB- is certainly capricious . Irony abounds here , just as in life . The visual presentation of this film is just stunning , combining all sorts of illustrative elements . There is an animation sequence that mimics part of Lola 's run , split screen shots of two scenes at once , and almost dizzying camera pans that do indeed compare with a lot of the elements of music videos . The whole movie is also infused with a powerful , beating soundtrack -LRB- a significant portion of which is provided by Franka Potente herself -RRB- that never allows the viewer to take a breath ; there is very little danger of your nodding off while watching this cinematic masterpiece . Voted the best film by the audience at the Sundance Film Festival of 1999 , Run , Lola , Run is a visionary piece of cinematic art that every lover of good movies should see .
 lets get this straight this is a great movieI first went to see this film at a special screening at our universities cinema and i did have some doubts about it before hand.But it was the definate highlight of the night.I wo n't say anything about the plot as 1 . a lot has already been said by other reviewers .2 . I think its best to watch this film without any preconceptions about what is going to happen.The DVD itself is a good package and the extras are quite good particulaly the music video !! -LRB- especialy compared to the british edition of the film -RRB- However one word of warningPlease Please do not watch this film in the dubbed american.For goodness sake leave it in its original german format and read the subtitles . unless you want to be overcome with either laughter or extreme rage at how the dubbing has spoiled the original dialogue/monologuesreading the subtitles really does not detract from the films brillianceand in fact i belive that it enhances the experiancefinally it can only be said BUY this film !!! IT IS GOOD
 I see hundreds of movies a year , but somehow , I had managed to miss RUN LOLA RUN until the first week in August , 2005 . YEARS after the film had come out , and years after imitators had their shots at ruining the style -LRB- like imitators of PULP FICTION kinda cheapened that whole genre -RRB- . Not to fear ... this film is a kick of PURE ENERGY !! I felt honest-to-God jazzed watching this movie . Originality and ENERGY pop off the screen . Basically , we 're watching three little movies ... each of the same scenario , but playing out in different ways . We see how one or two tiny little changes early on can snowball into HUGE changes once the story reaches its end . Lola has to come up with a HUGE pile of money in 20 minutes flat , or her boyfriend will either be killed by a mobster , or take the foolish step of holding up a grocery store for the cash . Can she `` fix '' his problem in time ? That 's about the plot ... but this summary tells you NOTHING about how this film feels.I 'm a 41 year old man . Not the target audience . I do n't listen to the kind of music played here -LRB- techno ... for lack of a better word -RRB- . I speak some German , but not enough that I did n't have to read the subtitles . I always look for holes in the plot of films . I 'm always skeptical of `` artiness for its own sake . '' And yet , while the film is `` artful , '' I thought it was a perfect blending of a filmmaking style with a story-telling intent . Lola is under a deadline ... and everything reminds us of that . The pulsing , repetitive score ... the fast camera work ... the color choices ... everything.But the best part of all is Franke Potente , the star of the film . US audiences know her from the `` girlfriend '' role in BOURNE IDENTITY ... and she was the best cast part of the film ... she seemed real , smart , sexy , foreign and fully-realized . In RUN LOLA RUN , she shows why an American director casting a big-budget American film would have gone with her ... she 's GREAT ! The film spends many minutes focused just on Lola running . From the side , from head-on ... we see her run , run , run . Red/pink hair sailing wildly behind . Her face is a masterpiece ... at one moment she 's got fear , intelligence , determination and exhaustion etched there . She 's very young , and in over her head ... but we immediately want her to succeed as much as SHE wants to succeed . It 's a riveting performance in a film full of fun ideas.If I sit back and think about it ... I realize that what Lola is running for is to save a criminal boyfriend -LRB- who 's also stupid and a bit of a whiner -RRB- , and that performing criminal acts is not beyond her either . Most of the characters she encounters along her way -LRB- especially her father and his mistress -RRB- , are quite unlikeable too . From a surface level , we should have NO business getting behind these schmucks . But Lola 's ferocity is an undeniable magnet . And the film moves WAY too fast to do anything but leave you breathless.It 's rated `` R , '' mostly for some strong language , and for some unsavory scenes with the father and mistress . I do n't recommend it by any stretch for kids ... but I suggested it to my 17 year old son , and he loved it . He 's showing it to his friends . It 's a COOL movie ... simply put . It deserves all the accolades that have come its way .
 1999 was a good year for the movies . The Sixth Sense , the Blair Witch Project , American Beauty . Oh , yes , there was this little German film that few had heard of before the Sundance festival
 This was a very interesting movie . Filmed in three parts , each section is divided by a bedroom conversation between the two main characters . Each conversation brings forth a different perspective and outcome to the current situation they are dealing with . What this movie was telling me , that if you listen with deeper understanding , you will get it right the first time . . only this was portrayed in reverse . Very enjoyable .
 Run Lola run is a foreign film -LRB- German with English subtitles -RRB- that has much mainstream appeal . Without giving away too much the story revolves around Lola and her Boyfriend -LRB- Manni -RRB- in a bid to get 100,000 Marks in 20 minutes to save Manni from a rather unpleasant encounter with some thugs . The film moves at a fast pace as it replays the same 20 minutes over and over each showing how actions even trivial ones may have a profound effects on others . For example in one running Lola bumps into a woman and that triggers a series of events that causes the woman to lose her child to protective services which leads her to kidnap a baby . In another running she merely brushes past the woman and the woman ends up winning the lottery and lives happily ever after.Far from being bored with the replaying of the 20 minutes the move keeps your attention as you watch for the discrepancies between the runs . You find yourself asking was that element in the previous run ? Why is that person walking there ? Do they have a part in a future running ? Just when you think you know everything about the runs the final run still has eye openers ... The DVD has an English soundtrack that almost makes you feel that your not watching a foreign language film at all with the action and the sound track being so in sync .
 `` Run , Lola , Run , '' starring Franka Potente as the flaming redhead Lola , is guaranteed classic cult film status for years to come . Lola lights up the screen in this German film which features creative cinematography and near-perfect editing , combining cinema verit&eacute; and animation . Tom Tykwer shows brilliance as the film 's director ; his use of close-ups of these not-perfect faces is exceptional . `` Lola '' is a film that one can enjoy watching over and over again , so it is a worthwhile addition to a DVD collection . As someone who primarily enjoys classical music and opera , I was thrilled by the techno-trance music of the film 's soundtrack . I recommend that viewers watch this film in the German version , with the English subtitles , because it is very easy to understand the film this way and adds to its authenticity . And it only gets better . The movie is told in three segments , each with different aspects and outcomes . Overall , this is definitely one of those films that gets better each time you watch it , a totally original , undiscovered treasure .
 ~ Ok , I wanted to write a long review for this movie -LRB- becuz its just the best movie made in like ... forever -RRB- but I will just give you a quick idea of the plot so you can read it fast and then buy this amazing movie ! xoLola 's boyfriend Manni has left 100,000 marks on a subway , and he 'll be dead if he does n't get it to his gangster boss in 20 minutes ! Its a good thing for him that he has a strong woman behind him . With her fire engine red hair , Lola is so powerful that she breaks glass when she screams , she can heal the dying , and she wo n't even let the movie end until everything in her life is right.This film is refreshingly feminist foward , in that the leading actor is a woman who is in flux and must `` save the day '' . The whole plot and story line depend on the actions of this 20 ~ something punky woman . This edge of your seat , heart stopping adventure draws you in by letting you know that it could be you up there running to help your boy/girlfriend . Also , this film puts the ART back in Arthouse with its punk rock style , its multiple outcomes and a ` choose your own adventure ' ending style . How many ways can one major screw up end up ? Will Lola and Manni live happily ever after ? Will there be laughter or tears ? Hmmmm.Director Tykwer has fashioned a massively impressive , music video styled film that also stops long enough to enrich each character , adding layers as the story is revisited . He also relentlessly toys with the medium , including giving flash-forward life-stories to mere extras -LRB- very humorous and witty -RRB- and running the credits backward . Tremendous fun , hugely entertaining . Only Grinches and prunes will not fall madly in love with this witty , fast paced winner ! Run , and I mean RUN ! to the Check out with this film ! -LRB- tee-hee -RRB-
 I have not watched a lot of foreign films so I thought I 'd grab Run Lola , Run . It 's a surreal film in a lot of ways . Even before we get to the star crossed lovers who get in over their heads with a fencing mob operation , the film wobbles through crowds of people asking about Man , the way he questions , the answers leading to more questions , in a circular philosophy.The camera focuses on a few of the people who will later play larger roles later in the film . Finally , a security guard says `` Scheisse '' happens and kicks a soccer ball high in the air!We fly with the ball , and then come down to Lola 's world . As you 've read in other reviews and synopses , it 's basically about Lola 's boyfriend , who explains that during a fencing operation with some diamonds , he sold the diamonds to a fence for 100,000 Marks , and now he only has twenty minutes before meeting the mob boss who will kill Manni -LRB- her boyfriend -RRB- when the boss finds out Manni lost the money on the subway . `` And it 's all your fault for being late ! '' he yells at her which was really not fair , being the irresponsible dork that he really is . But I digress!Hitchcock has always said that rather than having a bunch of talking heads in a film , that one should use the cinema as a way of communicating -LRB- or words to that effect -RRB- and Lola definitely delivers.First , Lola actually has a power or two . First , she can run for miles without being hardly out of breath . And two , she can scream with such intensity that she can break glass.There are actually three scenarios or 20 minute clips that show the various fates of Lola and the people she runs across.In the first one , she screams and shatters mirrors ! Then she throws the phone up in the air and it lands flawlessly on the phone cradle . Then she runs ! There is some animation in here too as well as some cool electronic music to keep us moving . A few seconds difference in running into a neighbor 's dog makes a woman who was delayed by this now win the lottery . Makes a bike thief become a bum . And so on!Manni wants to rob a store to get the money . Lola fails with her cheating father and helps Manni rob the store . She comes to a bad end.In the second one , much as the first , she throws the phone into the air , lands flawlessly on the cradle , but this time -LRB- to make a long story short -RRB- Manni meets an untimely fate.In the third one , when all parties are more or less behaving themselves and are doing good for others , things turn out the best . At least for Lola and Manni.The DVD has French and English subtitles if you want , as well as voice-over English and French . I chose the English and it went quite smoothly.Interesting too that the credits roll UP as opposed to American films rolling down . Wild stuff . Understandable why this film won the Audience Award at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival.So run , do not walk , to your favorite DVD store and pick this up!Other Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- Films : The Princess and the WarriorCreepBourne Identity -LRB- Single-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo -RRB-
 Most of the movies I buy from Amazon are sale priced gems I 've seen already . They 're additions to a burgeoning home library . As I add additions I screen them to make sure the DVD plays properly . In this instance I screened the movie for co-workers during lunch and dinner breaks . `` Lola '' was well received by those who had not seen it before . I think it 's a terrific example of an alternative -LRB- foreign or otherwise -RRB- to mega budget -LRB- or even mid to low budget fodder -RRB- movies especially those with huge stars , and an over abundance of special effects , which play as if they were written for and by marketing robots.If you can get `` Lola '' on sale do check it out
 Run Lola Run is a superb movie . It 's pretty much one of those movies you MUST see in your lifetime . If you are a fan of the Simpsons , you will have noticed that there was even a reference to Run Lola Run in an episode with Lisa and her robot , Linguo . It 's simply an amazing movie that everyone knows about . there are many cool aspects to the movie
 If you are like me , you are probably sick and tired of all the crap that Hollywood throws out year to year . There is no originality left in Hollywood , rather just conventionality . Most movies today are cycling through the same themes , plots , motifs , and archetypes of yesterday 's movies . The German film Run Lola Run , however , has taken an original approach , separating it from the common Hollywood movie.First , in the movie you are shown three different scenarios with 3 very different outcomes . The idea the director plays on is that acting different in any one point in one 's life can lead to startling outcomes - that every act is important and has its effect . In the movie , Lola , the main character , has twenty minutes to get her boyfriend a hundred thousand dollars cash , otherwise he will be killed . Acting slightly different each time she brings about shocking outcomes for both herself and her boyfriend . Hollywood movies on the other hand , will stick to one scenario , showing you how events would occur in one perspective . In reality , things never work out as well as they do in the movies . Hollywood will never account for life 's many obstacles . Furthermore , the one-perspective - Hollywood-movie is usually the same perspective as all other movies from the past and present.Aside from the three-scenario plot , the movie also incorporates deep symbolism , which can not be found in Hollywood . No matter how many times you watch this movie you can find more symbolism . For example , in the scenario where Lola is killed , many items are noticeably red , such as the color of her hair . In another scenario , when her boyfriend is killed , many items are noticeably yellow , like the color of his hair . Dissecting more of the movie , you find more and more symbolism in everything from names , to the moneybags , to the use of green as a symbol for money . By contrast , in the typical Hollywood movie you are hard pressed to find just a few symbols.Finally , the movie leaves the audience in a state of inquiry . You question whether it is better to make decisions based on intuition rather than reason . You question the merit of reincarnation . You question whether someone can will something to happen . Most Hollywood movies leave you with the typical happy ending , all questions answered . The whole reason writers write is to force you to examine a theme . Walking out of a Hollywood movie you are not forced to think about some aspect of life or human behavior . More often than not , the only question you are looking to answer is why did I watch this?In my personal opinion , the movie Run Lola Run is an original movie , surpassing the typical Hollywood film . The movie gathers a wide fan base because of its unique plot setup , its hefty and intricate use of symbolism , and its ability to leave the audience in a deep state of inquiry . I recommend that anyone seventeen years and older go see this movie -LRB- the movie is rated `` R '' -RRB- . If you want to get the most out of this movie watch it as many times as you can ...
 Turn on your TV and buckle up for an exhilarating 80-minute ride . From the get-go , this film literally runs and barely pauses to take a breath . Take your eyes off the screen and you may miss a fast-paced sequence of snapshots that tells you the future of certain minor characters . Run to the kitchen for a glass of water and you 've missed an entire scene.But you wo n't want to take your eyes off this taut , fast-paced drama . Lola has just been told that her boyfriend Manni , an aspiring drug dealer , has lost 100,000 marks on the subway . She has 20 minutes to get together the money , or Manni will be killed by his new boss . How ? Where ? From whom ? Down the steps , out the door , Lola runs , and runs . After 20 minutes , we 've seen an entire film . But wait ... you do n't like the ending ? Roll back the clock and we 'll do it differently . Still do n't like it ? Give Tykwer another 20 minutes and he 'll do it again.The point , of course , is that our lives are not entirely our own
 This movie is amazing and stunning . Everything is so great , including the music . It 's the movie that nobody should miss in his/her life .
 Manni has lost 100 000 deutschemarks that he owes to a diamond-smuggling gangster he is meeting in 20 minutes . The titular Lola is Manni 's girlfriend , whom he calls for help when he realises the money is missing . Lola sets off on a frantic run through the streets of Berlin to try and extract the money from her father , a banker , before Manni gets desperate and holds up a grocery store for the funds . However , such a bare-bones description does not do justice to this hyperkinetic , immensely enjoyable film.Since Lola only has only 20 minutes , and the film is 80 minutes , it 's not giving away the plot to say that the race to get the funds happens 3 times - the first 2 end in disaster , so she has to try , try again . I 'll leave for you to discover how it turns out the third time . Between these action sequences are surprisingly effective hallucinatory dialogues between Lola and Manni , and you develop a sense of their relationship . This kind of gimmick has been used before -LRB- the most recent that I 've seen being Groundhog Day -RRB- , but this is the most enjoyable rendition I 've seen . It 's unclear if this is the same Lola or an alternate universe . The movie wisely steers clear of such metaphysical questions , and you accept the story 's reality -LRB- much as you accept the reality of `` The Matrix '' -RRB- because it is self-consistent and the actors are so convincing.It 's not perfect - there are too many gimmicks in the title sequence that you almost get annoyed enough to look negatively at the rest of the film . However , there 's something beautiful about Lola 's run , much like watching an Olympic long-distance race . With bright red hair flapping in the breeze , arms pumping , you ca n't help but admire the energy she has , even while faintly disbelieving that a smoker could maintain such a pace for 20 minutes . It 's good that it is enjoyable , because a good 1/3 of the movie is simply watching her run!The DVD has the typical extras , including an English commentary -LRB- by the director and the actress that played Lola -RRB- for the Region 1 encoded discs . There are some neat gems in the commenary , explaining things that would be familiar to German moviegoers -LRB- the identities of certain actors , for instance -RRB- but not to American ones . These are minutae , however , that you do n't need to enjoy the film . It 's a credit to the filmaker that the film is so universal that it can be enjoyed by any audience .
 I have to worn you - this film is not for everyone ! Subtitled version of the movie gives you better , much better understanding of it . And trust me , after few minutes , you forget that you are reading subtitles ... This film starts from very begining with particular speed already in it , as soon , as you peak it up ... it does n't stop . Few times it does slow down a little ... but it is only to catch some air ... so it can run faster . Lola get a phone call from her boyfriend ... he is in big troubles ! A bag with 100.000 marks gone ... he has 20 minutes to get the money ... or he is dead ! Her bike was stolen ... she has to run to get there in time ... and find the way to find the money ! That is why she is running , no other choice ?! But no matter , what she does ... somebody dies . And she has to start it again ... and again ... untill she get it right . -LRB- I wish , the real life will give us as many chances ... but it never happens ??! -RRB- . Cinematography on highest level ! Speed of the movie keeps you on adrenalin level of reality - you forget , this is only a movie . I found myself on the feet few time ... with only 3 words coming out of my mouth
 The Film : Positively unique . While I see parallels between Run Lola Run and its 1999 counterpart , Fight Club , the instances are only fleeting and probably have more to do with the fact that I saw the two films shortly after one another than they do with actual similarities . Or perhaps it 's how both films have taken a novel idea and let it run its course , flaws and all , producing something that 's much stronger when all 's said and done.If the stranger who brushed past you this morning had walked an extra couple inches to their left , what kind of an effect do you think it might have had on the rest of your life ? If the film is to be trusted , a bit more than you 'd think . One woman , mere scenery in any other film , goes from lotto winner to baby stealer to bible pusher after her chance meetings with Lola . And that 's where the real strength lies here . More than anything else , Run is a story about everyday lives , and how conceivably miniscule changes can alter an entire lifetime . Despite the imaginative camera angles and Quentin Tarantino meets Guy Ritchie storyline , the real focus of the movie is the interaction with the regular Joe , and the ultimate result of that interaction.Sure , there are some scenes I 'd have done differently . But like they say , hindsight is 20 / 20 and everybody 's the world 's finest director from their couch -LRB- or , in this case , from behind their monitors -RRB- . Some transitions are awkward , but the characters are there in full force , and the possibly-complicated plot is handled to perfection . Add to that the list of risky camera tricks that paid off in spades , and you 've got a healthy package . Highly Recommended .9 / 10DVD Extras : Not exactly a stack of bonus features , but those that are present really do pack a punch . First , and most notably , is the option to watch the film in English or original German with English subtitles ... which , if you 've ever heard the American voice actors , you 'll know is n't really that much of an option . Put plainly , the English dub blows . Go for German with the subtitles , and enjoy the original vocal inflections in all their glory.You also get a feature-length commentary from writer / director / producer Tom Tykwer and Lola herself , actress Franka Potente . This one 's a real goldmine , if you 're into insightful audio commentary , as the two reveal bits and pieces the uneducated eye would have blown past without a second thought . Honestly , the definition of what a DVD commentary track should be.Finally , there are the prerequisite Theatrical Trailers , which are nothing extraordinary , and a music video from the picture 's phenomenal soundtrack . Again , nothing special ... mostly just Potente mouthing along to the words of one of the few songs with a vocal track , screaming , and looking a bit bizarre without the bright red hair . It 's no surprise the single never really shook the charts.Worth the extra bucks to pick up on DVD , without a doubt . Hell , they could 've just given it the German dub and I would 've been happy , but the audio commentary makes it all that much nicer .7 / 10
 Run Lola Run is a fun , intense flick . The plot : Lola receives a frantic phone call from her boyfriend Manni.That day he was on an errand for his boss , a job with some mercs . It was a test , for Manni 's boss , to see if he could trust him.He took the `` merchandise '' to a buyer from whom he collects 1000,000 marks . Lola was supposed to pick him from the job , but unfortunately her moped was stolen that same day , then she rook a taxi and the driver mixed up the address.So Manni takes the subway , but then some security guys show up , and Manni panics and leaves , with the money still on the train ! The security guys keep him from retrieving it . He checks at the next station , but it 's gone ! Some vagrant guy has it , and disappears into the city.Now Manni has only twenty minutes before his boss shows up , to collect the money ! Lola reassures him she 'll think of something , but he threatens if she is n't there in 20 minutes , he 'll rob the store across from the payphone.So Lola has to think fast , and move fast . Since her moped was stolen , she 'll have to run . The first person she thinks of , for help , is her father , a bank manager . But will he help?Manni 's life is on the line . His boss is a dangerous man , who once headbutted Manni , for simply keeping a carton of cigarettes!Run Lola Run is full of unexpected twists . Showing three seprate scenarios which Lola seeks alternate ways to save Manni . As she runs into people on the street -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- We are given a glimpse into their lives , and shown how a simple second can change it.It 's fun movie , i got goosebumps the first time I saw it.The actors are GREAT . Moritz Bleibtreu , is wonderful as Manni , who is QUITE believable in his portrayal as a desperate man.Moritz 's mother , Monica Bleibtreu , has a small part as a blind woman , who gives Manni her phone card . And Franka Potenteis FANTASTIC , she seems very likable personally . And as Lola , with her punk hairdo , dyed a brilliant fire-engine red ! Her navel blazon with a tribal tattoo , that looks like a sunburst . Her attitude , and her energy ! She 's amazing.But Run Lola Run is more about some cartailing mercs , and a punk fraulein ... It has some deeper meaning . About twists of fate . How a single event can effect someones whole life . It 's about true love , destiny and determination.With it 's unique directional techniques and adventuresome plot , it 's truly unique and very exhilerating ! A film I 'm , sure you 'll have no problem watching over and over again.It ' soundtrack -LRB- which you must get ! -RRB- is scored with some excellent techno music -LRB- partly composed by Tom Tykwer ! -RRB- And Franka lends her voice to a couple songs ! The beats will get your adrenaline pumping , you 'll want to get up and run with Lola.The DVD includes an option to play English audio -LRB- for people who are lazy about subtitles -RRB- but the voices for this audio track are really pretty funny -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- Still you may want to play , just for fun . I prefer the original German version with subtitles . It has them in French or English . If you watch it over and over , you may just learn some German -LRB- i have -RRB- Special features
 Run Lola Run is the result of a great experiment in film . Despite little characterization , scattered dialogue and a very basic plot , it fully succeeds in its intentions.The simplistic plot concerns Lola receiving a phone call from her boyfriend Mannie , who has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000 deutsch marks or faith the wrath of a crime boss . Lola sets off to find a way to come up with the money before Mannie resorts to robbery . That 's it . But the trick of the film lies in the retelling of those 20 minutes in three separate scenarios as Lola is given multiple chances to get things right.But the filmmakers do n't need a second chance to get this film right . The pulsating techno soundtrack perfectly connects with the beautiful images of Lola running , trying to beat destiny . There 's just something about the urgency in her eyes and the gracefulness with which she runs that wo n't let you take your eyes away from her . The film also explores how extremely minor events , such as brushing against someone , can have profound impacts on the rest of a person 's life.There 's really not a whole lot more I can say about Run Lola Run . It 's just a very small , short film -LRB- an 80 minute running time -RRB- that perfectly captures its subject . This one is definitely recommended , even for those that normally may avoid foreign language films . You just ca n't miss out on it .
 `` Run Lola Run '' -LRB- the English rendering of the German `` Lola Rennt '' , of which a mroe literal translation is `` Lola Runs '' -RRB- was the feature debut of actor Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- and director Tom Tykwer . Both deliver command performances.The plot revolves around Lola 's attempt to find 10 000 marks for her boyfriend , Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , who risks death at the hands of his gangster boss if he does n't come up with the money . Lola 's response to Manni 's frantic phone call in the opening scenes is to run to her father 's bank to see if he can help , encountering a series of passers-by along the way.Where `` Lola '' differs from the conventional structure of a film is that there are in fact three separate stories told . Each features the same general premise - outlined above - but the results of Lola 's run vary incredibly . This process was the most talked-about feature of the film , and as such does not come as that much of an adjustment to the viewer in 2003 . As well as the differing end results of Lola 's run , the people she encounters have different stories told about them . Lola runs into -LRB- literally in some cases -RRB- many different characters , a mother pushing a pram and a man selling his bike being the two most memorable . Each of these characters reacts to Lola 's presence and then a series of photos is shown explaining what happens to them afterwards - these results also change -LRB- drastically -RRB- from story to story.A third feature is the `` red scenes '' in between the main stories . Tykwer deliberately keeps the audience in the dark as to the meaning of these dialogues between Lola and Manni ranging over various philosophical topics - do they happen before or after the story in question ? do they happen at all ? regardless , they serve to increase the peculiarity of this film.And what a film it is . Potente -LRB- who also contributes vocals to the soundtrack -RRB- is a highly accomplished actor - more familiar to American audiences as Matt Damon 's sidekick in `` The Bourne Identity '' - and is capable of almost every emotion in the book here . Lola 's screaming has to be heard to be belived , especially in the opening scenes . Bleibtreu , in what is a relatively small role , proves Potente 's equal and it is surely only a matter of time before he too appears in a major Hollywood film . The other actors are somewhat hampered by the pace of the film which does n't really allow them any much character development - often , whatever development is made in one story needs to be totally discarded in the next . They do , however , acquit themselves adequately . `` Lola '' is , after all is said and done , Tykwer 's film . From the opening collection of quotes - including the enigmatic `` Nach dem Spiel ist vor dem Spiel '' -LRB- after the game is before the game -RRB- - and the ominously ticking clock , it is clear that he is not going to let the audience have a minute to think . Lola 's running scenes are shot at strange angles , in split screen and some scenes feaure the same shot repeated three times on the screen at once . All of this is done to a pounding soundtrack of German techno , some of which is composed by Tykwer himself . Tykwer has a wicked sense of humour in places , the toughs driving the car and the sunglasses-wearing nun always provoke laughs . The dialogue between Manni and Lola about Manni 's feelings for her is also very well-written , both in the German and the subtitled English.One of the most effective scenes is the opening one , a blurred shot of a crowd of people with a voiceover asking questions like `` where are we coming from ? '' and `` where are we going ? '' , followed by a line from the man who is later revealed to be the bank security guard
 If you are a fan of sappy , uninspiring Hollywood crap like Titanic or The Wedding Planner or anything starring Freddie Prinze Jr. , you should n't see Run Lola Run . Or maybe you should see it . Maybe it will straighten some of you morons out . Look , I am not a big fan of indie movies or European films . I do n't even really like Europeans . But Lola is a movie that everyone should see . I was hesitant to see it myself at first , but do n't worry . It is n't a girl power movie and it 's not some sick German sex fetish movie . The film is essentially simple in plot and in message , yet it is nonetheless riviting and thought provoking . It is a pleasant change of pace from the run-of-the-mill American film . By straying from convention , the film is able to explore many different elements of life , most notably time . Time is the real protaganist in the film and is always in the forefront . Time is made more evident by the ostinato German techno-house soundtrack . This is one of the few drawbacks to the movie . I may start liking that techno crap if I watch the movie enough . Then I 'll start going to techno clubs and raves and develop an addiction to ecstasy . But back to the movie . I ca n't say much for the acting since I watched the English dubbed version . But the voice over actors were quite good . Just do yourself a favor . Next time you feel compelled to see the latest Travolta disaster , stop yourself , think of my review , and go watch Run Lola Run .
 Very inventive movie and reminds me of Kieslowski , without the Catholic baggage , in that we see how randmom life isand how small encounters and slight changes in timing can significantly alter one 's life and others -LRB- without our even being aware of it -RRB- . This is an interesting -LRB- but not new -RRB- idea to think about , yet it is cleverly presented in an aesthetically pleasing manner in this film . This movie has all the elements of a classic cult film .
 Great movie , short and fun to watch . -LRB- Although I got tired of the running bit , I got it , she runs . -RRB- Overall , this movie was just fantastic . If you want something different , this is it . -LRB- Beware , it has subtitles -RRB-
 One of the most fun movies to watch , ever !!! It 's really clever in the new approach it takes to time mixing -LRB- as seen in sliding doors , memento , etc. -RRB- . It may not be the most insightful or deep but it 's just plain awesome . Four thumbs up -LRB- my feet got excited and decided to jump in -RRB- .
 I 've frequently found German cinema to be too depressing for my own taste as has my husband . However , this film got rave reviews on my film listserv so I had to give it a chance . I was drawing when I put it on the video player and , five minutes into the film , I had put away my drawing , not to touch it again until the movie was over ! That is how much this movie grabbed my eye . The director has quite the artist 's eye and takes us through 3 different visual versions of reality for Lola as she runs to try to save her boyfriend 's life . We see how very small increments of time can make vital changes to the opportunities and chances one has in life , including whether one will even continue living ! There is not a second wasted in the telling of this story and it is told very visually instead of being laden with dialogue . Lola has some very dramatic encounters with her father , a banking executive , in these 3 versions of her running . At the end , you feel very aware of how close you might live to momentary disaster , especially in light of the effects of Lola 's runs to the pedestrians and drivers on the streets where she runs . We found ourselves very caught up in the film and wanted our own copy of it as soon as it was over , which we did get .
 This is a whole new experience in film . It 's brilliant , innovative , and so much fun ! Fast paced , with a great pulsating score , it plays with time and shows you how a few seconds can change your life . . the editing is a marvel , as well as the cinematography . -LRB- Love the ambulance/glass shot ! -RRB- . This incredible movie will still interest you after many viewings . It 's a keeper !
 This is one of the coolest movies ever.i would recomend this to all ages
 I 'd hesitate to call this a masterpiece but it 's about as much fun as any movie I 've seen in recent years . It 's relentlessly thrilling to watch , fresh-looking , well-acted , and the soundtrack complements the adrenaline-charged action perfectly . Do n't expect your life to change , just expect a great time .
 From the opening credits , this movie had me hooked . Then , as the last ending credits rolled off the screen , I pressed rewind and watched again . From an audio/visual standpoint , this is eaisly one of the best movies ever . The way the images and sounds tell the story is captivating , really making you experience the pressure of the situation that Lola is faced with -LRB- and the pressure all of us feel sometimes when faced with the choices of life -RRB- . The plot , when judged traditionally , is weak . But , two factors make that completely irrelevant . First , this movie details a 20 minute period of the characters ' lives . Second , this is a concept film , with the `` concept '' being `` the domino effect . '' Run , Lola , Run does a beautiful job of illustating the potential importance of every choice we are presented with . This , I believe , was the director 's goal , and he certainly succeeded .
 Would n't it be great to be able to depend on American filmmakers to come up with something like this even once in a while ? Combining mind-blowing originality with twists and turns that take your breath away , Tom Tykwer has written and directed a tornado of a film that will haunt you for a long time after you experience RUN LOLA RUN . Utilizing an ingenious three-part harmonic idea , he introduces us to the characters and then turns us loose to experience the unfolding drama as Lola must attempt to save her boyfriend from certain doom unless she can come up with a LOT of money in twenty minutes . But you already know that . What you DO N'T know is how thoroughly this film will blow you away ! Try focusing on anything but the brilliance of this effort as the credits roll by when it 's over . Truly original and completely inventive , RUN LOLA RUN is a classic !
 The Night i Saw this film , i made a copy of it the second the credits were over . When it finished dubbing i watched it again . Franka is perfect as Lola , AND she sings the title track . This film to me compares only with ` Being John Malkovich . ' 100 % EXCELLENT .
 Let 's face it , this movie rocks ! Anyone with any idea on the craft of movie making can see this was the most original film of 99 if not the decade -LRB- along with The Matrix -RRB- . The DVD only enhances it more.The music , the pace and the skillfull editing requires multiple viewing . No question about it , this is the best foreign film ever made .
 It 's been a long time since I have seen a film this well done , I think it may even be the first , and trust me , I 've seen a lot of movies . It 's plot was simple , that made up for its wonderful essance though . There was little acting involved , I am not criticizing , simply stating . The fact that there was n't a whole lot of acting gave it a unique and likeable sentiment . This movie is different from any other movie I have ever seen , and I have a great love for foreign films , making this movie at the very top of my list . I suggest this movie to anyone !
 This is one of the most inventing and entertaining films I have seen . I just saw it again on video tonight , I saw it in a theater last summer . Fast , funny , exciting and filled with meaning . Are we products of fate or circumstance or do we will our own future ? Lola is like a force of nature , stirring up the lives of all around her like so many fallen leaves . Great flick !
 Run Lola Run is a German import film with an edge . Lola , the girlfriend of small-time dealer Manni , is faced with a difficult decision
 I have never seen a movie like this before ! The pace of this film is frantic , and the rapid-fire visual images made me feel tired at the end . For people who do not speak German , this film will still provide action and entertainment . `` Lola Rennt '' is like `` Groundhog Day '' and `` Pulp Fiction '' combined . If you can imagine that .
 Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt -RRB- is quite possibly the most unique and innovative movie I have ever seen . These qualities , however , do n't always translate into a desireable end product . Happily in the case of this little gem the uniqueness is a breath of fresh air that you just have to see , fore no review I could ever write would do this movie justice ... it is that good ! Superb acting , superb filming and a fast paced story set to a pumping techno soundtrack keeps you utmost attention and leaves you begging for more ! This movie is in german with your choice of english or french subtitles , but the movie is so well done you wo n't even care it 's not in english ... buy this dvd , fasten your seatbelts ... and enjoy the ride !
 this movie is great for smart people , u halve to watch it closley and pay attention to every detail or otherwise it would just seem like a bunch of running , if you dont pay attention you 'll get lost . it goes through 3 times and little and big things change everytime . SO PAY ATTENTION
 The cool premise is of a single event replayed multiple times with only slight differences in timing yet very different outcomes . The extra reward is the viewer gets to see the ripple effects of how that difference in timing affects all the future life events of everyone who comes into contact with Lola for the briefest of moments or who already has a past connection to her.I rented this DVD 8 or 9 years ago and enjoyed it so much that I immediately watched it again , then without a brake I watched it a third with the director/star commentary on . Each time I picked up more engaging details and and it progressively increased my enjoyment even more . For a lower budget film I thought it was very clever , extremely well executed and Franka P. gave an amazing performance - her first to be shown widely to an American audience and with a star-quality performance that set her up for a future role in the 2 Bourne movies .
 Great Movie ! Really makes you think . It is based on the theory that every second of every day determins your ultimate fate and even if one second was different , it could change your whole life . There are twists and turns in this movie as Lola races to protect the destiny of her lover . Run Lola Run !
 Run Lola RunTremondous film.Indian film-maker , Mani Ratnam claims his film , ` Aayudha Ezhuthu ' was inspired by this film . Kurosawa 's Acclaimed ` Rushmon ' is the original inspiration for both . Franka Potente gives a stunning performance . You should watch the film in German with English subtitles . Never watch dubbed versions.It 's Rivetting . Recent Hollywood pulp , ` One Night at McCools ' starring Liv Tyler , John Goodman etc. is a lousy imitation . Though filmed on a shoe-string budget , the film teaches ` aspiring directors ' , particularly from India , how to create a CLASSIC . Though Franka Potente is now famous in her own right in Hollywood , this is one film of hers , which should NOT be MISSED !
 run lola run or lola rennt in german was a great movie about time and how much difference 1 second can make and oh how true it is for anyone who has expierenced fate in there life.it has a great soundtrack of both mixing of german techno and other forms to the american what a difference a day makes the movie flows well and there is no slow down time it is a great movie.the acting is good and make sure you get it in the german form with subtitles movies are not meant to be translated into other languages are dubbed it ruins movies . with the changing of scene to scene to scene you are surprised how great this movie mushes together and how much they really connect each time she runs is a whole new story which this movie pioneered all in all a perfect film great directing acting and sound there is nothing wrong with this movie.buy it if you like sci fi action mind screw if not you most likely wo n't like it or conservative republicans you wont like it
 I really liked this movie . Visually , it is a very beautiful movie . The characters , even the minor ones , are intriguing . The plot is exciting and revolutionary . And finally , the soundtrack is wicked awesome.Franka Potente is an amazing actress , there is more evidence of this in the Bourne Identity . She has lots of charisma and pulls you into the movie . Manni actually was n't too bad . He and Lola are both pretty weird people so its ok.Applause to the Germans , you 've come up with a really good one here ! Sehr gut !
 `` Run Lola Run '' is a magnificent movie set in modern day Germany . It is easily one of the best foreign films I have ever seen . It is entertaining and thoughtful and constantly keeps you visually engaged.Lola 's boyfriend , Manni , has lost 100,000 marks that he was ordered to deliver to his boss -LRB- an unforgiving gangster -RRB- in 20 minutes . If the money is not recovered and delivered within the time allotted , Manni will suffer a terrible fate . He desperately asks Lola for help in this race against time . She jumps around from one disaster to another desperately trying to help . We see three different scenarios of Lola running to save her boyfriend giving us a play on the chaos effect . Tiny details in Lola 's quest for the money ultimately change the result of the situation . As things change so do their fates , momentarily touched by her presence running by . The film is a visual display of Tykwer 's collaboration of camera , music , and story creating a display of cinematic emotion.The film illustrates a very different kind of female role that strays from the stereotypical portrayal of women . Lola takes on more of a male role as she desperately tries to be the hero in this situation . Her boyfriend is the one who seems incapable and asks for her help . The gender roles are essentially flipped and the stereotypes disappear from the female gender as we see classic beauty and attitude disappear as Lola runs through Germany . But surprisingly , at the end of the story , the female role is present and given to Lola as we see that Manni did not need her after all . They walk away together with Lola being the dependant female pretending that the chaotic journey never happened .
 I saw this movie on a listmania list and noted the high ratings , so I bought it and I 'm glad I did . Its unique format mixes media styles and throws in a few quirky twists just for kicks . It has all the strangeness and black humor common to Monty Python movies , but with a deadly serious and desperate quality that oddly enough works really well . I am usually pretty good at guessing what will happen next , but this flick threw me a few surprising curves . It is fast paced , so you will want to watch it again just to pick up what you may have missed the first time .
 I should mention I love foreign movies and I do n't mind subtitles . I thank my lucky stars for voiceovers on this visual masterpiece ! I wish everyone would have to see this movie . Lola has to get money - and fast . And she happens to get more than one chance . Interesting to say the least . Beautiful to watch to say more . You will never watch another movie that time flies by so fast ... which will make you not regret watching this even if you do n't like it . BUT - I guarantee that anyone and their mother will love this film . And watch it more than once , because it 's the little things . It is placement of scenery and the quick flash-forward slide shows . Intrigued ? Buy it !!! I will say no more than that this movie deserves more than the five stars I was able to give it !
 This film is amazing ... not only is the cinematography masterfully done , but also the many layers of the entire film . I especially love it on DVD because I can hear the director and Franka 's opinions about the film . Also , wide screen ... need I say more ?
 RLR is filled to the brim with all sorts of neo-techno effects , and the acting is brilliant . It 's definitely one of , if not the , best films out there .
 This is one of the best movies I 've ever seen . It was so fast-paced and interesting . Oh my god , you absolutely have to see it !!!
 I saw this film accidentally and since then I feel extremely lucky.Every part of this movie is amazing.The story is good , the casting is amazing , the director has made miracles ... etc. . The point is , that not only what u see is perfect but also the music that plays the role of pictures ' `` counter-part '' . I have seen this film 5 times . RUN ... AND SEE IT !!!!!
 Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt auf Deutsch -RRB- is an artsy film that some people might not get when they first watch it . I know it did n't until I watched it a couple more times.It 's a movie about what ifs and without giving the plot to the story , there are lots of repeating scenes of what would have happened if I had done this . It is an interesting film , and I would recommend watching it in the original German rather than the English dubbed version .
 Ich fand den Film aufregen , weil es hat viel Handlung . Diese Geschicte ist &uuml;ber Lola und Manni . Manni hat eine schlect Zeit , weil er ist dumm . Lola helft Manni , weil sie liebt ihn . Die Musik ist wunderbar .
 Every now and than you 'll find a movie that you can not get out of your mind , and Run Lola Run is one of them . It is one of the fastest 81 min . movie I sat through.There are a few movies that will hit you right , and Run Lola Run had me jumping up , dancing , and yelling at the T.V. needless to say that this movie did hit me right ... LOL !! I thought the acting , sound -LRB- please view it in German , the english track is off -RRB- , music -LRB- get the sound track it is incredible -RRB- , editing , and picture were all good.Because of this film , I have become a fan of Tom Tykwer , and the lovely Franka Potente . Tom Tykwer is a interesting directer . After I seen this movie , I went out and found the only other movie I can get by him called
 To me this is the most romantic movie in a while , The love between Mani and Lola is very sweet the movie is also the most original in a while
 As a film student studying to be a cinematographer , I am painfully aware of many films and their techniques . I can honestly say that this film was entertaining and exciting for both the film-maker and the cinema enthusiast inside of me . The film itself is wonderfully designed in both the story and the way the film was shot as well . The Blu-Ray is breathtaking ; beautifully designed and mastered.Plot DesignI hate it when plots are revealed to me , so I 'll try not to spoil anything here.The plot was an interesting look on the decisions that people make every day and how those impact others that they encounter . The director used interesting twists and seemingly unrelated concepts to advance the plot , which was nice since he allowed viewers to develop their own concepts and theories about what is actually happening.Film DesignThe cinematography and montage design of the film was excellent . The techniques that they used with soviet constructivist design and intensified continuity heightened the sense of urgency that the film was getting across for most of the film . The shots were beautifully designed , taking some long shots with amazing colors that pop right off of the screen on the Blu-Ray . Blu-Ray NotesThe menu in the Blu-Ray is functional and themed appropiately with the film . The special features are n't really aything to shake a stick at , but it 's nice that they were included nonetheless . The English version of the film with the re-dubbing is not very good at all , as is true for most dubbed films . If you 're seriously going to watch the film , I would suggest the German audio with the English subtitles . Also good to note that the Blu-Ray has a great commentary with Franka and the director .
 This is a great , fast-paced movie . I was initially skeptical of watching the same 20 minutes depicted three different ways , but this movie won me over from the beginning . Run Lola Run has style and energy , and I really did have a blast watching it.The music , the photography , the editing -- everything contributes toward a very fast film experience . After watching it I felt like I needed to do everything as quickly as possible . Loads of fun.One of the great things about it is that it stands up very well to repeat viewing -- watching it the second time was just as rewarding , possibly even more so , as the first . The interconnection of all the events in the film is much more clear the second time around -LRB- though not being as clear the first time does n't hurt the film in the least -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 Run Lola Run was most definitely the alternative hit movie of 1999 . While many movies were excellent in the past year , this stood head and shoulders above most of them . A little , comparatively low budget film , its director Tom Tykwer -LRB- with his meaningful , if not literal , film debut -RRB- and strangely intriguing star -LRB- Franke Potente -RRB- draw you into a world of possibilties , 3 possible possibilities to be exact.While Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- spends three 20 minute sections of the movie running , frenetically rushing about to save her boyfriend Manni 's -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- life , the movie shifts from tripped out cuts to animated interludes all to a pulsating techno soundtrack . The viewer is taken along with Lola to experience her choices , even the most subtle , and how they affect not only the outcome but also the world around her . Woven into it , however , are Lola and Manni 's life together and throughout the film , bits of their psyches can be pieced together to discover their very realistic relationship . The way Tykwer incorporated character development into three 20 minute hyper-paced acts is brilliant.Run Lola Run is definitely a star film of 1999 . It deserves to be seen on the big screen , but the DVD or VHS widescreen would be acceptable substitutes , as certain things are lost to the pan & scan cropping . Make sure to steer clear of the dubbed version ; even those of you who hate subtitles will thank yourselves .
 Run Lola Run is n't well served on a small TV screen and its energy is diminished when experienced at home , but this is a truly excellent DVD edition.A small criticism is in the chapter-selection screens . Though the division of the film is quite logical , the layout of the pages is quite bad . I also could n't figure out how to turn off the commentary track after turning it on , forcing me to take out the disc and restart the machine to restore the original audio.But now to the legions of good points . The commentaries by Tom Tykwer and Franka Potente are righteously involving , both director and star eloquent and affectionate about the film . -LRB- It 's especially amusing to note that they seem reluctant to acknowledge that they are dating . -RRB- The technical details Tykwer offers are great for a deeper understand of the execution , and their anecdotes are fun , well phrased , and exciting . Thumbs up to the commentary tracks . There are also biographies on each , subtitle options , and the picture quality is good though , again , if you missed this in the theatres , you did n't quite get the full impact of this movie.Run Lola Run was an enjoyable experience for me at the theatre and , much to my surprise , has grown on me since . Potente 's lead performance is Oscar-worthy , emotional at just the right moments and comic and spunky at others . Moritz Bleibtreu is wonderful as the bumbling Manny , and the script is a great innovation . The music-video stylings sometimes detract from the story , but as a whole , it 's like a whole new way of seeing the world and , technical innovations aside , the movie is fun , comedically superb , and involving on a human level , a rarity for such a technically oriented film .
 This is a brilliant film . Lola the played by Franke Potente is a Red Haired -LRB- not natural if you know what I mean -RRB- freaky type who gets a call from her boyfriend Manny who is frantic telling her he lost a bag of money that he was taking to Renni a bald headed cimminal type . He states he has 20 minutes to get the money to Renni or he is a dead man . Lola tells him to stay where he is and she rushes out of her home to find $ 100,000 or is it in Deustch Marks ? Anyway this is a very clever story that takes place in real time . So you may be thinking if the movie takes place in real time does it only last for 20 minutes ? HMMM , you will have to see the film . The highest recommendation . I would watch it w/o subtitles first then watch it with subtitles . German film 5 plus stars No need to watch it before you buy it . It is easily worth the money
 This review refers to the DVD edition of `` Run Lola Run '' -LRB- or `` Lola Rennt '' -RRB- ... I had been meaning to view this film for quite some time . I had heard many good things about it , but kept putting it off . From what I knew of the story , about a girl only having so much time to save her boyfriends life , I was expecting something more like the Johnny Depp film `` The Nick Of Time '' . So when I finally got around to it ... wow . . was I surprised and delighted by this cinematic treat . -LRB- and I was mad at myself for not watching it before this ! -RRB- It 's one of those you want to watch again immediately.The film is heart pumping , creative , innovative and fresh . The story will have you thinking about it for quite sometime . Our heroine Lola , finds herself with only 20 minutes to save Manni 's life . It seems he has accidentally lost a huge some of money and the men it belongs to are not exactly the forgiving kind . He frantically calls Lola , as she is the one with the ideas.Lola immediately goes into action to try to prevent the horrors of what will happen if Manni does n't come up with the money . So right from the start we are intrigued to see if she will pull it off.The film does n't stop here though , it 's just beginning . In 20 minutes , many things can happen to alter the course of a life . ` What if 's ' are the question here . What if that car was just a little slower , or what if a conversation went just a little differently ? These are little things that can make big differences when it counts . It 's a roller coaster of a ride , as we watch , and cheer for Lola , as she attempts to change the fates.The photography of this film is exceptional . Imagine trying to keep up with a running person all the time , and still coming up with incredible shot after shot . The music is fabulous and very much a part of the story.Franka Potente -LRB- Barbara from `` Blow '' -RRB- is wonderful in her performance of Lola . Directed by Tom Tykwer , this German film is a must see for anyone who loves foreign films or just fine filmmaking.The DVD is presented in German -LRB- DD5 .1 or Stereo Surround -RRB- , with English or French subtitles . It may also be viewed in English -LRB- also DD5 .1 and 2.0 -RRB- if you prefer . There 's a music video and commentary by both the Director and Potente that may be viewed during the film . It may be viewed in either the original theatrical widescreen aspect ratio or a full screen version . I highly recommend the widescreen that takes in all the great photography.Don ' t miss this exhilarting ride ... go for it ... Lauriealso recommended : Winter KillsLuzhin Defence -LRB- Full Screen Version -RRB- Blind Horizon
 Run Lola Run -LRB- called Lola Rennt in its native Germany -RRB- is the movie that perhaps best defines the dissafectionist undercurrent present in the final decade of the twentieth century . Set in a stark urban landscape , it proceeds at the same frenetic pace as its protagonist - scarlet-coiffured Lola - as she attempts to save her boyfriend 's life . Lola 's frenzied desperation is echoed in the beat-driven techno-style score , and through the jerky camera work and rapid shot sequences.Instead of 90 continuous minutes of flowing film , Run Lola Run is split into three scenarios , with widely divergent outcomes . Manni has inadvertently left a bag containing a large amount of money destined for a Berlin Mafia syndicate on the train . He rings his girlfriend , Lola , in a panic , telling her that he needs 100,000 marks in 20 minutes or he 's as good as dead . Lola hits the ground running and the three segments follow her quest for fast cash.The movie ponders the age-old question of how one seemingly insignificant action can alter the course of destiny ; in this case it is Lola 's differing interactions with a boy and his dog on the staircase of her apartment block -LRB- shown in a cartoon -RRB- at the beginning of each scenario that sets the scene for her subsequent varied modes of action . Director Tom Tykwer lets the camera do the talking , and the sometimes overwhelming barrage of verbosity thrown at the viewer in so many modern films is thankfully absent here.Among the many interesting features of the movie is the use of the flash-forward sequence . Minor characters are given depth by the use of a fast-paced photo montage showing what the future holds for them . It is touches like this , which make this film a cinematic masterpiece and a contemporary classic .
 I loved this movie . But do yourself a favor -- do n't read the other reviews here ! Some of them give away too much ; I saw this movie without knowing anything about it -LRB- the exact recommendation was `` You have to see this movie NOW , and this is now than anything I ever nowed at you before '' -RRB- , and I think that I was more able to enjoy it that way.I 'd also like to comment on the fact that , more than in almost any other foreign movie I 've ever seen , you forget that you 're reading subtitles to the extent that you can almost remember the characters speaking in English afterwards ...
 Run Lola Run is a supercharged , ultra-kinetic roller-coaster ride that twists , turns , and boggles the mind with its remarkable profoundness ! Lola is a shocking redheaded punk with a memorable scream , and the film all starts out with a really frantic phone call from Lola 's boyfriend , Manni . He needs to deliver 100,000 German marks to his mobster boss Ronni in 20 minutes , or he will die a most definite death . From then on , Lola literally races time in three separate scenarios to save Manni 's life , so the movie basically ends three times . Although this movie looks all rock-video , MTV-style from the outside , it actually has a profound message behind its unusual exterior . Plus it 's got one of the most heart-racing soundtracks I 've heard in a long time . This is probably my favorite movie -- next to The Matrix , of course!Rated R , but it does n't deserve to be . It has a few profanities , some violence , and a couple non-explicit discussions about sex . But that 's it . This movie will appeal most to people between the ages of 12 and 25 . It also often looks or sounds too weird for people to be interested in it , or they just scoff at the fact that it 's in German with English subtitles . But you have to look beyond that in order to appreciate this movie . If you rated it less than 5 stars , you only looked at the outside , and in the third scenario , you were just too dizzified or disappointed to really see what finally happened . But you can still believe whatever you want .
 Using the ` Multiple lives ' concept , ` Run Lola Run ' tells the story of Lola , who has 20 minutes to find the money needed to save his boyfriend 's live if he does not pay it . The movie shows 3 alternate realities -LRB- or ` runs ' -RRB- which all start with Lola receiving a phone call from Manni -LRB- his boyfriend -RRB- asking for help , she leaves her house and start running to help him . Each ` run ' while following the same path presents different situations according to Lola 's timing while running with different results each time.The transfer to BD is simply stunning , featuring video 1080p HD/1 :85:1 , the colors are vibrant and Lola 's hair never looked better , the video quality is such that details not noticeable in the DVD can easily be spotted on Bluray . For example , there is a scene where Lola is laying down on a street , in that scene is quite visible that the color of her hair was achieved by coloring over the film as you can see areas of her hair not colored equally . There are also some scenes that were recorded with a grainy filter -LRB- like the scenes at Lola 's father 's office -RRB- . The detail and the grain was not that noticeable in the DVD compared to the rest of the film not using that filter.If you have seen this movie before you should know about how great the soundtrack is and how well it fits with the story being told , well , the German Dolby TrueHD 5.1 track included does justice to the incredible soundtrack . Portuguese and Spanish 5.1 are also included , though even with the small annoyance of subtitles , I rather watch the film in its original language.Same as the DVD counterpart , this release does not include many extras but the movie alone and its excellent transfer are very well worth the upgrade .
 The details of Run Lola Run have been laid out by countless reviews , and since even the unfavorable ones -LRB- very few -RRB- stillseemed to like the movie I chose to rent it , then buy it , thenbuy the CD soundtrack . For a week I 've been stuck in a loop ofwatching the DVD at home , listening to the CD in the car , etc.To make matters worse , I 've been promoting the film to all and sundry.Why all this fuss on my part about a movie with a thin story line and short running time ? Because as pure entertainmentit works ! Like a roller coaster ride that lasts only a short time , the viewing experience stays with you in snippets of music or flashes of video
 That 's really the only word for this film . Energy , action , running.I bought the DVD because I had loved it when it first came out on video -LRB- foreign films do n't usually make it to theaters in my area -RRB- . I loved it again when I watched it after I bought it . Besides Lola being attractive enough to hold your attention while doing all that running , the story never lets you rest.If you have n't seen it , Lola 's -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- boyfriend , Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , has just lost a bag of money meant for his mobster boss -LRB- the dope left it on the subway -RRB- so he needs 100,000 marks in the next twenty minutes . It is up to Lola to find the money and get it to him . If she does n't arrive by noon , he is going to rob the nearby grocery store -LRB- which supposedly makes 200,000 marks a day , and so would have 100,000 by noon . -RRB- She mentally goes through everyone she knows and decides on her father , who works at a bank . Her moped was stolen recently , so that 's out . -LRB- She does n't bother to ask anyone to borrow a car , but that 's a small gripe . -RRB- So she runs.And what a runner she is ! -LRB- One wonders how much training she did for this film as she seems barely to break a sweat . She simply shines . -RRB- The story takes the path that , depending on luck , time , and actions , each decision you make leads to a different result . We are shown three possible outcomes of Lola 's trip to her father 's bank and her subsequent run to meet Manni . All three hinge on small changes in how she gets down the stairs of her apartment building . Everything from that point on is different in small enough ways to greatly affect the end result . Changes are even evident in how the action affects the people whose paths she crosses -LRB- we know because we see successions of snapshots depicting their lives after this incident -RRB- . All the while , there is this terrific electronic music playing in the background , not so that it 's annoying , but enough to add to the feel of speed that the film has . -LRB- I also bought the soundtrack and keep it in my CD travel case . -RRB- All in all , a superb film and one that I think anyone interested in avant-garde cinema with a high energy level would enjoy .
 Run Lola Run would have to be one of my all time favourite movies . It is one of the most innovative , and original movies I have ever come across . I could never really tolerate euro-techno until I rented this DVD . The music was composed by talented director/writer Tom Tywker and performed by his leading lady -LRB- on - and off screen -RRB- Franka Potente , who is brilliant and charismatic as Lola . The story is simple
 I bought Run Lola Run on a whim , and instantly became a fan of Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- and Tom Tykwer -LRB- Director/Writer -RRB- . Lola is an amazing story of just how far we will go , and how hard we will try for those we love . The film is constantly in motion , as Lola has 20 minutes to get 100,000 DM$ or her boyfriend Manny 's life will be in jeopardy . The 81 minute film covers these twenty minutes , and does so in a very interesting way . I became so immersed in the film , that I began to forget the characters were speaking in German . There is also an English dub available , but the German sountrack is superior . The image on the DVD is excellent , and the commentary is also worth a listen . Definitely worth the price of admission .
 I did not expect a 50-year old like me would find this move awesome , but I did . The techo-beat during most of the film kept my body moving in rythym with the beat . The subtle songs in the background by the star -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- fit perfectly in the scenes in which they were inserted . The best part after watching the DVD three times was the commentary by the director and by Franka Potente . Their insight into the challenges of filming on a tight budget and trying to get permission to film in varous parts of Berlin was entertaining . Best part number 2 was the music video by Franka .
 Run Lola Run is perhaps one of the best films to come out of Germany . The film shows the audiance an endless world of possibilities , coincidence , and irony that can occur as Lola has twenty minutes to find 100,000 Deutsch Marks to save her boyfriend 's life . Three different runs are shown , each with its own unique impact on the life of Lola and the characters who she encounters in the twenty minutes . Although very artisticly done , it can appeal to many audiences with its wonderful mix of humor , drama , and violence . I highly recommend the dvd over video since one has the option to watch the movie in German or English , with -LRB- or without -RRB- English and French subtitles .
 This is one of the freshest films to appear in years.It hit the UK about the same time as Sixth Sense and Blair Witch so that was a great month and now it 's out on DVD.Okay basic Story Lola has 20 minutes to get the money to save her slightly dim boyfriend Manni.Since 20 minutes does n't sound a lot to fill in 90 minutes you 'd be forgiven for thinking it might be a bit slow.Not a bit of it the pace it keeps up is breathless -LRB- not unlike Lola -RRB- and the film oozes class and style from every shot.Amongst the best touches are the snapshot life histories of people Lola bumps -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- into . In 20 seconds you see the rest of that persons life elivating the extras into charactorsThe main problem I have with this is the English dubbing while fine for Lola and Manni it does n't really work too well on some of the minor charactors , for preference watch it in German with English subtitles if you need them -LRB- I do need them as my German is lousy -RRB- Do n't be fooled if you see the same adverts as I did by the way I saw a review claiming the film has three different endings this does not mean that you are getting anything new from the cinema release it mearly means some wideboy in marketing is chancing his arm.Also on the DVD is the video for the song I believe -LRB- not my favourite from the soundtrack but still worth a listen -RRB- , cast profiles and a directors commentry -LRB- the commentrys a bit weak but what the hell he made a great movie we 'll let him off -RRB-
 I just rented the subtitled version of this movie -LRB- after it was consistently unavailable at my local video store for the past three months -RRB- . Other renters must have been holding it hostage . Absolutely loved it ! Watched it three times back to back . Will definitely buy this gem at first opptortunity . Any die-hard Hollywood moviegoers squeamish of arty , foreign language films will need to get over it if they 're ichin ' to see a first-rate action/adventure movie . And I loved the music as well -LRB- the soundtrack is also a keeper ! -RRB- . The music played an essential role to the story-telling -LRB- especially in the beginning where it sets the frenetic pace -RRB- . I can go on and on about it , but just watch it and see for yourselves . And I strongly recommend the subtitled version . I have n't seen the English dubbed version , but I found that the German version added to the richness of the story 's setting -LRB- at least it did for me -RRB- . Enjoy !
 What difference do our choices make ? What is the role of fate ? Watch this movie and find out!After seeing this movie I had to say , Wow ! Steven Spielberg once said that you can judge a movie 's worthiness by turning the sound off and evaluating it after watching it -LRB- or part of it -RRB- that way . This film passes that test and then some . The plot is not complicated but the way it is presented is thought provoking and riveting . The soundtrack is impressive . The imagery and color are vibrant , crisp , and rich all at the same time . I do n't buy a lot of movies but I immediately purchased this one and the soundtrack on CD as soon as I finished watching the rental DVD.This is the kind of movie that will start popping up in film studies and philosopy classes !
 I saw this film in Amsterdam
 I believe the movie does well because of the premise of the Movie.The premise in this point is the background ie * the music , the Running & the fates that that lie in the endings ... That being said I have not seen this movie since it was in the theaters , so I may be ambiguous & therefore this may not be the best review & I will be open to critiques.I like this movie & reccomend it to anyone who is in the mood for something different ...
 Besides being a strange but most interesting movie , the music is just great
 This movie made me laugh harder than most movies I 've seen in recent memory.I 'm currently learning German , and in this movie I could not hear certain words said . And other times , words are spoken so quickly it was hard for me to understand.Despite these things , this movie has one additional thing
 Choice of dubbed or subtitled , went with subtitled , and as with all good foreign language films , got into the film enough to not even notice.The pumping soundtrack drives the film along nicely , the two leads are both very good , and the film is quickly set-up and running.The twists of fate , are amusing and quirky , and you cant help but finish the film with a grin on your face .
 A very creative , smart , hip , and stylish film . The soundtrack is excellent -LRB- if you like techno -RRB- .
 This soundtrack is so good , many other films -LRB- and commercials -RRB- have taken from it . It provides a true adrenaline rush , and captures the essence of the film ... so if you have n't , see the movie ! At least it will give you something to talk about .
 Even if you do n't speak german it does n't take a lot of effort to follow what 's going on . This is a very fun movie with good acting and an entertaining soundtrack . Action , drama , comedy
 Both cast and script were perfect . The movie kept you on the edge of your seat , not knowing what to expect-from any of the three separate endings . I have my favorite ending but wont spoil the movie by telling which.Lola and Manni ... two typical young people in a relationship , sucked into something bigger than the both of them . During the drama you watch their relationship change . Lola 's glass-breaking shriek was the thing that drove me to the movie from the previews . I wanted to see what that was all about and I did . Stopping time and changing events . It was all good.Great Sunday-go-to-the-movies flick .
 Run Lola Run is sort of like a work of art , as far as movies go . The movie has three separate storylines . I myself , think that this movie would be better with only one , but oh well ... that 's not the way it is . Lola is sexy in a strange kind of way with her red hair and everything . This movie is worth owning just to look at Lola ! This movie would be better too if it wasnt so badly dubbed in English . All in all it is a good movie and I recommend it for anyones collection . The soundtrack is good as well .
 Run Lola Run is an intense suspense film . When Lola 's boyfriend looses 100,000 DM from a drug drop and has to have it by noon he calls up Lola in desprate need of help . After suggesting to rob a grocery store , Lola pleeds with him not to and the movie kicks into three senarios of what may happen . Every time Lola gets the money , but it 's a question of if she gets it there too late or if her or her boyfriend might even die first . The soundtrack is also amazing adding for an even larger on-the-edge-of-your-seat sensation .
 This movie left me on the edge of my seat and short of breath . Once just was n't enough in the theater . I just had to see it again on the big screen . I never used to be into movies with subtitles . But the effect just is n't the same as it is in its native tongue . Just when I thought it 's over , it just takes you on another turn and another and another !!! If you like fast paced , unpredictable action with a soundtrack that fits its movie like a glove , this one 's for you .
 I thought it was good , I was considering on wether or not I should rate it a 5 or a 4 . A 5 because I thought it was cool , different , and interesting , but possibly a 4 because once or twice in the movie I said I was bored , but it was only at the scenes where it was repeating itself and nothing new happened . Besides that I thought the changes were interesting , the way of filming was cool -LRB- and the music -RRB- , and different because I have n't seen one of these different scenario ending type movies since Clue where the killer would change at the end . It got me mad because some people were giving it 1s and it definately does n't deserve a 1 , at least a 2 , even if you did n't like it because the I can understand why some do n't like it , but it 's not a 1 . So I would at least rent this before buying because people have different like and dislikes , but you should definately rent it , you 'd be surprised at how bad the preview for this movie looked ... but after I saw it I liked it . So do n't judge this movie on the preview which just had a bunch of running , screaming , and shooting scenes .
 only people who actually think throughout the course of the day need to buy this movie . it 's fantastic , but it wo n't do much for drones and zombies who live most of their lives without ever developing any insight on anything . It 's interesting and entertaining at the same time , and it leaves you to consider how time plays such a big role in our lives and our encounters w / people . If you do n't buy it you should rent it b/c it will get you to thinking .
 This is an amazing movie & the musical score is fantastic ! The story is really captivating & keeps you on the edge of your seat ... love it !
 Its a movie that get you from the begining also the music its great . its a great way to see how life can change for any reason .
 When it turned out that they had no more cheap copies of the movie `` Run Lola Run '' with no box they not only sent me a copy with a box for the same price but also included a Soundtrack CD from the movie for no exrta charge !
 We have a strange category of movies in our house
 Timely delivery , good condition , great film . And for me that 's saying something because I 'm not really into European Cinema ... but it 's fast paced , fun , and challenging . Definitely worth watching .
 I usually HATE the lightning-fast , quick-cut edits in modern movies . It always reminds me of either TV commercials or mindless music videos . RUN LOLA RUN uses this technique in a way that I never thought possible , by giving us a story w / heart and soul at blazing speed ! LOLA -LRB- Franka Potente from ANATOMY and CREEP -RRB- is a warm , emotional woman w / a fast mind . LOLA 's boyfriend is in dire trouble , having lost his gangster boss ' money . Now , LOLA finds herself in a frantic race against time , attempting to accomplish the impossible in 20mins ! If movies have to be at light-speed , then they should be like this ! Flawless and ingenious ...
 Original - fun - breathless ... A film & a script very not conventional !! Great !! Not to miss , , , ,
 This is a stunning film.The story is simple and spans a period of only twenty minutes . Lola has to raise 100,000 German Marks or her boyfriend will die , and the film tells the story of those twenty minutes through three different storylines . Each reflects the effects of slight changes , moments of delay , minor deviations , alternate choices and each plays out the effects these have on the future.We see how the future is written and rewritten by a glance , a moments hesitation , and act of chance connection or disconnection . Three stories are told , but we glimpse the infinity of stories that could and are taking place in every moment and the chain of interconnections that mean that each change changes everything.The film style matches the frenetic intensity of the impending deadline . The music and cinematic style create an energy such that the viewer does n't simply view but experiences the heart pounding exhaustion of the race against time.It is a film that lays before you the immensity of opportunity that exists in every one of our moments , if only we are alive to see them.I found the name of this film scribbled on the back of a piece of paper deep in a jacket pocket . How long it lay there and quite what chance made it surface and not be discarded or overlooked is of course the story of the film . I thank whoever it was that gave me the note and heartily pass on their recommendation that you must see this film .
 `` RUN LOLA RUN '' is a Film that Grows on You . One story three different scenarios , Exhilarating as I watched Lola Run and Run through the City towards three different Endings with subtle differences between each version ; by the time the third one began ... `` OH NO , NOT AGAIN ! '' ... I was exhausted perspiring and in need of a Brake , but she kept on Running and Running ... you see TIME is the Essence for Lola as the song goes ... `` What a difference a day makes twenty four little hours '' , By the time she was done Running I was all worn out sweaty and confused . One of the most absorbingly exciting Films I have seen in a long time . Check out the Cool music Video in the DVD Special Features . Now , if I could only SCREAM THE WAY LOLA DOES !!
 When her boyfriend , Manni , loses 100,000 German marks that belong to his mafia boss , Lola has just 20 minutes to somehow find that impossible amount and bring it to him before he does something dangerous . She can run fast , but it may not be fast enough to save his life . Combining animation , snapshots , vibrant colored film , with video and black and white sequences , Tom Twyker tells an exciting action adventure love story , that marked a new era of German and world cinema . The intensity , the colors , the music , all brought together in an avant-garde style that combines classical storytelling techniques with MTV-era edits , is unique and exhilarating . It 's like a music video and video game and fairy tale and art film , all rolled into one . It 's likeLast Year at Marienbadon speed , where the intellectual intrigue and excitement is matched by real and visceral thrills.The film opens with a quotation from T.S. Elliot , juxtaposed quickly with another from a famous German soccer coach , suggesting up front the film 's aims to transcend the distinction between popular and high-brow entertainment , poetry and sport , art and action . In my mind , the film succeeds tremendously . The acting throughout is strong , but Franka Potente channels Lola with a combination of fierce determination and vulnerability that is fascinating to watch.The opening scene establishes the philosophical dimensions of the story , with a light touch . Images of anonymous humanity , with emphasis on a seemingly random few individuals here and there , are accompanied by a narrator . Human beings ask endless questions , and every answer provokes new questions . In the end they all come down to a single question and a single answer
 It 's amazing what you 'll buy when retailers sell DVDs for four bucks . The cool thing is that you can completely trash your expectations . Heck , I could n't rent it twice at blockbuster for this money . Needless to say , I jumped in with both feet and landed safely into a film I thought was pretty cool . Let 's run with Lola !! - DUBBA DUBBA ... I had to watch the dubbed version . I started with subtitles but this is a very visual film . The limited dialogue simply sets the stage for the physical action and reinforces the point of the film . So , it was more important to watch the action than hear the actor 's actual German voices . Most of the dubs were fair enough accept for Lola 's boy friend ; `` GODDAM # IT ! HE 'S GON NA KILL ME !!! WHAAAHAAAAHAAAA !! '' . After that scene it got better.-THE POINT OF THE FILMThough not a completely new concept , the film revolves around the idea that one little word , act or decision will dramatically change your fate and the fate of others . This film , though a bit overly deliberate -LRB- what , we Germans ? -RRB- still managed to be unique . I 'm not even going to tell you how this is presented because that 's half the fun.-A FILM OF FAIR QUALITYI would never call this great film making . However , it 's not at all bad either . Like the concept , the execution was fairly deliberate . I thought this made it more fun . The acting was at least adequate , the story was unique enough and it actually had some exciting visual dynamics without going over the top ... ... most of the time.-JUDGE NOT LEST YE BE JUDGEDWell the heck with that . This film is full of stupid people . Of course the question is never asked ; `` how could they be so stupid to begin with ! '' I guess we 're expected to roll with the premise as it was set up . That 's ok , but it certainly lurked in the back of my mind that these are not particularly good people we 're investing our emotions in . That kind of ruined the ending for me . Possibly the dumbest thing about Lola is her unique talent which borders on being a super power ; just ridiculous.-INTERESTING ANIMATIONI almost feel like I 'm giving too much away by mentioning that there is animation at all . But it 's too late ; there are animation sequences in this film . They were actually visually exciting and accentuated the entire concept of the film . It was almost like `` Schoolhouse Rock '' meets `` Lizzy Maguire '' meets `` The Simpson 's '' ; very Euro-groovy . Please ; no smart remarks about me even knowing about `` Lizzy Maguire '' . I do have a young daughter after all . Anyway , I actually liked these somewhat crude but stylish interludes.-WAS MUSS ICH DENKEN ? -LRB- What do I think ? -RRB- I thought it was `` sehr gut '' . It is actually a riveting film that has lots of action and only a little violence -LRB- mostly running , duh ! -RRB- . If you like unique story telling with good production values and fair acting this might satisfy you . The ending is a bit irksome to me for reasons I do n't want to explain here for fear of spoilage . However , it was inevitable considering the type of people we 're dealing with . I recommend watching with the dubbing due to the visual nature of the film . I found it helpful anyway . If you can buy it for the same price I did , all the better . So hop on the Lola express ; BOOM CHUCKA BOOM CHUCKA BOOM CHUCKA ... Actors ... 3.8 starsVisuals ... 4.7 starsStory ... 5.0 starsAverage ... 4.5 stars
 and more advanced ones , too.ACTION
 I use to work for a music store in SF that also sold and rented DVD 's so I 've seen my fair share of films including many foreign films and this by far is my favorite . I rented it and then immediately purchased it and forced my roommate and friends to watch it . Some were skeptical , but they all loved it.Truly a one of a kind movie and it certainly does Not need to be remade . Lola was also the inspiration for my cat 's name . I spent days musing over names and was still undecided . Then out of sheer desperation I turned to my ever growing DVD collection and scanned over every title for a possible name until I landed on this one . It was/is a perfect fit.Even if you do n't usually like foreign films I think you should give this one a look . Though if you become a Franka Potente fan because of it and want more then please steer clear of one of her other films The Princess and the Warrior . In addition to Run Lola Run I rather like her in the Bourne Identity .
 Run Lola Run is a little German film that became an international sensation when it was released in 1998 . The film stars Franka Potente as neon-red hair colored Lola who is literally running through most of the film as she tries to save her boyfriend 's life . Manni is working his way into a criminal organization , yet we can see that he is a genuinely good guy . Manni is supposed to bring 100,000 marks to the dropoff - but Lola is late picking him up . Thus starts a chain of events that ends disastrously , but begins again.Manni leaves the money on a subway . A bum steals the bag . If Manni does not come up with the money in twenty minutes , he will be killed . He phones Lola from a phone booth , sobbing . He wants to rob the store across the way . She says , No , Manni , Wait for me . I am coming and I will think of something . Her father is a bank president , but his relationship with his daughter is not good , and he has problems of his own , as we can see . Family and human relationships are portrayed excellently in this film . The acting is great.In this way , Run Lola Run is disjointed and post-modernist . People who prefer their story given straight up will say this film is weird . My husband did not like the mix of animation , techno music , and backwards/start over time frames.Which version of events is the real one ? That is up to the viewer . One thing is for sure - you will be cheering for Lola as she runs .
 I borrowed this movie from my friend to kill some time at work and though he had explain the plot ; I still loved it ! What he told me did n't exactly tell me what to expect . Espeically how well the music is cordniated with the film . The speical features include a great video ; which is of the lead actress 's song . The other features did n't interest me so I did n't check them out . If you liked the books that you can choose the outcome like go to page 8 or 16 you 'll love this movie . I intially watched it in English Dub audio but the lips were totally off and the voices sounded so weird , so I watched in German with English subtitles . I did n't mind the subtitles . I do enjoy forgein films , so if you like them too , buying this DVD would be a great addition .
 Run Lola Run is a German film made a few years ago that basically took American cinema by storm . Sure , it 's not the most well-known foreign film , but it certainly had a TON of buzz in film and pop-culture circles . Granted , the film is n't for everyone . First of all , it IS in German with English subtitles -LRB- which seems to turn off some people -RRB- . Secondly , the film is very post-modern , incorporating techno music and animation , not to mention a crazy sequence of events . So , if experimental film is your forte , buy this movie!The plot involves a heist-gone-wrong and yes , you certainly see A LOT of Lola running . And in actuality , the film is like three short films that are very similar but not exactly the same . The film is an exploration in how changing just one tiny thing in your life can have an effect on the entire grand scheme of things . The Ashton Kutcher film , `` The Butterfly Effect '' explored this same motif , but with far less captivating and enjoyable results.This film works on many levels . It 's easy to understand but also has a depth to it that will have you talking about it with your friends for a long time . I watched it in a college film class , but it would also be enjoyable to the general film enthusiast .
 While watching this move for perhaps the 8th or 9th time I realize that foriegn film makers just know how to do things right . This movie keeps you going from beginning to end . It amazes me the drivel of films that we get here in America . Whenever I am out I make a point to get my friends to go see somethng out of the ordinary and nine times out of ten , the result is fantastic . Usually resulting in the viewing of brilliant fare like Run Lola Run . The story in this film is filled with more thought than ten `` blockbusters '' could provide you with . If you like this film check out Monsoon Wedding , The Devils Backbone , Best In Show , The Professional and East West to name a few .
 Run Lola Run completely blew my mind away . Every time I see it I get excited and taken to another level by watching it . Run Lola Run is a German flim put to a techno soundtrack.Lola has 20 minutes to find 100,000 marks or her boyfriend is dead . Perhaps that may sound like a cheesy premise , but the script goes above and beyond that . It deals with life , love , the choices we make and most especially chance . One of the most interesting features of Run Lola Run is that whenever Lola interacts with another character , picture flashes are shown of their future because of their split-second encounter.There is a connected flow to the movie . I do n't want to give away the special set-up this movie has , so all I can say is that it blew my mind and will probably blow yours . Bring yourself to another level of awareness and SEE THIS MOVIE .
 A must see . -LRB- But only in German with subtitles -RRB- A beautiful young woman -LRB- Potente -RRB- must save her boyfriend from thugs by coming up with 100,000 dollars . The catcher of this one is the movie is divided into thirds . It shows her being a few seconds ahead , a few behind and on time and how just a second or two can affect a persons whole life . The pace is exhausting and the techno is thumping as you are submersed in a world of multi-angle camera shots , animation and dazzling editing . Following Potente through 20 minutes -LRB- x3 -RRB- of her world is sheer exhilaration .
 I just want to say that when I learned that my German class was going to watch Run Lola Run , I thought it would be another boring foreign movie . It was just the opposite . It left me on the edge of my seat the whole time and it has a triple bonus with three endings.I liked it so much that i went and got it immediately after I saw it . So go get it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This is absolutely my favorite DVD that I own . There has never been any movie made like this one -- totally unique and engaging . Tom Tykwer 's film really sticks in your head , as you follow the lives of two main characters , and see how one little event in time can change the entire tragectory of their fates.This is an excellent , amazing , artistic gem that I want to get two of , just so that if I lose one , then I 'll have a backup !
 If life could be that way , we were all having a few chances to make things right .
 Although it is in german when you have the DVD you can change languages to english . The base of the story is Lola 's boyfriend must get a whole lot of money in 20 minutes . HOW ??? well thats the whole plot.It starts out with this wild cartoon and then turns into the `` real life '' which it is the most of the movie . The movie is a non-stop whirl-win of fun . The excitment and action -LRB- not explosives -RRB- is great.I own this movie and although i dont watch it all the time I do find myself going back and watching it whenever i want to see a good action/excitement movie . It has a good plot and the way the movie was put together is new and vibrant . The music supports the film very well also.I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to talk about doing stuff but doesnt because then you can dream you are Lola on this journey but you never really would be !
 This is one of those movies that make you think . It makes you wonder and ponder that one question ... what if ? The other point that this movie makes is that and I quote Lola `` With love you can do anything '' . She makes a good point and that is what this whole movie is about . Finally the last point is that the soundtrack is so friggin good . It has the best techno beat that I have heard since Blade came out . The only recommendation I would make is to pay for advanced shipping because you need to see this movie .
 All I can say is `` Wow . '' After viewing Run Lola Run once , I was sucked in . And now , after having seen it at least 10 times , I still love it just as much as I did the first time . I 've seen this movie so many times , I swear I can speak fluent German ! It quickly became one my favorite movies of all time . First off , the greatest part of the film is Franka Potente . What a great actress . She makes Lola a believable heroine , and she makes you want to dye your own hair flaming red . She 's tough and fearless , and will do anything for the love of her life . The movie plays out 3 different times , each time with a different ending , but every time with one goal
 the film run lola run is n't just good , it 's exellent . yeah , yah , everyone says that about their favourite movies . but this movie is truly spectacular -LRB- even my spoiled north american teenage male friend loved it -RRB- . if he can love a movie , it 's got ta be really good.the film 's fast pace and great beat won the hearts of directors around the world and sparked a new genre in movie making . this movie is n't just a film ... it 's a genre !!! franka potente -LRB- my massive crush -RRB- , is so excellent as the spunki , german heroine , lola . she radiates -LRB- and sweats -RRB- as the dasher in deutcheland.the story tells of two lovers , who are very much in love . when manni -LRB- lola 's boyfriend -RRB- loses lots of money -LRB- in german currency -RRB- thatis tobe delivered to his mob bossi in 20 mins , lola must race to the scene to save her true love.if your not won over to see it yet , just wait . because there is a certain element of true direction that will take you for a rollar coaster of a ride through germany -LRB- and i 'm not telling .
 This is one of the best foreign films of all time , next to Amelie , Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , Amores Perros , and Hard Boiled . It is the most fast paced movie I have ever seen , and a unique way of showing things . The soundtrack is great , and the pace is one of the best ever . Though it is a 81 min . film , it does not seem rushed , it seems like Lola did everything she could and you as well as her are satisfied .
 Furiously fast-paced and set to a throbbing techno soundtrack , Run Lola Run is shot in the energetic style in which music videos are filmed . In that , it reminded me of MTV , except with far more substance and underlying themes of fate and destiny . A young woman , Lola , receives a call from her boyfriend who is working for a drug lord . He lost the 100,000 marks he was supposed to deliver to him , and has only 20 minutes to come up with the money . Lola sprints off into a manic attempt to save him , and the plot halts . Then it shows three different outcomes , based on slight changes in Lola 's path . Run Lola Run is one of the most original films I 've ever seen , and Franka Potente is incredibly sexy in it . Five stars do n't even serve this masterpiece justice . Highly recommended !
 I liked the movie . It has a nice story which is a hearing girl is born to death parents and is a story of her life.My sister-in-law , who signs , had a hard time following the subtitles and the signing . She ca n't watch two things at once . This is trivia but my sister-in-law says the German signing is slightly different than American , makes sense .
 I almost did not rent this movie , but was pleasantly surprised that this was a foreign movie . I rent a lot of foreign language movies to get away from the Hollywood schlock . I rank this movie with Wings of Desire and Das Boot among the top German movies . My version of the movie was subtitled but that was not necessary to tell the story . This is the story of a woman 's love and what she will do for her man , to the point of refusing to die herself and refusing to let him die . By force of will , Lola shows us how deep a love can be . The music is not something I would look for on a CD but it was certainly a driving force and fit so well . Also Lola had me exhausted in the first part of the movie with her running but as the movie wore on it became subserviant to the storyline . The repeated scene of Lola and Mannie after what must have been sex ties the movie together and establishes their relationship . The 81 minute length of the movie was perfect , you can get too much of a good thing . I do n't know why this movie is `` R '' rated unless it is for violence , but come on , what little violence there was was not gratuitous . I hate to waste 2 hours watching a bad movie . Lola was filling and satisfying in 81 mins .
 Fast-paced and gut-wrenching , `` Lola '' is definitely one of the best films of 1999 . Creative , exciting and fresh , it has the viewer in tense expectation all throughout the 80 minutes . A Must-See !
 ` Run Lola Run ' was one of the best movies of 1999 , IMHO . The creativity behind everything from the plot twists , to the music -LRB- the soundtrack , by the way , is fantastic ! -RRB- , to the animated cut-ins , to the soccer analogy absolutely blew me away ! This movie is pure fun and excitement ; do n't miss it !
 While I do n't particularly care for sub-titled movies and did n't think I was a ` techno ' fan , I LOVED this movie . It 's very fast paced , extremely clever premise , great soundtrack . I am recommending it to everyone I know . It 's one of those movies that you want everyone to see so you can talk about it !
 While I do n't particularly care for sub-titled movies and did n't think I was a ` techno ' fan , I LOVED this movie . It 's very fast paced , extremely clever premise , great soundtrack . I am recommending it to everyone I know . It 's one of those movies that you want everyone to see so you can talk about it !
 The same characters the same setting the same time frame . One decision by Lola . Who lives ? Who dies ? Very Cool Movie .
 Completely absorbing and hypnotising ; this is the single best movie I have ever seen .
 A great film . Lola is a cool , the action is riveting , the music is great , the acting is wonderful and the filming is clever . The DVD is particularly good because there is a great music video featuring Franka Potente and commentary by Franka and Tom Tykwer , the director . Also , only on the DVD can you watch the film with letter box . The last shot of the movie just does n't work with pan and scan . Enjoy !
 I dont think I can actually say enough about this movie to tell you how fantastic and perfectly grand it was to watch . I think having over 50 customer reviews with an average 5 star rating says it all ! I bought the movie just off the basis of my friends reviews , and now the movie is on my top ten list of the best movies I have seen . The cinematography , the plot , the music , the actors ... all were excellent . I could n't find a single flaw or even a `` they should have done this ... '' This one is just too good to miss .
 Wow ! What a cool movie ! I wo n't write a plot description because you can read it elsewhere but the concept is great , how minute changes in circumstances can create very different outcomes in life . When you take your next walk in the city or around your neighborhood , think about if you took a different turn than you decide on would you possibly bump in to someone that would totally change your life ? That 's what this is about . And that does n't even mention the inventive direction and terrific performances . Check this one out . AVailable in dubbed or subtitles .
 Satya marks a serious departure from the fun and upbeat Bollywood romance movies that I 'm used to . It 's a essentially a gritty look at the criminal underworld in Mumbai , with a great cast to keep it believeable.J.D . Chakravarthi 's portrayal of the lead character Satya is great , but the standout actor in this film is easily Manoj Bajpai . Bajpai is charismatic as crime boss Bhiku Mhatre , in the best acting performance I 've ever seen in Hindi cinema.From what I understand , Director Ram Gopal Varma had initially envisioned this movie without any musical scenes , but had to include them to make sure the film would be distributed . I thought the musical numbers were decent , though I still believe that this would have been a better crime drama without them . Otherwise , Sandeep Chowta 's score works great for this dark movie about the seedier side of life in Mumbai.I 'm not from India , so I personally ca n't attest to the authenticity of the film 's portrayal of crime and police brutality in Mumbai . I can only say that this was an excellent crime drama with an amazing cast , and one of the best gangster movies ever shot in any language .
 THE original movie about Mumbai 's organized crime underworld . In my opinion the only outstanding movie by Ram Gopal Verma . Highly recommended .
 This is one of the best movies to come out of Bollywood . The heart of the movie is a love story in the context of the `` real '' world.It portrays a response of the have-nots . Slums , crime , injustice , power-play depicted in a way that only an insider can.I wish the same thought process gets applied to other themes as well . `` The Godfather '' without the pretensions .
 FLYING DAGGER -LRB- 1993 -RRB- came out at a time when `` wire fu '' costume fantasies -LRB- in which the actors , hoisted on wires , fly back and forth during their swordplay/kung fu battles -RRB- were flooding the Hong Kong market -LRB- SWORDSMAN II , BUTTERFLY AND SWORD , KUNG FU CULT MASTER , DRAGON INN , etc. -RRB- . It was n't the first comedy in the genre , but it remains , arguably , the funniest of them , easily surpassing HANDSOME SIBLINGS and ROYAL TRAMP I & II . Boasting enough fighting & flying thrills to engage the action crowd , it 's a typical HK melange of comedy , romance , fantasy , acrobatics , and swordplay , yet is very well put together and utterly delightful from start to finish.It tells the story of a race by opposing teams of bounty hunters , Big Dagger and Little Dagger , and their female rivals , Big and Little Bewitchment , to track down wanted criminal Nine-Tails Fox and his wife , Flying Cat . Eventually the two teams join forces to bring the criminals to justice , only to find out that the wanted parties were framed by Master Lui who had initially hired Big and Little Dagger to pursue Fox . This all leads to a big battle at the end with seven good guys fighting Master Lui and his two super-powerful henchmen . In the course of it all , the male and female bounty hunters pair off romantically.Hong Kong comedies are often hit-and-miss when it comes to actual laugh content , but this one is full of clever and inventive gags throughout . Some of the best gags involve the disembodied hand of `` Never Die , '' one of the villains the heroes encounter . After being chopped off , the hand lives on and chases the heroes , often grabbing them in spots they do n't want grabbed , but eventually it becomes their ally and helps them out of rough spots . Think of ADDAMS FAMILY 'S Thing as an action hero and you 'll get the idea . And the trick effects are easily as seamless as those of the ADDAMS FAMILY.The good-looking cast is full of top Hong Kong names , most notably Jacky Cheung -LRB- A BULLET IN THE HEAD -RRB- as Nine-Tails Fox and Maggie Cheung -LRB- IRMA VEP , IN THE MOOD FOR LOVE -RRB- as Flying Cat . This is easily one of Maggie 's best action roles and ranks alongside her work in DRAGON INN . Tony Leung -LRB- also in DRAGON INN -RRB- and Sharla Cheung Man -LRB- ROYAL TRAMP -RRB- play the older bounty hunters who pair off , while the exceedingly cute `` little '' partners are played by Gloria Yip and Jimmy Lin , who bring to the film an attractive dose of youthful charm .
 I would not hesitate to recommend this film to anyone who can overlook ridiculous plotting and laughable situations to concentrate on the main strength of this film , the incredible amount of FUN involved.I 've watched this film so many times and every time it just makes me crack up . I mean , where else would you get a film that has shades of `` Evil Dead II '' with its dismembered hand running about attacking people and a decapitated invincible kung-fu master walking around bumping into things after losing his head , next to scenes of laughable comedy such as the character `` Nine Tails Fox '' who , armed with a long fluffy tail connected to his backside , can defeat enemies with his special move known as the `` Fox Farts '' . You can guess the rest and believe me silly does not even begin to cover it.The plot follows the exploits of two brothers who are bounty hunters on the trail of a master criminal for a substantial reward . The only problem is that they are not the only ones after the reward . Two female witches make the inept bounty hunters lives a misery before they realise that the only way to catch the villain is to work together . Various bizarre and surreal sub plots twist their way around the main storyline , making the film a little hard to follow in places , with people turning up out of the blue only serving to complicate matters even further . But overall you can not criticise the scriptwriters for coming up with something totally original and unpredictable.The name `` Flying Dagger '' is appropriate as the over the top wirework has the characters spend more time in the air than they do on the ground . These fight scenes are very well done if you like your fighting hyper kinetic with super speed editing and characters literally flying all over the place with amazing speed . It all makes for a wonderful spectacle . Blood flows freely in a totally over the top comic book fashion so it is hard to take it seriously . The film could n't be classed as gory as it always seems to be well balanced with the comedy scenes so the film never gets too dark . Serious martial arts film purists may be put off by the light hearted tone of the picture , but if you 're after a film that is fast , fun , hugely entertaining and completely surreal , you ca n't really go wrong with `` Flying Dagger '' .
 Flying dagger is one of the funniest movie I have seen this year . The main character in the movie seem weaker than Jimmy character . It seem that bad things always happen to the main character . As for Jimmy , he often get to do all the fighting . I think the girls in here are not good looking . Overall the movie have great comedy and the only good looking person in here have to be Jimmy Lin .
 Great game ... poor price for an ESPN broadcast . None the less a great championship game !
 I do this video 2-3 times a week and find that I get as good a workout as doing almost 45 mins of freeweights . When I am done with this one , I feel my muscles burning . This is the first time I have seen anyone do a set of exercises one at a time and then incorporate them all together . YOu do a set of bicep curls , then lateral raises , overhead raises and tricep kickbacks . Then you do 2 of each all together . It was fun to do them that way . This tape goes really fast and I would recommend it to anyone who is short of time , but want to do some strength training .
 I love this Leslie Sansone video ! This is exactly what I wanted and did n't find until now - a simple workout to target my upper body with simple tried and true exercises , No barbie dolls in skin tight spandex doing impossible girations that a normal person ca n't do . I would definitely buy this again , and willl recommend it to friends .
 My cable was out , and I missed my favorite shows . Thank goodness for Amazon where I could watch them and not worry about viruses or signing up for a monthly fee . Thanks !
 Gossip Girl had another good season ! Ca n't wait for the 4th season ! If you like season 1 & 2 u will like this one too !! The finale was awesome . .
 I absolutely love Gossip Girl ! The books were awesome but the show is even better . It is my favorite show & I never miss one . I think that season 3 was the best season so far . I own all the other DVD s and i CAN NOT wait for this DVD to come out . I will be at the stores right at 9 AM when they open & I will watch every single season .
 I ordered this product , and it came pretty promptly . Placed the order on a Friday , and it arrived by Tuesday . The discs are in pristine condition , the case has a few tiny scratches , but overall , the set is almost like new.Definitely am satisfied with the set and the service .
 The item was exactly what I ordered and the person who received it as a gift loved it . I 'm happy !
 Ordered for my stepdaughter for Christmas at her request.Arrived very quickly and new as stated.She has watched the series already and loves it - so will ahve to give this an A + . Thank you
 Spotted our favorite upper east siders nd there juicy gossip filled lives the upper eastsiders r back better then ever this season the upper eastsiders r now dealing with the real world high school is over nd the real fun begins for them now child 's play is over there gon na play with the big boys now u know u love me ... Xoxo gossip girl
 I always have and always will love Gossip Girl , and this season was no different . I look forward to next season which starts in 2 days !!! If you love Gossip Girl you will love this season no matter what anyone else says , Gossip Girl always keeps you guessing . XOXO
 I purchased this item for my grandaughter to update her collection . She was well pleased with the gift which gave her many ours of relaxing enjoyment .
 Although the item took longer than expected in terms of delivery the product and quality is perfect .
 arrived a lot quicker than expected and was in condition that was stated . Thanks and I would buy from again !
 I think this is a great series . One can watch it and not really have to think too much - I find it very relaxing .
 Let me start out by saying Gossip Girl is one of my favorite shows on television . I find it to be absolutely delightful , a definite guilty pleasure . Seasons 1 and 2 were 10 out of 5 stars , and after the season 2 finale , I was anticipating season 3 to be the best year yet . I mean , Chair finally happened !! But something changed in season 3 . Blair was no longer the Queen B , and I feel like she became a slightly weaker character , which really upset me -LRB- She was always my favorite -RRB- . Serena , especially in later episodes , became more of a spoiled brat , then the charming Serena of previous seasons . And Jenny , oh Jenny , please cut your hair and wash your face before you return to the Upper East Side in Season 3 . I could hardly stand Jenny whenever she came on screen.However , the show was still very good . We got to see an entirely different side of Chuck Bass , which I loved . He had a wayy sexier haircut and wardrode as well this season . But , he finally grew up . I still loved all of the Chuck and Blair scenes , they were adorable . Nate , too , finally seemed to grow a backbone . And of course , the season was wrought with OMG moments , especially the finale . All in all , it was still a very good season , just not quite as good as the previous ones . I still recommend it of course , and look forward to season 4 .
 22 Episodes on 5 Discs Widescreen , released August 24 , 2010 `` When high school ends , real life begins . `` Thank goodness ! Having never watched `` Gossip Girl '' before , I was a little leery of it to be honest and am glad I started with this season . The cattiness of high school is ridiculous because it 's all drama for no reason other than a mythical hierarchy of status and in this case greatly increased due to the upper class status of these New Yorkers with family money . All but one of the main characters have graduated and are trying to find their place either in college , in business , or in politics . Real life comes with its own problems and responsibilities previously unheard of for the spoiled few and when old tricks do n't work anymore , it 's time to learn new ones . Playing games has much higher consequences away from the safe realm of high school.Getting ahead of myself as usual . The series of `` Gossip Girl '' follows the Upper East Side elite for scandalous situations and is based on a book series of the same name by Cecily von Ziegesar . . There is a narrator who is an unseen character that puts out a gossip column online to instantly spread the word about juicy gossip to the masses and apparently has everyone 's cell number sending out instant texts . That aspect of the show is probably the most unrealistic but the narrator 's judgemental tone voiced by Kristen Bell and insults help tie scenes together and include the occasional , `` Uh-oh , Queen B , looks like things are heating up around here ! '' in case we did n't catch what just happened ... All the characters are either related , have dated , or have been pining away for each other . If two characters have n't gotten together yet , they probably will at some point . As soon as two do get together , it 's usually over within two episodes unless it 's the dynamic duo of Blair Waldorf and Chuck Bass.Blair used to be the Queen Bee of her high school and believes she should rule college the same way but quickly finds friends ca n't be bought and value substance over status . Chuck Bass used to be a party playboy and dangerous antihero but finally admitted to Blair before this season started that he loved her making him a monogamous boyfriend . When two big egos get together they clash regularly , but when they stay on the same page , they are a social force to be reckoned with.While her motives are ridiculous , Leighton Meester 's performance as Blair Waldorf quickly became my favorite . She is manipulative and shallow but also very funny without realizing it when she tries to hatch schemes and fails , but it 's even more amazing when she succeeds . She has an adorable doe-eyed look that makes it very easy to get what she wants and appear very innocent . Even though she has graduated , she still has help to follow her around in the form of Dorota Kishlovsky -LRB- Zuzanna Szadkowski -RRB- who has been more of a mother to her than her own mother but gets ordered around and treated badly by her from time to time . One of the most telling scenes into Blair 's character is when the two are playing chess with Dorota calling out moves and she catches Blair cheating out of the corner of her eye but says nothing.It is easy to see why all the women love Chuck Bass played by Ed Westwick . He is n't much to look at in the beginning , but it 's more about a style and personality and especially about the deep , sexy voice . He is not as diabolical as Blair and cares most about surpassing his late father by starting his own empire by buying a hotel and wants to make his fortune before his father 's peak age . He has a smart mind for business and wants to do it all himself without Blair 's games and connections to be a self-made man which is difficult for her to understand but admirable.Blake Lively plays Serena van der Woodsen , the beautiful blond bombshell of the show that always gets herself into terrible situations . She has this vulnerable damaged goods appeal and has about five or six relationships easily just over the course of this single season . She is Blair 's best friend and rival and when presented with a decision always seems to pick the worse choice . It all boils down to Daddy issues as she spends most of the season wondering why her real father does not want to be with her . Blake Lively appeared in the `` Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants '' movies and will be the love interest in the upcoming `` Green Lantern . `` Sound like a soap opera ? It pretty much is . Characters have very short story arcs , get together , break up , find love in another 's arms . Occasionally larger plots involving family carry over , but the whole series is like musical chairs . When the music stops , you do n't want to be standing all alone so you find someone to make you feel less lonely.A few other characters to take note of
 I 'm a coming-of-age genre fan , so Gossip Girl is right up my alley . The season started a little slowly , but it picked up pace toward the end . Mostly it was the same-old , same-old , just with grown-up clothing and with more serious consequences for actions . Still , I recommend it to anyone who has followed the series , because the last half of the season left several dangling threads for season 4 . And from the promo , season 4 should pick up right where 3 left off , which I think will be better than the gap between 2 and 3 .
 It 's pretty much all been said already , but I go with the majority who agreed that the first two seasons were better . Maybe I need to rewatch S1 and S2 again , but it felt like there were far more subplots going on this season and trying to keep up with who was loving and who was fighting got on the nerves . Jenny trying to be Blair just does n't work - for one , the show has clearly moved past high school with most of its leads in college , so we do n't even see her in that h.s. setting for much of the show . Toward the end , she had been dropped into an adult world between the fashion industry and parties , and she looks like a little girl turned creature of the night in a downward spiral.Since I rarely can watch the show during the regular season , I always get caught up when it comes out on DVD . The show did keep me hooked over the long weekend , and as always , it 's so beautifully done . All of the crew deserves pats on the back for how amazing all of the parties , cotillions , galas , etc. looked -LRB- you even get a Bonus Feature on it -RRB- . Leighton Meester as Blair -LRB- while losing some of her Queen B edge , but the girl does have to grow up sometime -RRB- remains my favorite character , as well as Ed Westwick , who had another banner year as Chuck Bass . It 's always fun to watch those two at work . They have such wonderful chemistry and really make you believe they are a couple . Serena remains a mess flitting from one guy to the next , only now she 's a mess with Daddy issues . I thought Penn Badgeley 's Dan grew up quite a bit this year , now if he can only stay away from always being Serena 's knight-in-shining-armor . I do n't think the parents were as drama-filled in previous seasons , so they also got in on all the drama - so much so that I had to fastforward through them . I watch for the young adults , not the older adults who you would think would know better!All in all , good season , not the best , but still very entertaining !
 Gossip Girl may be in the genre of teen programming but it 's a show that transcends it 's genre in every way imaginable . Sure , the plot can certainly get juicy and that 's certainly part of the shows fun and charm , but it 's in the writing and acting where it really shines . The show is so perfectly cast that sparks fly just as hard and fast as the best HBO , AMC and Showtime have to offer . I know these are big words for a CW show , but if you have seen all three seasons , you know them to be true . Pair the stellar cast with the wit and dramatics of Josh Schwartz 's writing and you have the makings for great TV . The highlight of season 3 is the progression of Jenny Humphrey . Taylor Momson turns in such a harrowing and true performance of a teens downward spiral that it 's one of the more compelling story lines of the 09-10 TV season . Her arch always rings true and ends on a cathartic note . Gossip Girl can be trashy but only in it 's racy content . This show is well written , wonderfully acted , crisply shot , has fashion eye candy galore , and plenty of wit to keep everything going down smoothly . Trust me , Gossip Girl is a lot of fun and a show that is a seriously well made guilty pleasure . Watch it .
 Great season !!! ca n't wait to own it but ill wait until it goes down on price -LRB- believe me it will b around 20 bucks in a little bit -RRB- . The guys are in college and its exciting =-RRB- . I loved Chuck n Blair 's relationship and sorry if some of u got bored with it but HELLO thats how being in a couple is . But towards the end of the season i realized Chuck needs to really appreciate Blair and give her more respect , chuck will always be chuck and now i think Blair needs a new guy . -LRB- chuck sleeping with Jenny was DISGUSTING ! -RRB- Blair is my fav . and even though she seemed weak at the beggining of the season she learned how to b strong n survive without being queen B.I HATED JENNY such a whore ! I 'm so glad she is gone n i hope she is gone forever ! in season 2 she seemed to have changed but season 3 was just ridiculous she was so damn annoying and immature , wanting to b with the grown ups haaa ! really silly girl ? no . Nate was too nice with her.Serena n Nate was a MISTAKE , I did n't like that at all , but i rather her tan jenny.Dan n Vanessa =-RRB- lovely , they r good together , hope they bring her back on season 4 ! Dan N Serena again ? PLEASE NO , give us something new ! Serena changes men like underwear , yeah she likes diversity = S and she swears she is in love every fcking time . Dan will be better off with Vanessa or even alone.Waiting for season 4 i think its going to be good =-RRB- AND why do they need to bring Georgina back ? = S i hope she will vanish right away every time she is back there 's trouble .
 Ever sense I started watching this show back in 07 I have been wanting to collect the whole series and sense it 's over I am doing exactly what I wanted . I ca n't wait to have a marathon during spring break .
 DVDs came in perfect condition and were packaged and sealed . It arrived quickly with no trouble at all . Thank you sender !
 Gossip Girl , The third season , DVDS , New . I loved it . The Product was in excellent condition . I received it quickly with no problems .
 it came quick had all the packaging it was to come with . worked properly . one disk had a small scratch but once it was buffered out it worked just fine .
 Received this product without incident . There were a bunch of episodes that I 'd not seen . Very glad I purchased this .
 I love Gossip Girl and I saw that amazon.com was the best way to go considering everywhere else it was averaging about $ 45 - $ 50 to buy the season . I love the fact that it came a day earlier than expected too . i love this product and your considered a fool in my book if you dont take advantage of amazon 's price . So go for it and buy it !!!!!!! = D
 As we all know Gossip Girl is a fantasy of glamorous people in fantastic settings who get involved in the most precarious of situations . This season , as the rest , delivers tantalizing drama that will satisfy even the guiltiest of our pleasures . -LRB- Blaire and Chuck together , enough said -RRB- A must have for the gossip girl , twilight , or CW fan of any type . Happy viewing ...
 Season 3 was mostly about chuck and blair in a relationship and while i ADORE those two , I kept waiting for the next episode where there will be some HOT chuck and blair sex like in season 1 and 2 but alas , it NEVER happened ! this royally PISSED me off but like the title of this review implies , I love chuck and blair and they are the ONLY reason I watch gossip girl . there were a lot of sweet moments and that was why i bought the dvd , also there were some slightly hot scenes between chuck and blair that were in deleted scenes . I LOVE CHUCK AND BLAIR FOREVER , NOW AND ALWAYS !!!!!!
 Gossip Girl is generally fun and indulgent , however this season sort of has a slow start . Plus the Rufus character is so schleppy I ca n't help but roll my eyes and think - shave and get a haircut dude . Stop wearing a style that looks like a grown out comb over - trust me I know . . my dad wears it the same way . But Chuck Bass has me hooked , and the fashion is so fun . Roll camera !
 I love Gossip Girl since the first time I saw it ... so i am looking forward to buying the next one : -RRB-
 True , the first half of this season is a little lame , but the last 6 episodes are worth it ! Its so good to see the gang back together again in the last couple of episodes . Ca n't wait for season 4 !
 I love being able to watch my favorite shows on kindle . Takes up no space at all and I can watch anywhere -LRB- especially commuting -RRB-
 I love Gossip Girl . This is one of my favorite seasons ! In great condition , defintiely recommend it to anyone who likes this show .
 The Cd are new , they were perfectly sealed , arrived on time , the packing was safe , the CD are of good quality !
 I 'm a big Gossip Girl fan and thought season 3 was great ! Loved seasons 1 , 2 , 3 , and 6 ! 4 and 5 were okay . ; -RRB-
 I bought this as a bday gift to my friend . The only downfall is that I did not have the option for gift wrap . The package was delivered fast and bought at the lowest price on the market also my friend said it was brand new no scratches in excellent condition so I would recommend this product!XOXO
 Honestly the CW makes the best shows ever ! I 've loved gossip girl until now . Once I saw the amazing price and the good deal I snatched it immediately ! This show is amazing and so was the customer service from the people I bought it from . Buy from them and watch the show ASAP !!
 Me encanta la serie y lo q mas me gusto es la rapidez en que me la enviaron . Mil gracias : -RRB-
 A + + + + + - Great Timing-Item that was expected-Safe and Promising-Overall wonderful!I would come back order from here again !!!!!
 i love Gossip Girl since it 's first episode ! you never know what will happen next ! it is amazing ! I love it ! Each season gets better and better ! Season 3 and 4 are THE-BEST seasons of Gossip Girl ! So , buy it ! you wo n't regret it : D
 Gossip Girl Keeps getting better and Better every season . This was one of the best seasons . Every episodes are shocking and loaded with real life drama . And the finale is a real shocker !!!! It is EXTREMELY RECOMMENDED to watch . ONE OF THE BEST SEASONS!HURRY UP AND ` ADD ' IT ! : -RRB-
 The Christmas episodes are always the best ... I have the other DVD of Christmas episodes of The Simpsons , and I love it ! The Christmas episodes are the only ones I want to own on DVD , but it is nice having the other winter-themed episodes on the DVD along with the holiday episodes . I 'm glad I do n't have to spend $ 40 on a whole season of The Simpsons just for the one Christmas episode I want . I wish more tv shows had Christmas-only DVDs available .
 This is the DVD 's other TV shows should release . Some of us love the Christmas episodes of our favorite TV shows & to be able to put in a DVD & see most or all of them is so much better than going thru a box set & changing disc 's for every episode.Our hats off to FOX . This is a great DVD and we 're waiting for the first one to arrive .
 I am really exited for this DVD of `` The Simpsons ! '' All of the episodes are pure gold ! `` Homer vs. Dignity '' is a good episode , but probably the worst of the four episodes on the DVD . In , `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' , A group of kids get trapped in the school the last day before winter break , Homer and Ned set off to recue them . '' 'T is the Fifetenth Season '' is probably the second best epidoe on the DVD . In it , Homer becomes caring and loving , and becomes the new `` Ned Flanders '' of the town . This of course really irks Ned . Finally , it includes my favorite episode , `` Dude , Where 's my Ranch ? '' where Homer writes a hate-carol to Ned . The carol becomes a huge hit . Despritly wanting to escape it , the family goes to the `` Lazy-Eye-Ranch '' , where Homer starts a war with the beavers who live at a near by lake , and Lisa falls for a 13-year old boy.In conclusion , this DVD is a must own for any fan of `` The Simpsons '' .
 I love these themed releases of The Simpsons , for myself I purchased the seasons sets , for my daughter , the themed releases , this way we can swop and enjoy to our hearts content.This collection is excellent , but then so would be any collection of The Simpsons , I only wish they would release a full collection of Treehouse of Horrors episodes , I would buy that twice , a copy for myself and one for my daughter .
 I can give nothing but a somber congrats to the dude who said the other dude was trash because the person called this DVD stupid . Who wants to wait six more years for the 17th season to make it to the DVD box set format . NOT ME , THAT 'S FOR SURE !!!!!!! Once again , thanks for calling the reviewer trash because he said this DVD is trash .
 This DVD is the best . It includes these episodes : Homer Vs. Dignity
 I wish Fox would get the rest of the seasons out quicker , but I 'll buy this just because none of these episodes have been released yet
 This is yet another scam by fox to make more money but if your a big fan you should buy it . It has 4 episodes and some of them are not yet realeased on the season DVDs which might be worth buying . It will most likly be like the other small simpsons DVDs . So go buy it when it realeases .
 For my part , I 'm a little puzzled at the people who rail against Fox for releasing this kind of themed compilation . Speaking as both a die-hard Simpsons fan and the father of two small kids , I 'm pleased as punch that these compilations are out there , because I flat out do n't have the money to buy all the complete season box-sets . Rather than accusing Fox of being greedy -LRB- let 's grow up people , they 're a for-profit business whose purpose it to make money -RRB- , I think they actually deserve some credit for realising that there are customers looking for smaller portions to feed our habit and hopefully get some of our favorite episodes . And , hey , if I do n't like the episodes they put on a particular set , the wonderful thing is that I have the choice to say , no I 'm not going to buy this . Maybe it is the greatest TV show ever , but it is still just a TV show , and a little perspective never hurt anyone -LRB- except maybe that Tron-like computer-ish perspective Homer got in that one Treehouse of Horror segment , that is -RRB- .
 I am very happy with the item I purchesed and the pakaging it was received in . It arrived a head of schedule .
 The vidoe is great the Simpsons rock Christmas 2 what more is there to ay if you love the Simpsons you have to have the DVD .
 Good collection of episodes for the price . My family members are big Simpson fans , so we like collecting both the seasons and the specials . Funny , funny stuff .
 The Simpsons -- Christmas 2 has four Christmastime episodes despite the fact that not all of these four episodes focuses on Christmas . However , the episodes are well thought out and funny with the exception of `` Dude , Where 's My Ranch '' which has cute moments in the latter -LRB- and longer -RRB- part of the episode only after the real laughs are over . The quality of the print is very good and the sound is fine , too . The plots move along very well and they will entertain fans of The Simpsons as well as newcomers . You do n't need to know too much background information about the characters to enjoy these four episodes ; and that 's a definite plus . The characters are nicely developed in an incredibly short period of time for the maximum amount of humor and action.Here is an outline of the four episodes ; and no , I wo n't spoil it for you ! `` Homer vs. Dignity : '' The Simpsons become financially destitute -- to the point where a financial counselor tells them they may have to declare bankruptcy -- several times . Desperate to raise much needed cash -LRB- he even sold the back seat of the car for money -RRB- , Homer takes advantage of Smithers ' vacation time to do increasingly humiliating acts for the money he and his family have to have . How far will Homer go to satisfy Mr. Burns ? Will Homer ever draw the line or does something else happen that makes Homer 's stunts for Mr. Burns go bad ? And , how does this story line tie into Christmas ? Watch and find out ! `` Skinner 's Sense of Snow : '' Watch for a hilarious spoof of Cirque de Soleil when it comes to Springfield ! It 's not soon after that an incredible blizzard snows the kids into Springfield Elementary . How do Skinner and the kids get along -- or will there be a tug-of-war between them ? Homer and Ned Flanders set out to rescue the kids , but their car is stuck in the snow and ice so it looks hopeless . What happens to Nibbles the hamster ? This episode has practically nothing to do with Christmas except for the very end where Lisa wishes the audience a Merry Christmas -- what gives ? It 's good ; but not tied into the holiday theme here . `` Dude , Where 's My Ranch : '' When The Simpsons go Christmas caroling , things do n't exactly go as planned . However , Homer writes a new Christmas carol -- and it gets noticed ! However , what happens when the song gets produced ? The answer may surprise you . When the family later on goes to a dude ranch , Lisa falls in love with young Luke Stetson . Will he return her love ? What happens when Lisa overhears the boy talking on the phone with Clara -- could there be a rival for the boy 's affections ? The laughs come mostly before Homer and his family gets to the ranch and it 's not a bad episode ; but it 's also not much of a Christmas episode . Sigh . Watch and find out ! '' ` Tis the Fifteenth Season : '' We see The Simpsons hanging out their holiday lights ; and then the holiday season gets underway for real when Mr. Burns ' nuclear power plant has `` secret Santa . '' Homer gets a bad reputation fast for being selfish and spending his $ 500 bonus on a fancy present for himself -- but what happens when he watches `` Mr. McGrew 's Christmas Carol ? '' Homer gets remarkably generous and kind -- will he be able to keep it up ? Will Flanders be pushed out of the spotlight and what might happen if Flanders IS outdone by Homer ? There 's plenty more action to this one ; so watch and find out!There 's also a bonus feature complete with storyboards from '' ` Tis The Fifteenth Season . '' It 's good for people who want to have a taste test of how these animated episodes are produced.Overall , The Simpsons -- Christmas 2 is very good ; but I ca n't give it five stars because these four episodes do n't always tie very well into the Christmas holiday . While I still recommend this for newcomers to The Simpsons and Simpsons fans who do n't already have these episodes , please remember that not all of this material is as holiday oriented as the title would have you believe .
 I love this dvd . The reason why I gave it a 4 is because in tis the 15th season , right at the end of act 2 my dvd skips to the end credits . Has any one else seen this problem ?
 My answer to this question is
 I teetered between 4 and 5 stars on this . A gentle , slow , and moving study of some none-too-bright bank robbers in the 1930s . Keith Carradine and Shelly Duvall are terrific , and their scenes together are alive and wonderful . Some of the surrounding acting and storylines are good , but not nearly as strong as the films center . Beautiful production design , and a feeling , as with ` McCabe and Mrs. Miller ' , of both tremendous reality , of ` being there ' , while still feeling Brechtian and ironic at the same time . There are moments where the radio music in the background -- used in place of score - is a bit on the nose , and a few moments feel forced or slow . But this is a unique , odd and special movie , examining thieves in the depression without any hint of glamorization on one hand , or forced empathy on the other , while still breaking our hearts .
 In general , robert altman is amazing with the realism of his films and this is no exception . One feels as if you are an observer in the time period and you can `` feel '' the emotions of the players . The actors are not made to be `` pretty '' as many of the big budget/big star products . They are , once again , realistic faced with issues of the times.The film is depressing reflecting a depressing period in america . I would recommend the film to anyone that enjoys the gangster era of bonnie & clyde .
 Keith Carradine as Bowie and Shelly Duvall as Keechie inhabit the mouldering hamlets of the 1930s south so naturally and unaffectedly that your throat tightens . This softer , dreamier Bonnie & Clyde-type tale -LRB- filmed in 1941 by Nicholas Ray as `` They Live By Night '' -RRB- stands , with `` The Long Goodbye '' at the pinnacle of Robert Altman 's extraordinary 1970s body of work -- even above `` McCabe & Mrs. Miller '' & `` Nashville . '' Shot like old sepia photographs by Jean Boffety , the film boasts extraordinary supporting work by Bert Remsen , John Shuck , the pre - `` Cuckoo 's Nest '' Louise Fletcher , and one unforgettable little girl . Why this masterpiece is all but forgotten is baffling
 Director Robert Altman accepted a tough challenge in deciding to do a remake of a film noir classic from 1949 . `` They Live by Night '' starred Farley Granger and Cathy O'Donnell and was directed by Nicholas Ray , who guided James Dean to his biggest triumph in `` Rebel Without a Cause . `` Just twenty-five years after Ray 's brilliant triumph Altman scored big with his sequel , which he called `` Thieves Like Us , '' which was the name of the Edward Anderson Depression novel from which the films were adapted . While the earlier drama emphasized the wide open spaces of Oklahoma and the dark , moody noir photography in which Nicholas Ray specialized , Altman put his own stamp on the sequel , moving the action from the aforementioned Southwestern state to the Southeast and rural Mississippi.Whereas Ray emphasized mood and photography to a greater extent , Altman focused on the social climate of the Depression days in Mississippi . Keith Carradine , the sympathetic figure of the film 's bank robbers , as was Farley Granger in the original , tells Shelley Duval , the slender young woman who falls in love with him , that yes , he had killed a man earlier and was sent to prison for doing so , but explains the circumstances . `` He had a gun and it was either him or me , '' Carradine explains . The statement summarizes the dire circumstances of the Depression in backwoods Mississippi , where survival was the paramount factor . Carradine , who played on the prison baseball team , is saddened that he will never have a chance to test his talents in the professional market . Duval holds out hope that perhaps he can , but he knows better . Carradine realizes he is a pawn of fate , having broken out with two seasoned professional criminals , opposites played by John Shuck and Bert Remsen . Shuck complains about his existence and takes to drinking heavily while Remsen , the oldest of the group at 44 , is from New Jersey and lets it be known that he regrets having moved into a life of crime . `` I should have been a lawyer and run for political office , '' he laments at one point.Remsen 's game plan is to engineer enough bank holdups to create a big enough grub stake to enable the team to split up and lead prosperous existences far removed from criminal enterprises . Carradine continue worrying about Shuck as the weak link due to his chronic drinking and complaining.Eventually , as in the earlier version of the film , the young couple eventually must function on its own . Shelley Duval hopes that she and Carradine can forge a new life but the fatalistic young man who would have preferred playing professional baseball is a fatalist during a Depression filled with fatalists.One clever element that Altman provides is using radio broadcasts of the period to bring the movie into sociological perspective . We hear the reassuring words of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt seeking to bring the nation out of its economic doldrums along with the considerably harsher words of fiery radical Catholic priest Father Coughlin . In one scene Carradine and Duval engage in tender lovemaking during a radio rendition of Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet , a sensitive artistic touch.Altman collaborated on the script with noted novelist and screenwriter Calder Willingham and one of the director 's regular collaborators , Joan Tewksbury . The script never loses sight of Depression struggles and the solitariness of pawn of fate Carradine and his loyal partner Duval .
 You can pick this video up , new , for about two bucks . Its like getting a novel for a dime and thats fitting since this is a film set during a time when novels were a dime -LRB- and cokes a nickle -RRB- . This film will make you feel like you are in another time and in another place . I suppose that price tag is proof that this film does n't get much respect but that lack of respect , that underdog independence that marks so many of Altman 's films , is just part of their appeal . I can see why this film is kind of a lost classic , because THIEVES LIKE US takes place in a time and place that you do n't want to be in . In the rural Mississippi of the 1930 's people do n't have many options , everyone 's just scraping by . The only glimpse of glamour in this world is provided by the radio . The radio is simultaneously the thing that describes the world and also transforms the world it describes by making everything ordinary seem sensational and larger-than-life . It almost seems that since nothing ever happens in this backwards Mississippi world crime like radio is just a way of relieving the tedium . Many of the radio programs involve dynamic capers and crime stoppers and when the three thieves read about themselves in the newspapers its almost like they have transcended their mundane surroundings and have become part of that glamourous radio world . Of course we can see that they have n't . And of course the Shadow knows it too.The three thieves are just ordinary guys -LRB- no Clyde Barrow among them -RRB- . In fact they are each almost painfully plain and they all seem to know it and this is part of their rebellion against not just authority but against life itself . Bowie -LRB- played by Altman staple Keith Carradine -RRB- is the only one of the three who has any imagination ; but his imagination is awash in youth and vague dreams of romance and of playing pro baseball . He was convicted of killing a man when only in his teens but its like nothing ever seems to bring this dreamy kid with his head in the clouds to earth . After he escapes from prison he gets separated from the other two and spends the night beneath a bridge cuddled up with a dog . Its his boyish ordinariness and innocence -LRB- despite what hes done -RRB- that gains and keeps our attention . When he meets Keechy he seems oblivious to the fact that she is the very embodiment of depression era squalor , all he sees is romance . And its to the sound of radio programs that these two consummate their union . With the equally hopeless and equally dreamy Keechy its like he 's finally encountered someone who allows him , even encourages him , to dream . But we know there is too great a distance between the dream and the reality and that the two will eventually prove to be incommensurate.This is a movie about a younger America -LRB- c. 1930 's -RRB- but its an America that feels old before its time . Its a depression era crime story that takes place around drug stores and gas stations and musty hotel rooms . Its about an America without hope . The radio programming is a constant reminder of the contrast between `` America '' the self-aggrandizing propaganda machine and `` America '' the fallen , corrupted , and squalid realm of broken dreams . The whole film -- from prison escape to final showdown with the law -- feels muddy . The divide between what we hear on the radio and what we see with our eyes puts a constant strain on us . We know that the thieves must perceive it as well and this is why we end up rooting for them ; we want something in reality to equal the fiction.THIEVES LIKE US provides a strange contrast with THE LONG GOODBYE which is about another 1930 's archetype -LRB- detective Phillip Marlowe -RRB- adrift in an always sunny 1970 's California . I think the 1930 's attract Altman because they mark the end of that organic America , the America that existed before the crass commercialization of the American soul was complete . Altman characters -LRB- Keith Carradine in Thieves Like Us and Nashville , Elliot Gould in Long Goodbye -RRB- are anachronisms ; they each are possessed by a kind of nostalgia for a simpler time , and , for a while anyway , they seem to be capable of living in a cocoon world of their own making , but whether they realize it or not they are caught up in the same web of corruption that snares everyone.Between THIEVES LIKE US and THE LONG GOODBYE I would say I prefer the latter but these two films should be viewed together . The one seems to lead to the other and both lead to NASHVILLE .
 Nice to see this classic finally get a DVD release in the US . Altman was at the top of his game in the early 70s -LRB- between MASH and Nashville -RRB- and this movie fits in perfectly alongside such classics as McCabe & Mrs Miller , The Long Goodbye and California Split . Great performances from Shelley Duvall and Keith Carradine dominate this gangster film that 's much more interested in the two young lovers than in bullets or blood.A must-see for all Altman fans . For collectors , be forewarned by the short shelf-life of the California Split DVD and grab your copy now .
 This movie , a better rendition , if you ask me , of the whole `` Bonnie & Cllyde '' type of story , with Shelley Duvall practically owning the movie as Keechie , the quirky love interest of Keith Carradine 's Bowie in this film , was made THIRTY-THREE YEARS AGO by the late , legendary Robert Altman . All things seem to come together nicely in this film
 `` Thieves '' is getting its first U.S. release on DVD . Robert Altman convinced UA to finance the pet project by promising to do its country music project `` Nashville '' -LRB- which the studio later discarded ! -RRB- . Keith Carradine and Shelley Duvall star in the tale of some 1930s band robbers who are just plain folks , unless they 're packing heat . The movie 's leisurely narrative means a lot of the time we 're lying low with the gang -LRB- Carradine , John Schuck and Bert Remsen -RRB- , playing with the kids and watching the dishes get washed . In a great touch , the soundtrack is made up of radio shows from the era , like `` The Shadow . '' `` The pace is different than you 'd do -LRB- today -RRB- , '' Altman says in an equally leisurely DVD commentary recorded in the mid - '90s . `` Unless it was a film out of Europe or something . `` Altman recruited cinematographer Jean Boffety , in part because the Frenchman actually was excited about photographing backwoods Mississippi . Altman went in for a lot of `` screendoor '' atmospherics and dewy greens . `` It feels like an old movie , '' the director observed , watching it two decades later . Also , `` These people -LRB- onscreen lovers Carradine and Duvall -RRB- were n't big stars . '' The story came from the novel by Edward Anderson , which Altman and screenplay collaborator Joan Tewkesbury followed closely . Then , it was off to `` Nashville . `` The DVD looks just OK . Audio is fine .
 This was the first Robert Altman film I ever saw . The realistic re-creation of the period and the `` no-acting '' acting sucked me right in , thereby ` hooking ' me on Altman -LRB- and Altman-ish -RRB- films forever.The remarkable transformation of Shelley Duvall 's `` Keechy '' from greasy-haired , floppy-eared picayune in the background to Leading Lady is one of the elements of the film which make it unforgettable.Louise Fletcher is flawless as the matron Mattie , cautioning her children to mind their manners even as bad news looms darkly over the dinner table.The DVD of `` Thieves Like Us '' came from seemingly nowhere -- Can `` Come Back to the Five and Dime , Jimmy Dean , Jimmy Dean , '' `` Welcome to L.A. '' `` Remember My Name '' and `` Health '' be far behind?Bring them on !
 I would have loved the pitch meeting for this film . I 'm sure the studio honchoes had `` Bonnie and Clyde '' dancing in their heads with Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway and a ballet of bullets . Their jaws must have dropped when they got ... Keith Carradine and Shelley Duvall . All kidding aside this Depression era bankrobber saga is a great mood piece . Director Robert Altman is n't so much concerned with the visceral but with charaterization . Carradine and Duvall are certainly fine as our perfunctory `` protagonists '' but the real story is the supporting players . John Shuck is great as Carradine 's moody hard drinking co-hort . Bert Remsen is even better as a gimpy banrobber who after every bank job adds five more to his running count . Louise Fletcher is understatement personified as a motel owner who shelters the crew . `` Thieves Like Us '' is definitely a picture worth checking out . Bring on `` Brewster McCloud '' . As a sidebar , the cover photo on the DVD is sure misleading . I ca n't remember Shelley Duvall wearing anything but a dowdy dress throughout the whole movie .
 I 'd seen this film for sale at a large retailer many times . I almost pulled the trigger several times . I 'm going to get a copy now that I 've seen it . I DO very much like the comparison with BONNIE AND CLYDE in the editorial review here . I feel this is a MUCH better film for many reasons -LRB- i wo n't waste time rattling them off as i 'm not a fast writer -RRB- . As i see it , this is a film about several men who do n't -LRB- in general -RRB- see themselves as wrongdoers or bad people . These are -LRB- by and large -RRB- simple , largely decent folk who have chosen quick methods to money , comfort and goals . They have a loose cannon in their midst though . I found the picture and It 's various characters to be VERY authentic . These are NOT smug , hip or affected people . They truly inhabit a simpler and less complicated time . The film making is very true in It 's pacing , sights , sounds , conversations , activities and so on . Every moment struck me as more than just plausible . It struck me as honest and probable . See what YOU think .
 I first saw this video 15 years ago when I was going through a transition phase of my life which started as a result of an injury . As I was just starting to push through the `` doom and gloom '' and take on new challenges , I found this video by chance . I was powerfully affected by its imagery and message . I watched it over and over , and really clicked with the symbol and image of the magestic bald eagle . To this day , the Eagle evokes in me an image of character , perserverence , courage , fortitude , strength and nobility that I aspire to in my life 's roles . This video wonderfully depicts these timeless , universal themes that add purpose and meaning to our lives . I have shared this video with many through the years . I find that most people are `` wowed '' by it , and inspired to different degrees depending upon where they are in their own life journey .
 Like a gruesome car wreck , this movie holds your attention ... . An American couple on board a Greek ship , find themselves in the middle of a dramatically overplanned international scheme to steal a valuable Greek artifact . It was n't so much the implausible plot , but the laughable similarities to some of the movies we know and love-and yes the Hasselhoffian manner in which John Spencer -LRB- Rob Lowe -RRB- manages to exert himself in his efforts to save the day . This Hollywood mutation was however , fairly entertaining . Highly recommended for a 3am veg-fest .
 A brother and sister team Tia and Tony -LRB- Kim Richards and Ike Eisenmann -RRB- find themselves orphans . They remember their foster parents and only glimpses of their previous life . They are also aware that they have abilities far beyond those of mortal men . Tia carries a star-case that may give a clue to where they came from . The duo may have stayed in the orphanage forever however , they have a chance encounter with a stranger , Mr. Deranian -LRB- Donald Pleasence -RRB- and then their adventure begins.Mr . Deranian 's employer Aristotle Bolt -LRB- Ray Milland -RRB- on the surface he appears benevolent it soon they find he has a nefarious plans to use their powers for evil or profit . It behooves them to escape and continue their search for their previous life . In their effort to find , where they came from , they also help another stranger Jason O'Day -LRB- Eddie Albert -RRB- get back his emotional life.Will they ever find their way home or is he destined to run forever ? ------------- This movie is among one of Disney 's best presentations . One advantage is that it was made before somebody tried to be politically correct or force some politically correct idea down our throats.As with many of the earlier movies one nicety is that the credits appear before the film so that you can anticipate the actors and the music that you are about to hear.Because now day 's people have larger television , screens it is a little easier to see the wires that hold up items that are supposed to be floating . Nevertheless , this does not interfere with the entertainment.One advantage of this DVD and DVDs at this time is the added voice overview , `` Conversations with John Hough '' , which gives insight to what they were trying to produce as they made this movie . Listen to the overview and then watch the movie again and you will gain more insight and still not lose any of the entertainment value.Escape to witch Mountain may be superseded by a new version but it will never be duplicated or exceeded for pure entertainment.The Uninvited ~ Ray Milland -LRB- 1944 -RRB- Teahouse of the August Moon ~ Eddie Albert -LSB- VHS -RSB-
 The WORD on this film kept me away from it since its release last summer , a similar fate experienced by the Anthony Hopkins , Cuba Gooding Jr. film , INSTINCT . In both cases , when I could n't find anything else available at the video store , I ended up enjoying two very entertaining -LRB- key word , ENTERTAINING -RRB- DVD films . I agree that Liam Neeson 's stature was overkill for his character . But overall , it was a fine ensemble cast . The NON-COMPUTER generated effects were outstanding and deserve credit for the creators . And , if you have just assembled a good home theatre sound system , the Haunting is a must!To put it into perspective , Star Wars Phantom Menace was last year 's truly Bad Movie ... not the Haunting .
 Watching this movie in mono or even stereo does not have the same effect as Dolby Pro Logic or AC-3 . I strongly recommend turning your subwoofer up as high as it will go -LRB- or as high as your neighbors will allow -RRB- . The entire sound field of the house seems to be centered around low frequency effects so just the average TV wo n't have the same thrill as a home theator system . As for the movie itself , it takes a little while for the plot to be revealed . In fact , it takes most of the movie .
